Leo Denault: As far as the plan, there's very little in there. We have added some dollars when we went through the process at the end of the second quarter where we had some continuous improvement opportunities, and then we put money back into the business for all of our stakeholders. There was some level of that from the KeyString Labs sort of initiatives, but there's very little in the plan really at this point for those opportunities.  It's a little early for us to start to size it up. As the year goes on and we start to develop more, we will. But our view is that at the end of the day, the distribution side of the business and these customer solutions will be the fastest-growing part of our business. Customer solutions could include all kinds of electrification. If you look at, for example, Louisiana, the industry is the second largest emitter of greenhouse gases, behind transportation with utilities, third, which is a little bit different than it is in the rest of the country given the nature and the size of the industrial complex in Louisiana. So across all of our footprint, we see a significant amount of opportunity in the electrification space, once we work beyond shore power and into manufacturing processes and even transportation sector.  So that could get significant over time as we go forward. And there's a lot of other things that they're going to be able to do in addition to what we've already done in solar, in addition to what we're already doing in backup generators. As I mentioned, while we put the footprint of AMI, EAM, customer digital and all of those other technological improvements that we do on the system, we get significant amounts of data that will allow KeyString Labs and the rest of the company to actually create products and services based on that. So it's too early to size what -- to size it up and give you any numbers. But if you go 5, 10 years down the road, we think that it's going to be pretty significant.
Leo Denault: Okay. Well, let me try and keep up with that question or that series of questions. As far as the customer solutions area goes, it's wide-ranging across all of our customer segments. So we've done low-income rooftop solar in -- out of KeyString Labs. We've done backup generation for small industrial and commercial. At the utility level, we're engaging with our larger industrial customers across a variety of different ways to interact with them to help them do business better. We have been investigating green tariffs. We have been investigating community solar. We are looking at a whole host of other types of products and services that provide us the opportunity to give our customers the outcomes they desire.  If you think about a customer utility function, it goes beyond just -- and I don't mean electric utility, but from an economic standpoint, it goes beyond just the low-cost provision of highly reliable power. It goes beyond that in terms of what their objectives are in terms of what they want to do with that consumption. So if they have a sustainability objective, in addition to just selling them electricity, we want to help our customers with that sustainability objective. So hence, that's where you get into a position where you electrify a sector.  In the shore power arena, as I mentioned, just there, we help those customers meet their sustainability objectives and, quite honestly, a way that meets their needs at a lower cost. And so that's a very, very important way for us to serve the customer while we serve the communities, while we enhance our sustainability footprint in theirs and make them more competitive in their businesses.  So in terms of specifics, Julien, across that, products and services will be developed out of innovation by working with our customers in a different way than we have before, because technology, data, information, analytics allow us that capability in ways that weren't available. And the more technologies we put on the system, the more availability we'll have on that data and that information and our ability to actually make that happen.  So the reason we're so excited about it is, it's pretty wide-ranging in terms of what we're going to do for different segments of the residential class versus different segments of the commercial class versus different -- in specific customers in the industrial space. So that's about as specific as I really want to get at the moment on that.  As far as the resource plan goes, we're obviously constantly in the mode of evaluating what the resource plan looks like going forward in all of our jurisdictions. And as we see technologies change, our view of what those resources could be broadens. And so from the standpoint of, say, what type of technology choices we make, whether they be on the energy efficiency side, on the side of renewables, gas or what-have-you, we have the opportunity to expand that footprint. And as technology improves, and renewables and battery and other storage technologies become more economic and more operable, we'll see more of those show up in the system. And it's our anticipation that we will continue to provide 3 things for our customers through the resource plan. One is operability. When they turn on the lights, they come on. That's obviously a ticket to play. We continue to want to be one of the lowest-cost providers in the United States that helps our competitive position and it helps the economic development of the service territory, which obviously creates a good business cycle for us. And then we want to help ourselves, our communities and our customers meet their sustainability objectives. We're going to do all 3 of those, and we're going to optimize those to the extent practical. So that means taking advantage of all of the technologies out there in the most efficient way we can. I don't know if Rod wants to add anything to that, I hope.
Leo Denault: The generation opportunities are similar to what we've discussed in the past. We still see a need to transform our fleet from the older, less efficient generation to new, cleaner, more efficient way to provide power. And our perspective on the mix hasn't changed from where we were at EEI that if we look 22 million to 30 million in that 7,000- to 8,000-megawatt range, and we think that based on where technology is going and what we could foresee that roughly half of that could be renewables.  The way we're going to fill that out is going to be specific to those 3 points that I made a minute ago, has to be the right operational characteristics at the right cost with the right sustainability footprint.  Our objective is to optimize that as much as possible. And so as we've discussed before, as we get closer to each one of those resource choices, to the extent renewables, storage, technologies and other factors have made those more operable and cost-effective, they become a bigger part of the resource mix. That doesn't change how much capacity we need because we need to provide the service we need to provide and the age of the fleet is what it is. And as I mentioned, we have plans for retirement of the majority of the coal resources that are out there, and we're looking at what to do with the others. So that, plus old gas fleet that still needs to be refreshed, all go into the mix.
Leo Denault: I think the criteria are the same. Certainly, we, as a management team and the board, are open to -- and I think you characterized it correctly, better ideas. So if there is a way to advance the ball beyond what we think we can do, the way we're configured today, we will investigate it.  In addition to it having to be something that does advance the ball, it has to be transactable both with the counterparty and through the regulatory process. Because there's no point going forward if you can't get along well enough to go through the process. And if you can't get the process completed, there's -- obviously, that's -- it doesn't matter how good the idea is, if it can't get done, it doesn't matter.  And then you did also bring up the third thing that we always discuss, and that's distraction is, in our industry, because of the way the process works, it takes 18 to 24 months to get something done. Are you distracted during that time frame from doing the things that got you to the point where we are today in such a way that if you don't get across the goal line or even if you do, you've lost so much ground that it doesn't make it worth it? If you can solve that puzzle, then our stance would continue to be that it is worthwhile.  We do have, in my opinion, the most attractive stand-alone plan that we've ever had for all 4 of our stakeholders. We have significant amount of opportunity to improve the level of service and the way we serve our customers. We have a significant opportunity to continue sustainability objectives and our community building across the environmental, the education, workforce training, eradication of poverty, space or anything to provide value for our communities. We continue to have an opportunity to expand our culture in a way that engages our employees the way they've never been before. And certainly, all of that results in the investment profile that grows the business for certainly, our shareholders.  So it's a pretty high bar in that first part about can you actually have a better idea that advances the ball enough to make it worth doing. That doesn't mean we don't look at it. It doesn't mean we wouldn't be open to it. It just means that I think now the bar is as high as it's been in that front.
Leo Denault: Yes. The Arkansas units, Michael, are part of that settlement that gets us to the -- by the end of 2030. Yes.
Leo Denault: I mentioned in my script that in addition to what we're doing, we were looking at what to do with the rest of the fleet. There is that kind of analysis going on, on a regular basis. We look at all of the resources we have and what's the right balance between spending the money required to keep them operating versus replacement. And so that's on the table. At this point in time, we haven't made that call.
Leo Denault: Well, it's a tricky metric to be making broad generalizations about the peer group, because the peer group would have to be somebody whose service territory characteristics mirror ours. So there's a big difference between people who are in urban dense versus rural versus mountainous versus swampy versus all of any other things that make that up. It doesn't mean we don't do it. It doesn't mean we don't compare favorably in a lot of respects, but we need to go beyond just those benchmarks, Michael, and get into what can we do to continuously improve ourselves once we get outside of the plant level, because there's too many variables to just make broad generalizations. I wouldn't think, even if we are top decile, that we wouldn't be able to find ways to improve.
Leo Denault: Yes. I think, Jonathan, as I mentioned in my remarks, we'll go out. Typically, the way the process has worked for us, we've historically done an Analyst Day every other year. And when we do it, we roll out kind of a 5-year look versus the every-odd-year roll-out, 3-year look, I guess. So I would anticipate that we would do that, obviously, give a little bit more ability to dive into what we're doing in terms of all the things that we've been talking about here, maybe turn, work hard on what those opportunities look like and what they might be and gives us a little more time to get into a little bit more detail that way. But I think kind of just more discussion around the opportunity set in front of us.  Again, I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, we have a pretty good base here with some of the lowest rates in the country, one of the cleanest fleets in the country, some of the only industrial growth in the country, some of the best regulatory mechanisms in the country. And no shortage of opportunities to invest on behalf of our customers to increase the level of service that they get, while we manage the bill path to be at or below the level of inflation. And so just looking at the outlooks that we provided you here, that's a -- and again, in my estimation, one of the best positions we've been in as a company. But that doesn't mean we are not looking for ways to do better because our team keeps coming up with more investment opportunities for us to make on behalf of our customers that could improve that level of service more, whether it's in the traditional things about sustainability and reliability or whether it's in some of these newer areas where we start to talk about customer solutions, where we're getting closer and closer and closer to providing them outcomes rather than just inputs.  So the idea of continuous improvement to provide the headroom that allows us to get there and improve things, I think, is a great challenge for us. And continuous improvement takes many forms, whether it's continuous improvement through RPA and utilization of our supply chain, shared service and IT functions to actually drive costs out of the business, while we upscale, actually, the level of performance or whether it's in economic development and new load growth that isn't in the plan today, that helps drive costs down for the rest of the customers. Or just the fact that gas prices continue to be lower than what we typically project them to be. If you look at the forward curve, you're out 4, 5 years, you're still at sub $2.50 gas and that's a great opportunity for us to benefit our customers.
Andrew Marsh: Sure. This is Drew. The fundamental strength that we have that are sort of built into our service area are still in place in terms of the low costs down here from an energy perspective, our low rates, the welcoming communities for industrial growth, the access to the river and the infrastructure and labor and everything else. So all those things are still in place. And so we continue to see an opportunity going forward that would allow us to continue to grow on the industrial base.  Talking about 2019 versus 2020. We've talked about over the course of 2019, how some of our key customers that we were expecting to ramp up were not able to ramp up as fast as we anticipated. But we still expect them to be there. And so that's contributing to kind of the year-over-year expectations for 2020 as well as on the smaller industrial customer size base.  There was quite a bit of rain in Arkansas, so a number of our customers in -- that normally do pumping for agricultural use on an industrial scale weren't there. But we expect them to be back in 2020, barring -- assuming a normal weather condition up in Arkansas. So that's really what's driving kind of the change year-over-year and kind of the softness in 2019. And I'll let Rod talk a little bit about sort of the -- where we actually see customers going forward.
Andrew Marsh: And we have a retirement study to do after the St. Charles project goes in service that will address some of the things that Leo was talking about.
Andrew Marsh: Sure, Praful. So I think that's probably in part, part of what it is. Nothing has changed relative to where we said in 2018 from our plan. And I think there is -- there's some credit considerations, there's our earnings considerations. All those are part of what we are working through. And also, the capital plan itself has grown over the -- has grown since EEI's, grew last summer, so it's been growing as well. And as Leo has been talking about, there is the potential for considerably more equity needs -- or capital needs out in the future. So I think all of those things are factoring into how we're thinking about where the equity might land when we go to fill that need in 2021.
Andrew Marsh: That's correct. So the trust fund at Indian Point is whole tax responsibility in terms of the level that it's at. And that will help be part of the NRC proceeding that is underway right now.
Andrew Marsh: Yes. So there's a couple of drivers out there that have been helpful in 2019. One was at EWC. Our cash flows came in a little bit better than we anticipated. The team there has done a great job managing costs and identifying ways to reduce capital needs as we transition towards shutting down those plants. So that's been very positive.  We had some very positive working capital developments in Utility, and we may see some more of that this year because of lower fuel prices. So that's been helpful. Of course, the performance of the pension trust has been good. But at the same time, interest rates have been coming down and raising the liability. And so we actually -- our liability went up about $1 billion from $7.4 billion to $8.4 billion last year, solely because of interest rates dropping over 100 basis points. Our delta between our assets and -- our assets went up as well. Our delta stayed about the same, around $2 billion year-over-year. So we weren't able to make up as much ground as we were hoping given the positive performance.  But we did -- we were able because of some of the positive cash flows, as I mentioned in my remarks, able to put some incremental cash into the pension trust, about $200 million more than we planned at the beginning of the year. We did that at the end of the year. So that will help continue to derisk that pension liability.  So those are kind of some of the drivers. And some of those is what I would expect to continue to be opportunities going forward in terms of the potential for lower fuel prices, helping our working capital and potentially some incremental room at EWC as well. And none of that takes into consideration some of the things that Leo was talking about around continuous improvement. If we can find incremental headroom through continuous improvement on our cash flows, then we can put that to work, either with incremental investments to benefit our customers or other investments to create value for all our stakeholders.
Andrew Marsh: Yes. So the questions that the New York Attorney General are asking are the same ones that we have addressed in the proceedings at the NRC for both Vermont Yankee and for Pilgrim, and namely there around the financial and technical capabilities of Holtec to, in this case, to do the work of decommissioning. And that's really -- that is what the NRC is addressing. That is there, what they're accountable for figuring out in the proceeding. And so I think that will be a good forum to address those questions. And we are confident -- I'll add, we're confident that Holtec will be able to answer those. They've already answered them successfully into other proceedings, one with us around Pilgrim, and then, of course, Oyster Creek.
Andrew Marsh: I think you're on the right track, Greg. It's true. The pension discount rate did come down lower than what we were anticipating when we were talking at EEI. And so that was -- of the incremental O&M, that was probably 40% of the delta. Also, there's another 40% is associated with things that are offset in the top line. Energy efficiency, storm reserve changes that at the bottom line will be a net 0. And then, of course, there are little -- there are a few odds and ends, but those dollars add up to something really small. So I think all in all, and actually, I would say, we're overall, we're in line with what we were expecting, $2.6 billion in Utility. And we've talked about trying to keep it flat at around $2.65 billion going forward is what we discussed last summer. So we've managed to work against all of those things that move the O&M up a little bit, but it's still within the expectations that we had overall.
Andrew Marsh: Yes. I think we were anticipating that we were going to do those things, but we hadn't explicitly called them out.
Andrew Marsh: Absolutely. It's a big opportunity for us. We've talked about the capital plan is inching towards a $4 billion average. At this point, if we look beyond our capital horizon 2022, I would expect that it would be up above $4 billion. And all the things that you're talking about are going to be a piece of that opportunity.  That's on the generation side. I mean Leo was saying that the biggest opportunity is on the other end of the value chain, at the distribution end and the customer services, that's where the biggest growth opportunity, we think, will ultimately be. So there is significant capital opportunity out there for us. But the thing that you said is really what we are working through, which is how do we make sure that we can create value for our customers and really all of our stakeholders while we put this capital to work and do it in a way that allows our customers to manage this through their bills. And that's kind of the key to this whole thing and all the continuous improvement and the innovation, the new products and services, the leveraging of technology, creating headroom in those bills. That's what we're after. And we see opportunities for that in a significant way down the road.
Andrew Marsh: Michael, this is Drew. And so in regards of where it sits in the dispatch stack, is it's low, right? They have run days, run all the time. They have low variable costs. And so they are going to run all the time. We do know about the economics, and we've talked about that in the Northeast, obviously, with the shutdown of our EWC fleet. But there are many reasons why you might want to continue to operate your nuclear fleet that are very, very important from a quality perspective. And you can evaluate those more effectively in a utility setting than you can in a merchant power market where all that matters is that marginal electrons price.  So when you talk about -- and you see folks supporting nuclear plants in those unregulated power markets for these same reasons, right? You're talking about clean generation that supports the grid. It's always available. It diversifies the portfolio. It provides good tax base, so there's a lot of jobs and communities and a lot of active volunteering coming out of these plants that have a lot of employees. So there's a lot of policy reasons why you want to keep a nuclear plant around. But it's hard to evaluate those in a merchant setting. And you see people doing that already in Illinois and parts of New York and other places. You can do that more easily in a rate-regulated framework to evaluate those characteristics.
