J. Wayne Leonard: I'll just add one thing. Gary made a good point yesterday in that -- I know you've all, many of you have talked to the regulators, you've heard statements by the regulators, and if you go back to MISO, where we were at in that process, and they were well down the road on MISO now, but the ITC were basically, is where we were on MISO at this point in time. With the regulators taking a wait-and-see approach, waiting to hear the testimonies, waiting to see exactly how we are going to address some of these issues, and that's their job. And on MISO once the numbers were put on the table and they could see what the trade was, then it's been very positive ever since. And so maybe it appears a little slow at someone out of the box, but we expect that once we make the filings, that things will pick up pretty fast.
J. Wayne Leonard: Gary? I was just kidding Gary about that one. I was going to give him all the questions today, just as a sort of surprise.
J. Wayne Leonard: There's been a lot of discussion about that and what we've said is next year. And it would be nice if it was in the middle of the year. That's about as early as you could I think as you could reasonably project it could happen. But we do expect it in next year, but I would hesitate to pick a time period at this point.
J. Wayne Leonard: That's an excellent question. Certainly one that Rick, who's actually moved out of New York and is very involved in it and John also. And we've been following and been very involved in a lot of the details of what is going on and what is likely to happen. So I'll let Rick kind of summarize where we come out on that one.
J. Wayne Leonard: Yes, all I need is Rick could expand on or even Mark could expand on that issue. From the reliability standpoint even though over the years, we've developed in the industry a number of devices that can help, there is no replacement for local generation, it is just good. If you're talking about reliability, you can have all the energy, all the capacity. And we are pushing it down wires, no matter how big they are, or how many devices you put on them, local generation is absolutely critical to maintain reliability. And these are like 2000 megawatts optimally positioned in New York. And no plan that you are going to come up with is going to produce an expected reliability level as good as one that includes Indian Point. It's just that simple.
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, it's speculation. I mean it's just speculating on logic in terms of you have 1 agency with 2 things in front of them. And people sometimes tend to want -- not want to let go of one until they see the outcome of the other. We don't know that. I'm just -- I'm trying to do is to bring up the issue of we don't know really what's going at DOJ, and whether they would somehow relate the two. We don't think they're related. But I want to make you aware of that possibility, that it could get delayed. Not necessarily because they are tied together but because it's 1 agency with 2 different things they're working on for 1 company.
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, if I had the benefit of hindsight, I could, 10 years from now, I could tell you which ones will fit that description. When we bought the nuclear, we never expected the prices to be as high as they were for a period of time there. And we don't see that certainly happening again for really any asset class. Probably the most certain thing that when you look at it is environmental regulations are going to get tougher now. Probably not nearly as tough as EPA has outlined, which is just a point of view that is going to work its way and will be played out in probably the courts over the period in time. And there will be assets that people don't view as having much value that will probably have a lot longer life than people think. But I think from our perspective, there's a lot of opportunity because we have a number of companies that are feeling the pressure of these low prices, and they're looking for -- to reduce the risks that they were [ph] out with these assets. And we do have the advantage of having really clean, well located plants. And so, I think there are opportunities available. I wouldn't get in depth to any particular detail, but to work with some of the other companies who have merchant capacity fleets and who develop a more robust kind of portfolio that would rather than bet on any one particular kind of future. I know that's not being very specific, but we're spending a lot of time on this and there's a lot of interest, I can say that, with a number of other companies in terms of trying to figure out how they work their own way through this also. It's a very uncertain time because I mean you have to -- it's not like one thing you're betting on. There's just a lot of different issues that could swing one way or the other.
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, I think I mentioned in the comments, a lot of the advantages. But clearly, the scale they bring and the focus that they bring is unique, and maybe that's a leap of faith that they will find ways to do things that we wouldn't necessarily. But as you know, all of our state regulators have been, ever since the merchants came into our territory in these very large numbers, they've been inundated with complaints and we've had various investigations and various requests for data and oversights and we have processes and to address all those issues and every single one of them, it would always come up that we're doing things exactly right according to the rules and all that. But there's always that suspicion that because you're in the business that you're not. And that somehow, something is being wrong or whatever -- being done wrong. Some of us come from at least partial backgrounds like you all do in the trading business, and in the trading business, oversight only go so far. It's separation of duties is everything. And for the commission, the oversight is with all this merchant capacity is sole owners and it never settles the question. And so, by separating the businesses, any concerns that anybody has that there's anything going on here that's not in the best interest of everybody or consistent with the law, and they've heard that over and over again from all the merchants and all the different parties, and just the independence alone, is what stakeholders want. That's what we're giving them. And then at the same time, we still think there's enormous upside of having focus on that business. And I think the main thing that we are emphasizing to them is what the stakeholders want is independence, and these hearings, they've tended to agree with the stakeholders that independence would be good. And that's -- now, they have the opportunity to achieve that.
Leo P. Denault: Sure, sure. Paul, that's just not a place that we're going to go. We anticipate that we're going to get, make it the same case in every jurisdiction in terms of the benefits and then we'll get this done across the board. Certainly there is considerations about the structure we picked and the transaction that we've struck. So it's not just a regulatory approval of the rate case or something like that where we've got a lot of flexibility around our structuring of this, we have a transaction to preserve and structure that transaction to preserve. So there's really nothing I can comment on there.
Leo P. Denault: The categories have to do with the items that are part of the plant balance. From an accounting point of view, there's the plant itself and that's the one that you can look at from a depreciation standpoint, that's the value of the plant on the books that's depreciated every year. Since we took the impairment for a portion of the plant balance, that will reduce depreciation expense going forward. The deferred fuel or the fuel outage costs and the fuel itself, also given the way outages work, if you think about it, you were buying the fuel upfront and you have so much of it that comes out every cycle and you have costs associated with the fueling outage, you could amortize over a period of time, those are just shorter-lived assets. So you allocate the impairment across the asset group of the fuel, deferred outage costs and the plant balance, then those would be ongoing as long as those what you've written off you won't have to write off over the period of which those would have been amortized. So the fuel and the outage costs have a short life. The plant, obviously, has a life through the end of the license, so the depreciation expense goes down through the remainder of the life.
Leo P. Denault: As far as the parent company goes, if you go back in time prior to the spinoff announcement, the nature of our term versus liquidity at the parent is pretty much in the same position now as it has been. So I wouldn't expect major changes on that, all other things being equal, in terms of pushing more from the revolver to term or anything like that. As it relates to transactions, when we look at the majority of the transactions that we've got keyed up, for example the power plant acquisitions or even the ITC transactions, those are operating company financings. So if you think about the power plants at a specific jurisdiction, those jurisdictions do their own financing for those power plants. And in the ITC transaction, when you think about the financing that we'll do associated with that separation it will be to a fixed -- to alter the balance sheets to the right size of the operating companies themselves. So from a transactional standpoint of anything that we've got out there right now, that's all related to the operating companies. And I think that all other things being equal, the parent company has got the right mix of the facility term debt right now.
