Drew Marsh: Yes. So in regards the amount nothing has changed, in that regard. And that we are, we're still where we were, when we talked to you last summer. The other thing associated with the methods in which we might go access that equity capital, we've talked a little bit about that in the past, certainly, we have the ability to go do walk equity. But more recently, we put a plan in place to do at the market. And next week, we have our proxy results, which we've requested from you, all our owners, to, to allow us to do preferred equity, we think that gives more flexibility, in terms of accessing that capital. And we think we can do it in a more shareholder friendly way because it gives us the opportunity to potentially convert and not dilute our existing owners today. So that's something that we're looking to, to get next week. And so we'll know the result of that. In regards to I think the other thing that you're hinting at is something that we addressed last quarter as well around the potential sale of a portion of equity from an operating company. Going forward, and as we said, there is a difference between obviously the cost of equity at the operating company and where we are trading today. So that that is something that we were we would look closely at but that is still very much a strategic decision that’s a long term decision. And it's sort of masquerading around as a financing decision. And it's really not because you can't do the transaction and then close in a couple of days, you're going to be waiting 18 months to 24 months, because you got to go get regulatory approval in our jurisdictions. So it does make it ideal from that perspective. There are other considerations that you have to also take into account, in addition to the regulatory and the timing risk, as we've seen, others execute on that it didn't actually solve their credit problem. They ended up getting downgraded anyway. So that's something that we would be have to be keenly aware of. But as a strategic issue, it's something that we pay attention to. And it's something that we are evaluating and continue to evaluate because of the price differences out there, because strategic question that it starts to get into the more M&A stuff around. Okay, so if you do this, when you go ask for approval, can you execute on it? We think there's some value there. And will it distract you from other things that are going on in the utility business, our ability to execute. So that's kind of a long answer around what sort of financing question but really turns into an M&A question on the on the key point that I think you're looking for.
Drew Marsh: And Jeremy, I'll add that in and Rod referenced the winter storm, but it had an outside and outside impact on our industrial customers as of last quarter, so it's minus 3%, quarter-over-quarter, but [within] [ph] less than 1% down without the winter storm. So that's, that's a big impact. And you can see that kind of play out in our overall view for the year. Because that's not weather adjustments that we would make, we don't weather adjust the industrial customers. And then I'll also add, just from a macro perspective that we are seeing some good signals in the industrial space. We are, we see that inventories for some of our key pet chem and refined products customers are trending back to normal. So some of that inventory overhang has gone away. As a result, we've seen margins improve, crack spreads, or geographic spreads, Henry hub to Asia and Europe, for example, are trending in the right direction. And, it looks like the housing market is starting to tick up. So that could help out our core alkali customers. And, some of the just the basic macro factors, like oil prices are better now. And the dollar still hasn't rebounded all that much. And those are all sort of positive signals for our industrial customers. So we, we, we've looked at those signals, and we're optimistic, although we want to see it show up in the sales as well.
Drew Marsh: Yes, well, thanks. That's, that's a carbon capture is just one piece of the puzzle here. And I think our service territory really bodes well across a variety of new technological advancements, and again, will be helpful not only for the power sector, but for the people who produce some of those commodities as well as the people who consume those commodities. So you've probably seen a lot of press lately about what a lot of our customers are doing in both hydrogen and carbon capture, as well as renewables. So there's, there's a significant amount of opportunity for us, whether it's 45Q as it stands today, or whatever happens with infrastructure, legislation or tax policy around that. It's really early in the game, but certainly, the administration has been has been very clear that new technologies that provide the opportunity to lower the carbon footprint of the power sector and our industrial customers are all fair game for tax credits. All fair game for, other support and initiatives that could help accelerate the development of things like not only renewables, battery storage, but carbon capture, hydrogen utilization and hydrogen production, hydrogen transportation, hydrogen storage, all of that is, when you say how do we how do we line up, those people who are talking in other sectors about carbon capture and talking about production of green hydrogen or all our customers. And so, how near term is it that's why we are investigating those technologies on our own with our customers and through our JDA with Mitsubishi to try to tease out the technologies, tease out the costs, and accelerate the ability to utilize those. If you think about it, if carbon capture and hydrogen, for example, become more economic and get to market faster, and our deployment of renewables can increase, and go faster, so that all works really hand in hand. So, early in the game, I think there's a lot of support, both through extension of existing policy plus the potential for new policy, we're working closely not only with the industry, but with, with folks in Washington and the administration ourselves. Plus, with our partners and our customers to try to try to really advance the ball on this, because we think we're uniquely positioned as it relates to all of those. Because it's vital to us, it's vital to the, to the customers that we have as well. So really think there's a lot of momentum behind it at the moment as well.
Drew Marsh: Yes, no good question. And I was actually I thought referring more to the uncertain tax question. But in regard to the ROE, and capital structure, the answer is actually the same. We didn't we didn't change our reserve position. I would say that we were exactly in line. In fact, it was a little bit below our expectations. We talked about a three cent sort of on-going drag versus what we had in our own models internally. It doesn't change any of our outlooks. But that was a little different than our expectation. That would, if it stands, translate to a slightly higher need for us to reserve at some point, if the FERC comes out. At the same place that the ALJ does, I think it would be 20 million to 25 million kind of one time on that change. But yes, we, as you saw, we filed last week, to see if we could convince the FERC that it ought to be a little bit higher. So we'll wait to see how that comes out. But if we will need to take a charge on the ROE cash structure piece of about 20 million, 25 million down the road, if the ALJ Position stands.
Drew Marsh: And that's a good question. So when we take the -- I think this question really hinges around the rating agency piece of this. And if you look at our metrics from S&Ps perspective, I think we're in good shape. Even through all of this, we're above the downgrade thresholds that they've written about. And we continue to our forecast continues to pull away from those thresholds. So we're, we're comfortable with where we are on the S&P metrics. The Moody's metrics are a little more challenging, as you know, because their cash flow from operations to debt, not including working capital. That is that sort of that 15% threshold. And that's what we've been really aiming for. And we still believe we're going to get there next year. We're, in order to do that, we have to get past these cash flow, these cash flows that we've experienced for the storms, some of the ones that I talked about this quarter, and we need to get to the securitization. And ideally, we'll be able to do that off sheet as well. And as I mentioned, that legislation is moving forward in both Texas and Louisiana to do that. So I think we're actually in good shape to achieve all those objectives. In terms of the conversation with Moody's I mean, obviously, you'll have to talk to them to get their perspective. But I think they understand what's going on. They understand that we have very good solid mechanisms between fuel recovery. And with securitization, we have a history there. And they can see the results in the in the legislature going forward. So they're very comfortable that we are going to be able to make that progress. And they've actually written that they expect us to hit their target until 2023. So we're actually right aiming to hit their target a year earlier than they would expect us to. So they, the conversations are going very well with them, I would say because it we just had our annual review, which is in typically in the spring. And we have, as we've talked about, and we're talking about today forecast which should achieve our targeted objectives.
Drew Marsh: Sure, sure Julian, this is Drew. So actually, in terms of our capital spending, we probably we didn't pump capital this quarter. But we've actually accelerated some of the capital primarily in Arkansas. We had, as you probably recall, at the beginning of the year, we had pushed capital back to make room for the December order. And with the more recent order, we've moved the capital back forward. So it's about 200 million that we moved out of 03, most of it into 01 sum of into 02. Excuse me, 22. Sorry, I'm 20 years behind. But in terms of in terms of the rate pressure of yes, as you know, that's something that we talk about, very, we talked about a lot. And we watched very closely, that actually beginning to improve, work through our continuous improvement. And the and some of the other things that have been going on, have the biggest step change that we've seen in terms of our rep, pressure is as good as it turns out, going to be between 2020 and 2021. And now that we've gotten through all of our regulatory proceedings for the year, we think we're going to be able to manage that pretty well. Going forward using 2021 as a baseline, we're much closer to kind of a 2% growth rate in sort of an average bill. And I think that that on going forward should be very achievable in a regulatory framework.
Drew Marsh: Well, as I mentioned in the my prepared remarks, Julian and as we've been talking about, more I think since last analysts day. We start with a really clean fleet. As you said, we've got RFPs for 1000 megawatts outstanding right now, our current thinking is that the renewable path be about 2500 megawatts by 2025 up to 5000 by 2030. And I think the right way to think about it is we're trying to make, a low cost reliable and sustainable footprint. And, and as we look going forward, as technology improves, as prices come down as battery storage gets more economical that just makes the possibility for renewables to play a bigger part in the resource plan going forward a reality and that's what you've seen and we evaluate resource plan on a regular basis but we don't stop with the resource plan. We evaluate each individual project on a regular basis and so as you know we've got the Orange county power and storage station that we'll that we're developing that on day one will have hydrogen capability and with being provided in the development space to be 100% hydrogen capable at the point in time when that makes sense to the extent that gets accelerated that allows us to put more renewables into our footprint because we got that long-term storage flexibility. So when you think about our resource plan we're just trying to meet the need that when you flip the switch the lights come on. That's the need we got to meet. We want to do it as efficiently and cleanly as possible and that just as technology has come to the point where that's a bigger and bigger renewable footprint. And again if some of these other technologies are viable and cost-effective that really helps accelerate their renewable deployment as well. And so we continue to evaluate every project and every resource plan with those things in mind. So I'm excited about the possibility that 5000 gets bigger at some point and we've got a lot of time between now and 2030 to make that happen and with again the infrastructure support coming out of the policy environment that only will tend to make that technology advance further, faster and be more economical for our customers if there's again that policy support.
Drew Marsh: Yes. So I think for the year I think it is probably just timing elements. I don't think that there's any sort of massive acceleration versus what we had previously planned other than to say that we pulled some of that capital in Arkansas up from 2023. So I think that I want to say it was in the $150 million to $175 million for this year and so that's at this point I think that would be the only difference from what we previously published for 2021.
Drew Marsh: Sure. So from where we were at the end of the year, I think we've improved a little bit not a lot. We kind of got stalled out because of the winter storm a little bit and we expect Arkansas and New Orleans to lift their moratoriums in May. So that should give us a clearer path to start to move those rears a little bit lower but at this point they're still, I would say they're still around $300 million. They're down from where their highs were by I don't know 10% or so but they still have a ways to go.
Drew Marsh: So hey Andrew, this is Drew. So we do expect to own a good portion of the solar opportunity that's in front of us. We think that we can be extremely competitive for a couple of reasons and one of them you alluded to in terms of the tax equity partnerships that allows us to manage that invested tax credit and work around some of the challenges from being utility. And so that's probably the main thing that's out there. Obviously we're working hard on bringing our costs down just like everybody else in the sector but we think based on the last couple of RFPs where we've ended up we think we're getting much more competitive in that space and so we expect to own a big chunk of those things going forward. I will say I don't at the end of the day doing all PPAs is probably not going to be that great for our balance sheet and it might actually start harming the customer. So that's something else that we are paying attention to but I think in order to avoid that we really just have to get competitive on the RFPs and make sure that we win our share.
Drew Marsh: No, we haven't changed our assumption and we still are working to figure out okay so the second half of this decade where a big chunk of that renewable comes in, what does that look like but we would expect over time if we're successful in our strategy that the win rate should improve for us.
Drew Marsh: Certainly as it relates to the winter storm specifically which is not different than any weather event that we have, a major portion of our after action analysis will include strategically what can we do to make the system more resilient and the winter storm is no different and so we're doing a comprehensive look at all of our facilities in all of our functions not just in the generation side but transmission, distribution as well to get what's the right balance of cost and reliability that we want to put in it. So that is ongoing. I wouldn't say that that's a significant amount of capital that would go into those facilities compared to size capital budget as it sits today. But certainly we're looking at and proven resiliency and all the investments that we're making in the normal capital plan are meant to improve power quality and reliability and so as we do, for example, with our transmission system all of the new stuff we build is to a higher standard than what we built 20 years ago. And as we saw in hurricane Laura all the stuff that we built with the new technology which stood the hurricane it was the stuff that we built 20, 30, 40, 50 years ago that was destroyed and all the new stuff is the new stuff. So that's a continuing and continuous analysis for us to how do you improve the resiliency just on a day-in day-out basis and the weather events like the winter storm gives the opportunity to learn even more.
Leo Denault: Well, it would be utilized to structure for the opportunities we're already talking about because if you think about it Julian, the -- if we can make them more cost effective for our customers through those structural options that frees up capital to spend on other things that improve the level of service that our customers receive whether it's on the PND front customer solutions front or in other renewable projects as well.
Leo Denault: So Stephen. It's a great question we're already rethinking the resource plan based on the potential for those kinds of initiatives to occur. As I mentioned the resource plan, it's not like we said it and then we just put it on autopilot and we're going to follow through on it regardless of what happens. So we're already looking at the plan that we have and determining based on different policy scenarios what that might do to change the economics such that the plan itself is changed. And again as I mentioned the more support, policy support for these technologies that occur the lower cost they are for our customers and the faster they're going to accelerate in terms of their development as viable. We see that as having a positive impact on the cost to the customers as well as the sustainability of the resource plan itself. So I mean the short answer is absolutely. We're already looking at what those impacts might be and certainly like everybody else in the industry we're playing our part in helping the congressional leaders and the administrative leaders understand what those impacts might be on the industry on Entergy and on our region and as I mentioned earlier there's not only a growth opportunity for us in some of these policies but the people who are making hydrogen today Stephen are in our service territory and are our customers. The people who are utilizing that hydrogen are in our service territory and are our customers. So it's our intention to work with them in helping them meet their sustainability goals and their sustainability requirements depending on what again comes out of legislation and an administrative situation in Washington to help them with their sustainability objectives. So if you think about major hydrogen producers today through gas reformation if they're going to have to get carbon capture or renewables we want to be there to help them with that.
Leo Denault: Sure. Certainly we're in that early phases of evaluating exactly what their needs are, what they want to do and what their exposure is as well as how we want to participate. So we're really in the range of investigation right now. One is for example with our fleet itself what we're going to utilize on the Montgomery County Innovation Center that I talked about that is a 22 megawatt electrolysis facility that we're looking to develop where we would be obviously creating green hydrogen that we would then test in our own facilities as we use that as a precursor up to then how Orange County Is going to utilize green hydrogen in its own for the production of electricity. At the same point in time to the extent carbon capture is something that a hydrogen producer might want to utilize our ability to provide them with economic renewables would be a way to obviously create new load and new renewables for us to be able to help them with that and to the extent that they want to pursue electrolysis in their own production of green hydrogen and we can provide the clean energy whether it's through nuclear or through renewables we can do that as well. So we're investigating on all aspects of that. At the same point in time there is transportation infrastructure down here in terms of pipelines and everything for that. We need to look at how that transportation tees up to our own facilities as well as amongst the service territory and then we've got storage facilities that are capable of being converted to store hydrogen and so we're looking at that and what role that can play not only for us but for our customers. So there's a wide range of things that we're looking at. Obviously our lane is to be the utility in all of this but as this progresses and we collaborate with Mitsubishi and we collaborate with our customers the opportunity to be the utility and provide the electricity for all this to happen should be pretty significant if it all plays out and I would say that the creation of the customer organization where we announced David Ellis's position within Rod's organization that's going to be a pretty significant organization that we're developing is designed to help and collaborate with those customers on these new needs that they have. So I know that wasn't a specific list of projects Stephen but it's more of a pretty wide-ranging opportunity where we're going to stay in our lane but yet we're going to really pursue being able to make it reality.
