Kimberly Fontan: Thank you, Drew. Good morning, everyone. Our first quarter adjusted earnings per share was $1.14. Results included a very mild weather, which reduced earnings by an estimated $0.22. We incorporate conservative assumptions into our planning process and have a portfolio of FLEX levers to mitigate the impacts. The fundamentals of our utility growth remains strong. And despite the first quarter weather, we remain squarely on track to achieve our financial objectives for 2023.  Before I review quarterly results, I'd like to highlight a couple of items. First, this quarter's results included the effects of storm securitization at Entergy Louisiana, including $76 million of benefits for customers. These items were considered adjustments and are excluded from adjusted earnings. Additional details are provided in our earnings release. Second, beginning in 2023, as a result of the successful exit from the merchant nuclear business, EWC is no longer a reporting segment and any remaining financial activity from that business is now included in Parent & Other.  You'll see the first quarter variances laid out on Slide 4. The quarter results reflected the effects of investments that are benefiting our customers. This includes regulatory actions as well as depreciation expense, other taxes and interest expense. Excluding weather, retail sales were higher, driven by industrial sales growth of 2%. That growth came largely from new and expansion customers, particularly in the primary metals and petrochemicals industries. This was partially offset by lower sales to Cogent customers as Cogent sales were particularly strong in 2022. Slides 5 and 6 show key metrics for our largest industrial segments. As Drew mentioned, these metrics remain very supportive and are consistent with the growth that we are seeing. They also give us confidence in our industrial sales growth outlook. Moving to Slide 7. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $960 million, $422 million higher than last year. Higher utility customer receipts, lower noncapital storm spending and lower pension contributions were the largest drivers. The effects of the EWC wind down provided a partial offset. Credit and liquidity are summarized on Slide 8. During the quarter, Entergy Louisiana received $1.5 billion from storm securitization. This completes our securitization. Entergy Louisiana plans to reduce long-term debt as issuances mature. We have made significant progress on collecting deferred fuel balances, which came down more than $400 million in the quarter. This continues to improve our credit metrics. Our net liquidity remained strong at $5.7 billion, including $406 million of storm escrows. Looking at Slide 9, our equity needs are unchanged. Only $130 million remains through 2024, and we plan to use the ATM program to meet this need.  As shown on Slide 10, we are affirming our guidance and longer-term adjusted EPS outlook. Weather has been a headwind to start the year, but we've also had a few tailwinds to our plan. Our first quarter sales mix resulted in slightly higher margins, and we see some favorability in several items that, in aggregate, are providing meaningful relief. After taking all of this into consideration, we are flexing O&M by $0.10, which keeps us comfortably in our guidance range. The bottom line is that we have a solid plan with good visibility, and we will continue to execute on the deliverables to achieve steady, predictable growth.  And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Kimberly Fontan: Thanks, Shahriar, for that question. As it relates to our capital plan, as you know, we have $16 billion through '23 through '25, and we've provided the financing for that, which includes a little bit that's left in '24. We have talked about -- the last time we talked about '25 was at Analyst Day, where we gave a number for '25 and '26. And I would expect as we turn the corner on '24, we would be looking at that financing more specifically. As it relates to your asset optimization question, certainly, we don't have anything to know here. But as you know, we would pursue that if it met our 3 basic grading criteria around. Is it executable? Does it distract? And does it create value? But certainly, to the extent that something met that criteria, we would look at it.
Kimberly Fontan: Thanks, Julien. It's early in the year. So we certainly have good line of sight on our ability to manage that through the rest of the year. There is some additional puts and takes that we would manage through depending on what happens. Obviously, if the weather is mild during the summer, we'd have to work through that. If it comes in more normal or hotter, then there may be opportunities to flex up.  For some specifics, certainly, we talked about last year that in 2022, the higher O&M was tied to higher volumes and we flex stuff, which helps us to derisk '23, and we're able to take advantage of some of that here. And then we've seen some favorability, as you probably saw in the materials around volumes in residential and commercials, and that may give us continued opportunity throughout the year if that continues to persist. The other area I would point out is interest expense, and we've been able to manage through some potential upside there as it relates to timing of debt issuances, for example.
Kimberly Fontan: Thanks, David. You're right. For the first quarter, we were down about $0.03, but our O&M doesn't occur ratably over the year. It's really tied, as I said, particularly last year, we ramped up with the higher volumes in second and third quarter. So I would expect to see assuming normal weather, a much more spread versus last year in O&M in that second, third and fourth quarter.
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, Ross, I think you're right in that there are small opinions in a number of categories beyond what you went through there. So you're right, a $0.10 in O&M. You've got the $0.5 and other and the weather volume there is about $0.05. And we saw that mix in the first quarter. And then you will see probably not specifically in the side, but just on a -- throughout the balance of the income statement, pennies here and there that balance the rest out.
Andrew Marsh: Yes, Shahriar, this is Drew. And it has been skewed and that's not where we want to be, frankly. So we are working hard to improve our self-build capabilities and leverage our economies of scale, find more financial discipline in the packages that we're putting together in those RFP processes so that we can improve. And we do believe that, that will happen.  But you're right, we haven't been hitting the mark, and that's important because it is creating some -- it's taking up some of the room in our balance sheet and limiting our operational and strategic flexibility in the long term. So we want to make sure that we get up to that number, and we're still working towards it.
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew. I want to add to what Rod was saying, just to make sure you caught it at the beginning of his comment, he actually answered the second of your question at the beginning on the second docket. And that second docket does actually create an ability for us to do the math on how the benefits and the costs should work. And specifically, it allows the economics of customer outages to be part of the conversation. And so there's a few mechanisms that they create for that. But that's an important piece of that framework that the staff established.
Andrew Marsh: Yes. And this -- Ross, it's Drew. So while we would certainly concede that $0.22 brings us lower than the midpoint, it's early in the year, and we wouldn't say that that's where we are at this point. We're just targeting the midpoint, and we expect to do better than that by the end of the year.
Andrew Marsh: Yes, I'll take that. So we've seen -- we talk about the drivers, and we have a couple of slides in there about the drivers. And as we've said for a number of years now, there's a lot of advantages to the Gulf Coast, and that's access to global and national markets and the available energy infrastructure, low energy prices, supportive communities, available workforce. All of that has been driving investment domestically towards the Gulf Coast and frankly, our service territory all the way up the Mississippi River. Now you've got the broken global supply chains, geopolitical uncertainty. You've got the tailwinds for the IRA. Before you even get to the IRA, we've seen a lot of onshoring and that's basically what our 6% is based on. And we see a lot of investment. We have -- the 6% is a probability-weighted assessment of where we think it will come out. That takes into consideration. Some projects don't always make it to the finish line. Some projects are a little delayed, all that kind of stuff. If all of it landed, it could be significantly larger than 6%, but that's not our planning assumption at this point. [Indiscernible] the tailwinds of the IRA and it could get bigger. The rules are still a bit uncertain associated with that, particularly around hydrogen, green hydrogen in particular. But we are seeing an awful lot of interest in the Gulf Coast area to try and take advantage of, frankly, the existing infrastructure that's already there. The hydrogen infrastructure, for example, we have production, we have consumption, we have transportation, we have storage and everything that you need to move hydrogen. And we have a lot of people that are coming to the Gulf Coast to try and take advantage of that existing infrastructure. I mean it is effectively a hydrogen hub already.  And similarly, we also have CO2 pipelines and CO2 consumption, CO2 production. And so carbon capture is going to be the game. There is existing infrastructure for that as well. And so folks are looking at all of that stuff and thinking about how to expand on that opportunity in the long term. And so we see a lot of exciting investment opportunities, in fact, when we were in Texas on Monday for the groundbreaking for Orange County. There was a lot of discussion about hydrogen, about carbon capture with state officials in Texas. They are excited about it. They're excited about the growth opportunities that they are seeing all of it as well, and they are very supportive of us having dispatchable generation to make sure that we can support that potential investment that we believe is on its way. So that's frankly what we're looking at. It's very exciting and a lot of opportunity ahead of us.
Andrew Marsh: Sure, Steve. I'll start, but then I'll kick it to Rod, who has the subject matter expertise in that particular area. But it is -- you're right, it is a little bit more constructive right now compared to where it was last fall. I know you had to -- thinking back to last fall, it's easy to forget that we had an election going on. They were contested elections. There was a lot of outside money in those elections, which were putting additional energy into the political process, and it was coming on the heels of a hot summer with escalating gas prices. And that was all just coming to a point as our securitization was showing up there. We believe that we still continue to have strong relationships in Louisiana and at all levels of the government and including the commission. And so we endeavor to work closely with them on an ongoing basis. But that's still -- we're not taking that for granted. That is something that we are very much focused on. We know that our commissioners are very focused on customer outcomes. And so we are as well. And so I'll turn it over to Rod to talk a little bit more.
Roderick West: It's Rod. Thanks for the question. Louisiana, in terms of stakeholder feedback, I think part of the answer is in the question that you asked. The fact that the staff submitted proposed rule-making around resiliency filings for all utilities in Louisiana, we view as reflective of a constructive stakeholder engagement strategy for the company over the course of the last 6 to 9 months in Louisiana. Because the proposed rule-making actually puts us in a position to be very much aligned given the strategy that we laid out for the commission, both in Louisiana and in New Orleans. And so the feedback has been constructive. So our expectation is, as you think about the procedural schedule that Louisiana laid out, they're backcasting from a January 2024 hearing date. Their procedural schedule backs up from that date to give us an opportunity to perhaps settle with stakeholders to accelerate agreement around the Louisiana decision-making on resiliency. So we view that as a net positive. New Orleans tracks Louisiana in that, we have clarity from the City Council on our initial proposal, which was $1.5 billion through that stakeholder engagement process. We narrowed down the grouping of projects to about $1 billion of the $1.5 billion. And that $500 million that didn't make the cut wasn't about a lack of agreement on the need for the projects, they just tracked on a different path outside of the accelerated resilience. So in both Louisiana and New Orleans, we view the stakeholder engagement feedback being positive and constructive, and the existence of procedural schedules in both the LPSC and the New Orleans City Council is consistent with our financial plan.
Roderick West: I'll also -- thanks, Drew. I'll also add that in New Orleans as we think about the $1.5 billion that we initially filed and the $1 billion sort of compliance filing after the feedback process, it's roughly 2/3 of the proposed CapEx and 80% of the customer benefits, just going with the $1 billion versus the $1.5 billion in the accelerated docket process. So again, we view the feedback as constructive in both Louisiana and the City of New Orleans today.
Roderick West: I think the short answer to both of the frames of your question is, settlement discussions will be aided by clarity from the FERC that we are awaiting with regard to the sale leaseback and the uncertain tax position ruling, as you recall from the December ruling and the procedural order out in this past February. So yes, there are ongoing conversations and settlement on all of the ancillary cases, but clarity around where the FERC sits on those 2 issues will go along the way towards setting the path for our -- our path forward on settlement. There's no -- yes, go ahead. I'm sorry.
Roderick West: I think that's a fair assessment, just given the positions that certain of the stakeholders have taken around their reaction to the December order. Clarity from the FERC will clear the lanes for ongoing discussions. There's also a timing element where we expect the FERC to act sooner rather than later in order to maintain jurisdiction vis-à-vis the Fifth Circuit and others. So we're expecting -- we don't have a date, but we are expecting FERC to act sooner to get ahead of what might be the appeals process if left unresolved.
Roderick West: Yes. There are a number of items in consideration. The one that we're certainly paying attention to has to do with resiliency filings from not just Entergy, but other utilities. There's 5 weeks left. So there -- the good thing is that it's been progressing nicely. The significant attribute that we're looking for in coming out of those resiliency filings would be the types of precedents that were set in Texas, where when we were making AMI filings in Texas, we were able to take assets that still had useful life out of service and replace them with the newer, more modern and in this case, more resilient assets and still be able to account for those undepreciated assets.  So we're tracking the progress of those various pieces of legislation to ensure that we have the appropriate flexibility with the commission to facilitate our resiliency and reliability investments in Texas. So it's moving along. Stakeholder engagement has been strong and quite active, but 5 weeks or so left in the session. So we'll continue to go at it.
Roderick West: Yes, I don't have the actual procedural schedule in front of me, Steve, but it's my appreciation that the Fifth Circuit process that includes or -- actually all of our utility jurisdictions. There's an appeals process at the Fifth Circuit that would impact FERC's ability to provide clarity around that December 23 decision. And so it's our appreciation from the lawyers that the FERC has an interest in resolving any lack of clarity in avoiding having to create a conflict jurisdictionally between the Fifth Circuits answer to the appeal from the parties and their ability to drive their respective order. And so that's what you hear in the hedge of sooner rather than later because we don't know exactly what that time frame is, but we recognize that, objectively, it is an issue.
Roderick West: Yes. And I think, Steve, your preface was on point. The fact that gas prices have come down and we have aided in providing relief to customers, and there's been some time since the election that's given us an opportunity to reengage with commissioners around our customer-centric strategy, I think it's proven very helpful. I will note that our most recent engagement with the commission was around vote on the gas business rate case. That was a big deal. The prudency of our Lake Charles -- our Lake Charles Power Station, along with the gas rate case was all 5 0 . And it is not insignificant that the proposed rulemaking from this path with regard to resiliency. That too was the result of the intentional work in part that we have -- we've done in engaging with the commission and our other stakeholders, especially the customers. So look, in response to the noise coming out of the elections and the end of the year, we've certainly ramped up our engagement processes to make sure that our commission and staff from related stakeholders are informed. But also, I want to be explicit in saying that the -- the fact that we have a new commissioner in Louisiana for us represents a new commission. Anytime there's a new addition to the commission, it's an opportunity for us to reassess, reset and reengage.  And we've been quite deliberate about doing that for the purpose of keeping alignment with the commission because we have a -- and you know this, we have a really aggressive regulatory agenda given all of the merit of customer-centric opportunities and investments we have in Louisiana and the growth in Louisiana is going to put a lot of pressure on the commission. And our engagement process is geared to help make their lives easier as we try to solve our customers' problems. But we get it, and it will be ongoing. It is not a thing where we check the box and say, oh, we have finished the work. The stakeholder engagement process is 24/7/365, Steve.
