Drew Marsh: Dan, this is drew. And so we previously discussed that for the first couple of years, we already had an expectation for bonus depreciation baked into our financials. And so getting out to 2018, there is really not much impact on our overall rate based expectation, in fact it still remains right in the middle of our previous ranges that we provided, so really quite minimal impact on us overall through the guidance range or through the outlook range.
Drew Marsh: I think it was mostly just minor project adjustments. I do think that there is any major elements in there that would be worth calling out at this point, I don’t think.
Drew Marsh: Dan this is Drew. And of course you have seen in the last couple of quarters, we have seen lower growth in the industrial sector, but the new and expanding customers have been growing in the industrial space about 3% and existing customers have been detracting from it about 2.5%. So we are expecting a little bit of that same thing in 2016.
Drew Marsh: And that’s consistent with where we were at sort of EEI November timeframe. The residential commercial expectations haven’t changed much.
Drew Marsh: Yes. So, Paul, it’s Drew. A couple of things there. So I think that it’s spread across a couple of different categories when you think about these impairments. There is an impairment piece that’s in net revenue for fuel. There is an impairment piece, which is in O&M for refueling outage expenses and then there is an impairment piece which is in depreciation for the asset itself. And so, we have actually broken down for you in the back, in the appendix, on Slides 46 and 47, we give a lot of detail about the plants that are sort of ongoing and the plants that are planned to be closed or are closed and talk about where you can see those impairment effects for those three buckets.
Drew Marsh: Yes. Well, I mean, it is. I mean if you think about all those plants that were impaired, they are still going to be operating in ‘16, so you are still going to see the effects of that stuff. Once you get into ‘17, as Bill said and we announced on January 27 we will be shutting down FitzPatrick, so you won’t see those same kind of effects as that starts to fall away. But Pilgrim and Palisades will still be there. So, you will still see those effects for those plants continue to go on. Now, once we refuel Pilgrim, I guess it will be a little bit different if we make that decision. And that would be I think those costs would be expensed if we go down that path. And so it will change things a little bit at that point, but you will still continue to see those impairment effects for those two assets, because they are still operating potentially beyond ‘17.
Drew Marsh: Yes. So, I think what changed there is the fact that we made decisions around the other single unit assets. So, Pilgrim, FitzPatrick and Vermont Yankee were all single unit assets. Palisades was the only remaining one out there, although it did have the contract. Because of our decisions for the other three, we had to again more closely assess the probabilities associated with the life expectancy of the Palisades unit. And when we did that, it failed the accounting test for the impairment. And we are continuing to operate the plant till 2022. The operational decision is different than the accounting decision. We will make a decision around Palisades when it’s appropriate to do that out in the future and that will depend on the circumstances that exist at that time, the market conditions at that time, etcetera. But from an accounting perspective, we are forced by our other actions to take a close look at the Palisades unit.
Drew Marsh: This idea was something that we originated, the idea of a midpoint outlook back at Analyst Day in 2014. And our expectation at that point of time was that by the time we got out to that date, because it was pretty far out there that our midpoint expectation might shift around a little bit. And so what we tried to do is signal to everybody about where it would land. But when we get out to that point, we would give you the actual guidance and give you a midpoint for where that would be. So, I guess similar to ‘16, where we landed at $4.35, which was at the bottom of our range of potential midpoints. I guess there could be a little bit above or below the ranges that we are talking about. But so I guess the answer to your question directly, yes, there could be a little bit above or below in those out-years, but we are not at this point communicating anything differently than just the range that we have.
Drew Marsh: In ‘16, I think it’s about $50 million of capital that would fall into that category, and I think that’s on Slide 40. And then I think if there are any fuel expenses, if we would make that again, that decision to shutdown Pilgrim, there could be some additional expenses that ends up in that same category. But I think that’s what we will be talking about, Stephen, mainly.
Drew Marsh: Well it is – it would otherwise be considered capital, but because of the situation where those plants are expected to shutdown, the accounting will force us to put that as an expense. So you will see it in the as reported as an expense, that $50 million in capital. We will break it out for you as a special item, so you can understand what that is. But that’s the way it would be portrayed I believe in the financial statement.
Drew Marsh: I don’t know that – have that number in front of me right now, so we will have to give that to you later Stephen.
Drew Marsh: I will answer that. So just from a financial perspective, we don’t have any costs beyond 2016. From an operational perspective in the NRC, I think there is a longer process there that goes on. And so while we may stop incurring costs, it may be a little bit longer into 2017. I think there is a possibility it could go even longer than that, but I don’t believe that would be necessarily our expectation that the NRC would make a rating change there.
Drew Marsh: Praful I think what we said is we expect our cash tax rate to be around 10% through that period that you are talking about. And as I mentioned earlier, bonus depreciation was baked in for a good bit of that, so we would expect it to be about the same over that timeframe.
Drew Marsh: Well, I am not sure that, that’s something that we would need to do a lot of at the moment. Certainly, there is always things that we want to accomplish, but really that’s going to depend on the environment as we go forward, we go forward with the grid modernization, we go forward with AMI, we go forward with different things than what we have today that might require some further collaboration with those folks. But right now, we have got to make a filing under the first forward-looking FRP and get that underway before we started worrying about changing things.
Leo Denault: Dan, this is the Leo. I think from our perspective, we would rank that confidence higher, a little higher than we had say few years ago at the analyst meeting, because primarily a lot of the projects have advanced relative to that point in time and also we have gotten a better line of sight on what’s really happening from an economic perspective as it relates to what you are seeing with commodity markets. As we talked about at EEI, as you look ‘15 through ‘18, basically 95% of that growth or what we call new and expansion projects were related to projects that were in advance stages. And we continued to see that to be the case. That’s not to say that we see some projects, smaller projects, maybe falloff as we have gone forward. And if you also recall at EEI, that 95%, about 70% was made up of basically a handful of large projects that were in advance stages and those projects were primarily in the steel and ethane cracker, we did have an LNG project. We also have projects in the ammonia area, as well as methanol. So it was spread across a lot of various segments. As we continue to get closer and as we move closer in time to the expected construction, data completion dates of these projects, clearly we get more visibility around where those projects are just by the sheer passage of time. I think the other thing that we have gotten more visibility around is what’s going on with our existing customers and got more granularity as to what’s happening in that particular area. We don’t really see much growth when we talk about the 4% to 5% coming from our existing customer base. But as we have talked about in the past, our existing customers are large industrial customers are on fixed rate – fixed demand charge type contracts and so while we may see any volumetric fluctuations, we really don’t see accompanying fluctuations in revenue when you talk about downside situations. So I think our confidence is higher. I mean clearly, as Drew said in his script, there are still existential factors that can affect what we are seeing. But we monitor this on a very regular basis and we need to try to get as much intelligence around this as we possibly can, both from a customer perspective as well as the macroeconomic perspective.
Leo Denault: I mean I would expect that there is always the risk they could do worse. But we have adjusted our expectation around that group based on what we see and what we know today. And we did adjust it downwards as compared to where we were a number of months ago.
Leo Denault: Okay. I think when we think about growth in kind of the non-industrial sector for ’16. First, I would start by saying if you look at the quarterly GSP across the Gulf South region, we see numbers probably anywhere from 2.5% to 4% in the ‘16, ‘17 timeframe. Also I think if you look at what we have experienced even in ‘15 for the companies within that region, we have residential sales growth ranging from 1.5% to about 3.5% on a weather adjusted basis. We had commercial sales growth basically in the 1% to 2% on a weather adjusted basis in that area. And so as we look forward, we see for example on the commercial side, major projects that happened in ‘15 that will have a full year effect in ‘16, that contribute to what we view as a fairly reasonable sales growth expectation on the commercial side. In the residential area, we do – are seeing pockets of what we call maybe the multiplier effect related to the industrial growth that we see again in that Gulf South, Gulf Coast regional area. And I would also say that one thing that we take advantage of in 2016 is another day of kilowatt hour sales that have some small impact on our expectation in 2016 as well. So, around 1%, which is where we are when you adjust, when you take out the total growth and the impact of industrial, again, macroeconomic effects, we see – or impacts we could see at the industrial level, we could see at the residential and commercial. But we have as I said in response to Dan’s question we have done a lot of work around updating our expectations relative to that. And at this point, we feel fairly comfortable with where we are.
Leo Denault: I would say you mean ‘15 over ‘16 in terms of not much of a change or that was just where we were thinking…
Leo Denault: If you look at ‘15 weather-adjusted, I think residential was about 0.6%, commercial was about 0.4%. I think what we are seeing in ‘16 and our assumption is something closer to 1%.
Leo Denault: Paul, this is Leo. Just this may or may not be helpful, but what we expect is the midpoint of the guidance to fall within that range.
Leo Denault: So Parful that’s a good question. One thing to keep in mind, as you look at that capital plan, as you said, the generation piece of this is driven primarily by every year that goes by new technologies, improve the heat rate, cost efficiency, the environmental output of the new plants plus the old plants get older and more costly. So as time progresses, certainly we have the ability to benefit our customers with a more reliable, more environmentally friendly and lower production cost unit. And so we are doing that over time just like anyone would. It just so happens that this kind of seems to happen in big chunks in terms of when the facilities are required. So we are in the process of doing that. Recall that we have never been long generation also, so we are short – we anticipate being short generation out into the middle of the next decade even with if we were to have significantly lower growth. So the need for the generation will continue to exist and what we have mentioned before is we have some flexibility around the timing as it relates to the CTs. We have the deactivations of the units and certainly PPAs that roll off, that are all part of the mix. So it’s a combination of the need, but it’s also us making sure we have a risk mitigation strategy for the company and for its customers associated with how we put that in place. So I know there is no – at this industrial load growth number that we would give you that we say we no longer need this investment. But the fact of the matter is we would continue to be short with the ability to be in MISO and utilize the market over time as we go out there. And we won’t see that changing under too many scenarios. The transmission investment is driven in large part by changing reliability requirements, similar type of activity as it relates to new technologies and the ability to improve the operations of the system as we go forward plus again, the age of the infrastructure requires some upgrading as well. As does our entry into MISO provide us with the opportunity to make deliverability of assets that before we couldn’t into the market going forward as well. So in the transmission that we are doing from a reliability standpoint, a lot of that like the Lake Charles project, a lot of the load that we are going to serve there is already there, so it’s beefing up of the reliability, improving the infrastructure plus load growth that we already see under construction. So that’s pretty solid as well under a variety of load growth scenarios. And then as we talked about before, we are also embarking on the MI side of things and as we go forward, there could be other things that would certainly show up, that could either replace things that may or may not fall out or upwards than that capital growth going forward on the distribution side, which is going to become more and more important again in the benefit – to benefit our customers. So I guess the bottom line here is there is an opportunity for us to continue to invest this capital because of structure is and where the state of the technology is. And we are also managing it in a real risk mitigation kind of strategy. Again, not getting long on the generation side, not getting out of our skis on the transmission side and I would like to make sure that we are well within the balance of anything that might happen on a load growth point of view. But you are right, the main benefits that we have from load growth are that it continues to provide us with that competitive advantage, whereas I mentioned in my script, we are today over 25% below the national average in our rates, that contributes to our ability to attract new business into the region so that we have the capability to do that more. And so things like the Continental Tire example that I mentioned and all the steps that’s under construction that Leo mentioned, all of those, in addition to us managing our cost levels, the decline in natural gas prices, all of that go to contribute to that, rate advantage continuing and hopefully growing over time. And so, you can’t really say at what load growth you not do the capital, it’s very robust over a variety of load growth scenarios, but we have to be mindful of the risk mitigation strategies that we would in place when we build those new plants or those CTs, but also other costs pending that we can do as it relates to our normal O&M, fuel costs and production costs as we put these new plans in place for example, that help us maintain that advantage. That’s kind of – it’s more complicated than just one number, I guess would be the answer. But it’s pretty robust across a variety of load growth scenarios.
Leo Denault: Well, I would say, first of all there is no argument that we have had with anybody on anything. And I know you just used that term, but I don’t want that to be a term that’s out there. The fact of the matter is that all of our jurisdictions, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Texas, all of them, we are all interested in the exact same thing. We are all interested in growing the economies of the jurisdictions in the states in which we operate and same with the city of New Orleans. We have spent a lot of time with all those jurisdictions, including Arkansas sitting down with them. Our jurisdictional CEOs have done a wonderful job. Their regulatory folks have done a wonderful job. Theo has done a wonderful job of making sure that we sit down and find common ground with all of them around bettering the economy of the state. And Charles, I started out with the four stakeholders and our objectives for them around the first quartile TSR, first quartile customer satisfaction, etcetera, we bring jobs to the state, we do good for the company, we could do good for the community, we could do good for the employees, it’s great for the political environment as well. So all we have done is we have sat down and discussed that with our regulators as well as the politicians in our regions to describe to them our desire to participate in that with them and help them achieve their objectives. And so what we have crafted in Texas with riders, in Arkansas with the forward-looking FRP, with Mississippi with the forward features at FRP, the way assets are recovered in Louisiana and New Orleans, etcetera. What we have accomplished with them is that common ground about how giving us the financial flexibility to make you all comfortable with the investments that we have through the regulatory process helps us attract the Big River steels, the Sasols of the world, the Continental Tires of the world to come to our region, to buy power from us, to help us invest in the infrastructure and create tens of thousands jobs. We are working on this together to be able to do that. So, I wouldn’t say that anybody won the day in Arkansas other than the State of Arkansas and we participated in that in a small way and they worked together with us to create something that allowed us to do that. And I would say that it’s no different than the workforce development program that I mentioned in my script. We are spending $5 million over the next 5 years to help train people to work at those plants that we have helped attract. And that’s good for all four of our stakeholders as well as we do that. So, it really has been the last few years of extraordinary collaboration, foresight buyer regulators and us listening to them as much as them listening to us.
