Leo Denault: Reza, utilization of the NOL is based on a variety of factors. One is taxable income over that time period, so it's going to be dependent upon what cash taxes we would ordinarily be looking at based on the net income to taxable income over that period. Also we utilized it effectively based on, excuse me, deposits against it, alternative minimum tax things like that. So under normal circumstances, that's – with normal income, no hurricanes, no significant events kind of six-year time frame based on what we would be looking at for net income is probably the best way to estimate that.
Leo Denault: Well, we took the deduction on our tax return. As far as a done deal, things that happen in the process you go through from the time you take a deduction to the time it's fully resolved with the IRS, Paul, as you know can go on for a number of years. Typically, it's going to be several years before that year comes under audit and then there's going to be a determination of where the IRS and the company think it would go and then it would be ongoing issues that we have that could stretch it out anywhere from five to ten years. Typically you don't resolve the years in audit for seven to ten years after you've filed that return. So a done deal is a long-term process. The way those work is you take a tax deduction, you have a case – that obviously we believe it's a good deduction and we'll deposit against that, we reserve against those on our earnings going forward and it will get resolved in due course as we work through the process with service.
Leo Denault: Yeah. That's part of it and that includes obviously the benefit of vis-a-vis last year where we actually had $0.24 of impairment to (inaudible) the decommissioning trusts as well.
Leo Denault: I'm sorry. I didn't quite get the last part, David, but yeah. If the cash would be available if we – if things turned out the way we have them – if we invest more in generation or invest more in the utility than what we have in the plan, certainly that would utilize some of that $5 billion, but the $5 billion is an outgrowth of the 5 to 6% if that's what your last.
Leo Denault: Michael, it's Leo. I'll start with hedging and then and then Gary can handle the Louisiana FRP. As far as hedging goes we – as part of Entergy, we haven't changed the hedging standards or the hedging limits around the nuclear business. And we never did change them specifically to match what the Enexus hedging policies may have been. We had a view of what the hedging standards with limit would be given the different financial policies and dividend profile and balance sheet and liquidities on Enexus. But we didn't institute that as part of Entergy. As part of Entergy, we have continued to manage those assets from a risk management perspective – the same as we always have. With just the acknowledgement that we tried not to lock ourselves into something that would prohibit executing on the Enexus point of view and the Enexus risk limits going forward. And so it hasn't changed and now it won't change versus what we've done in the past. Market activity could dictate changes in our limits. Our point of view could dictate selling more than the limits would say or less than the limits would say, based on the point of view that matches up to not only what's going on in the market. But then also keeping in mind that we still own some stilly subsidiaries, we still pay a dividend. We still have liquidities on both sides of the business. So the things that would change it are the same things that would have in the past. But we haven't made any changes prior to now and we aren't planning on any big changes right now.
Leo Denault: Well, there's a lot of things that can move power prices other than just the price of gas. Certainly things like the Marcellus shale and other (inaudible) terminals and the like particularly with shale gas – obviously is having a big impact on the price of power in the near-term. And the basis differentials between the hub and the northeast have changed significantly because of that. But the other things that are going to have impact on the northeast particularly as it relates to heat rate. I think those have a lot of issues that just potentially haven't been built into the market. Whether it's existing environmental regulations and legislation on existing things, like mercury and SOx and NOx or whether it's CO2. Also if you look at what's gone on with the demand side management in those regions. There's a significant amount of demand side management that's projected to show up in both New England and in New York as well as thousands of megawatts of wind development, of which not a lot of it is there yet and we're seeing some headwinds against some of that. So really the gas price side of it is one that's difficult to predict – difficult to predict where it's going to happen with shale, difficult to predict what the marginal cost of that's going to be. But I think there is a lot of people looking at that and the market has a lot of that information built into it. I think where you're going to find most of the information lacking in the market and where we'd probably be more bullish than on gas is on the heat rate side of the equation as it relates to what's going to happen with wind, what's going to happen transmission, what's going to happen with demand side programs, what's going to happen with coal retirements and what's going to happen in nonpayment areas.
Leo Denault: That's correct, Marc. And it's – there's – in the regulated world to set up the – a regulatory asset associated with the recovery of the change in the tax law. So the fact that it's no longer a tax benefit associated with the Medicare Part D. We'll be able to recover that through rates in the normal course so that is set up as regulatory asset. Given that we're not rate regulated on the merchant side of the business, we don't have that capability. So we had about a $16 million charge. Not quite the $1 billion that AT&T was looking at but it's the same issue.
Leo Denault: No. It's a normal course expense and it will get recovered in normal course rate making going forward.
Leo Denault: On a weather adjusted basis, the sales were about what we expected. Certainly, there was a significant amount of upside in the cold weather that we had in the first quarter.
Leo Denault: The – as far as the first quarter goes, given where we were in the regulatory process around the spin, Dan, that's really what it all boils down to. And as you'll recall, the $750 million was an authorization that was designed to capture what we believed that the business model in the current structure could support over the course of the next year, but it would also be part of the authorization we get ultimately in the spin-off when we did that. So it was going to show up in one form or the other either as part of the big recapitalization in the spin-off or as part of the current business structure over the course of the year. And so in both cases it just when we were in the spin discussions, the program just didn't get implemented in the first quarter.
Leo Denault: We haven't ventured into – given the nature of our plants, Dan, any kind of shape or full requirements type of transactions associated with that. We're still by and large still on a blocks powered, base load, on a unit contingent basis out of those plants going forward. The strategic issues that Wayne talked about a little bit ago, part of the thinking around those always does gravitate back to is there a way that you could provide different products and service firmer products or shaped products with complementary assets or what have you. But currently, with the existing fleet it's on the same basis it has been.
Leo Denault: At the moment, we don't see enough to have justified any of the investments we have to make to be able to provide that product. So I guess that's the way we would look at it is – up against an investment in a different asset or construction of a combustion turbine or acquisition of power at a price that would allow us to do that. And how to pay off at the rate of return we haven't seen any of those opportunities yet, but we continue to look at them. As Wayne said, there's a lot of them out there and actually, the flow of that kind of activity has picked up over the course of the last, I'd say, six months or so.
Wayne Leonard: I will say we disagree with that. And there are many legal standards that we will challenge that under – that's their point of view.
Wayne Leonard: Yeah. I really don't have a preference on that. We had an obviously – we had an obligation to serve on the regulatory side and we're going to meet that obligation to serve. In some places where we're not allowed a fair return on the business, we have to be very careful on how we make those investments and how much we spend. Because we obviously have a fiduciary obligation to all of you and we have to do and we have – as part of our obligations, we need to take self-help measures to make sure we don't bankrupt the company even though we have an obligation to serve. So that may mean some impacts on service in order to meet our other obligations to maintain financial viability. Where we are getting a fair returns and timely returns then obviously we're going to err on the side like we've indicated of trying to comply to the best possible way with our regulators own desires and interests in how much transition we build and what type of resources we have – whether it's renewable or whether its something else or how much our portfolio looks like, whether we rely upon gas or whether we use other sources. We've got a lot of flexibility to do those things consistent with public policy and which is what we much prefer to do. On the unregulated side, it's a lot more tricky because we're looking at these issues that you've all discussed and you're all concerned with, in terms of what the pipe is going to be, given the amount of uncertainty that we have here and that's much harder to predict. As hard as it is to predict regulatory actions they are at least bound by the law in many respects on the returns you're going to get. And when you're in the marketplace, as particularly for environmental regulations today and with some of the new entrants in the market, like Leo mentioned the shale gas, that become much difficult. I won’t say that we are – we obviously have a point of view that environmental regulations are going to get tougher. Whatever it is – it's going to get tougher. So we're very conscious of that and we do any analysis of adding to the portfolio in the northeast. But we do believe that the portfolio is valuable whether it's perfectly clean as it is today with all nuclear or whether it's added other resources to that it are almost clean. They're almost perfectly clean. So we continue to look at all options. There's a lot of assets still out there. Seems like there isn't, but there are in terms of consolidation, in terms of ideas on joint operation and in terms of ways to maximize the value of everyone's portfolio. And we're taking a hard look at those things. Obviously, the rating agencies concerns in that regard mean something to us, but they're not going to be controlling the decisions that we make if they're in the best interest of our shareholders and we believe – and the market believes we're still on sound financial footing with whatever we do.
Wayne Leonard: Well, hopefully you'll get them as things sort themselves out. Sometimes the opportunity shows up on your doorstep when you least expect it. So that may happen before now and next year, but certainly between now and next year, as things proceed particularly with climate legislation and things of that nature and some of the other environmental issues – we'll be able to give you a clearer picture of what it is we'd like to do if it's not something we've already done.
Wayne Leonard: Dan, this is Wayne. As you recall, we talked a lot about our board retreat and that was held right at the very last week of March. And given that the somewhat the surprise nature of the turn of events in New York over that last three or four months. We kept our board up to date with various telephonic calls and things of that nature. But we really believed that it was important face to face with them, where we had a week to put the numbers in front of them under various scenarios and strategies. And just get a sense that they believe that our financial situation was as robust as we did to continue with the buyback. And we felt like it was a prudent thing to do and that's one of the reasons.
Mark Savoff: Okay. Thanks. Right now, we have one RFP that's in process. That's the 2009 summer RFP. We're looking for 1000 megawatts of longer term resources – longer term being greater than five years and we expect that to go into production – those resources to go into production in the summer of 2011. We're also looking for 550 megawatts of so megawatts combined cycle capacity in the New Orleans area to go online in 2015. We've already reviewed all of the submittals. We're going to issue the preliminary notifications in July and we expect to strike on definitive agreements by the fourth quarter – by December of this year. That will give us the capacity and generation that we need moving forward.
Mark Savoff: No. They have. They would be – we have a self-build option that's included in there as well as power purchases and potential asset purchases.
Mark Savoff: Well, we're continuing to be – well first off, the plant's at an outage right now. And we shut down last Saturday and during that outage, there's some additional work that's going to be completed to reroute some of the pipes that were actually leaking. We're in the middle of pumping the ground water out and treating the ground water and recycling the ground water to the plant. And we just completed, this week the additional shoring to ensure that we can remove the soil that was contaminated in a very safe manner. And that will actually take place beginning next week – the removal of approximately 150 cubic feet of that soil. So we've identified what the problem is. We know how to resolve the problem and we're continuing to go ahead and complete all of the action items that we have on our punch list to finish that problem. In addition to that, we're continuing with our fleet wide initiative to pay the industry leader in tritium mitigation and that is well in progress. We're continuing with our six-step program – to implement our six-step program on that. So we're moving along on that.
Mark Savoff: Right now, just at Vermont Yankee, it's probably – at this time, we spent about $5 million and we anticipate to spend a couple more million dollars on that. And then to implement our fleet wide program, the initial seed money is about $1 million on that.
