Leo Denault: John, as far as the hedging goes, it’s primarily driven by point of view. As it relates to organizational structure, certainly the kinds of things we do over changing. So, in large part your activity, you will notice a big change as I’ve mentioned before. We did organizational shift, but it’s around the way we approach things. The analytics we have, all of that is going to be improved, but that may help shape our point of view if we get better data than maybe we had in the past, but certainly it’s point of view based.
Leo Denault: We had planned a -- we have been working on the potential uprate at one of our non-utility nuclear plant. And just with conditions where they are in the markets and things like that, we just – isn’t something that we think we’re going to pursue at this time.
Leo Denault: Comment on specific transactions. The –it’s something we’re aware of various things that are going on in the industry, but we did stick with our historical policy really not to comment on things of that nature.
Leo Denault: Typically if you are looking at in the past, we’ve been somewhere between one to two years in that kind of timeframe depending on the complexity.
Leo Denault: Yeah, I mean we are going to end up with a little more generation, but certainly the market prices have changed and hence while we hedged out so much.Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Okay. Thank you.
Leo Denault: Well, the biggest piece of that has to do with taxes and a favorable tax court ruling that we have associated with just in the scheme of how these things play themselves through the 1998 issue.
Leo Denault: It’s possible. We are looking at given today’s interest rate environment, we are looking at, again we did over 900 million at the Utilities as well. So we are looking at both the Utilities and the Parent for more opportunities there.
Leo Denault: As far as it relates to the revolver, anything that we have with covenants and those that may or may not be an issue, certainly not an issue at the moment. As far as the revolver comes due in 2012, we’ll continue to look at what the right timing and structure for that going forward. And as far as it relates to buyback it’s really more than overall issues not related specifically to revolver in anyway Tom, it’s more related to a combination of business mix of cash flow production and credit ratings all mixed into one, making sure we have the right liquidity profile, et cetera. So, it’s not specifically related to the revolver in terms of what we may or may not do with repurchases. I will say that as it relates to the financing that we done, currently the longer time financing, we did had some longer term debt that was in place between 2002 and 2005 timeframe that matured during the tendency of the spin and as that matured rather than replace it, we were looking at re-capitalization coming out of the spin, so we didn’t take advantage of anything at that point in time. So, nearly the billion – there is about a billion for that debt at the Parent level at that time. So, we’ve got a $1 billion of longer term debt now, we can necessarily say that it’s anything different than where we stood before we started the spin-off process, not really turning out the revolver, it’s just really re-capitalizing the way we were already beforehand. And at this point, we don’t have any plans that any incremental debt that we will do at the Parent or any more financing we will do at the Parent, we wouldn’t intend that currently to be incremental debt. Again, it’s all function of our liquidity profile and cash flow metrics on what’s going on in non-utility business and what our credit ratings are, they’re all part and parcel to that decision.
