Drew Marsh: So I'll address the cost so far. So, I think there's kind of two buckets of costs that we're looking at, some of them are incident response costs and those include things like more PP&E, hand sanitizer, masks and things like that. There's also cleaning costs associated with that and then costs associated with moving people around and things like that. Those types of dollars at this point are fairly limited. We expect them for the year to be somewhere in the $15 million range and we've incurred less than half of that so far. We're anticipating as we get back to work, there will be more cleaning costs, for example and more PP&E that we have to provide over the course of the year. The other bucket of costs is related to potential bad debt expense. And that is, we haven't incurred anything of that nature to-date and we probably won't for awhile, but those costs we would expect to incur as well. In terms of the magnitude of that, historically, we've seen about $25 million of bad debt expense. And we have in past experiences like 2008, 2009 financial crisis or Katrina, Rita, that kind of environment, we've seen anywhere from $10 million to $20 million of incremental bad debt expense in a year. Of course this could be a little bit worse than that, and we're working hard to make sure that we mitigate that. Leo mentioned new payments plans, working to make sure that our customers have access to funds and information on how to access the paycheck protection program. And as I also mentioned in my remarks, we're trying to accelerate some future regulatory liability payments due today to try and mitigate some of those impacts on customer bills. So, all of that plays into trying to make sure that customer bills are as low as possible to mitigate what the bad debt expense might ultimately be as well.
Drew Marsh: There was a lot in that. I will start with the customer trends seen and then talk about O&M, and then finish with CapEx. So on the customer trends piece, the expectation in our outlook right now is that our sales will be about 1% below what we were planning in '21 and '22. Obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty associated with that. So, we are also running scenarios to think about what it might be if it's something lower than that. Once we get out a couple of years, we should have gone through regulatory processes and each jurisdiction and that should help us. But at the same time, we are also working on, okay, so what other O&M management tools might we have at our disposal to work our way through that. The further we get out, the more sustainable we really need these cost changes to be unlike this year. This year as we mentioned there's a lot of onetime items and we're trying to look for additional continuous improvement and O&M category that is more sustainable. But we'll really need to rely on our skills to develop that, those opportunities as we go forward to manage that a little bit more. There will always be one time levers within a given years that we have, but we will, on a long term basis, we’ll want to rely on continuous improvement. And then finally, in regards to growth CapEx, we currently don't have any plans to change our growth capital or our capital at all for that matter. We think it's important for our communities and our customers for us to continue to make those investments. We think we have the capacity and liquidity to do that, there's no concerns there. If for some reason it was lower for longer from a sales perspective, it might start to shift around the nature of that capital. So for example, if we no longer needed some transmission capital to meet NERC reliability standards, there maybe other capital that we think would be very important for our customers in the distribution space. So, there's a lot of levers still to manage things going forward but hopefully that answers all the nuances of your one question.
Drew Marsh: And I'll just add, you asked about the rate path. Our expectation for the rate path is that we would still be at or below inflation. Now, you have to take into account the excess ADIT that we have been given back last year, if you lead off of 2019 but it's still a very low growth rate for our rates and our bill path. And then you asked about ROEs. As Leo was talking about, we have an important role to play in the community right now in terms of putting capital to work to not only benefit our customers, but also to drive economic activity. And in order to do that, we have to make sure that we maintain adequate credit and liquidity, and our retail regulars know that we've been in conversations with him about that. And so they were also committed to make sure that we have the credit and liquidity we need to do the things that are required to support our customers and our communities. So I think that will help address some of the ROE question as well.
Drew Marsh: So we are closely monitoring that spread, that's one of the ones that we pay close attention to as well for the very reason that you mentioned. And obviously near-term that spread is not as healthy as it has been historically, but we do expect it to return to where it was and continue to provide economic advantage for our Gulf Coast industrial customers going forward. And we do see those spreads and others like them being healthy if you look out on a long-term basis. But we recognize the near-term they're a little bit more challenged. It does not change some of the other advantages that we do have that I listed off in my remarks, but that is one that we are paying close attention to.
Drew Marsh: The main one is the IRS settlement, which we completed in the quarter. That settlement had to do with securitization costs for several years ago. And while there is a tax benefit on the tax line, much of that is offset in the revenue through customer give backs, and that is net about $0.05 only. The other stuff is like the stock-based compensation that's just annual true ups that occur each year, whenever stock vests and we true up from a tax perspective. There is no true up from a GAAP perspective, that's why there's a difference there.
Drew Marsh: I think that's still a good number. We're very careful about the way that we are moving liabilities forward. They are either increasing rate base, because they are coming out or we are discounting them to make sure that we are economically neutral, such that we have more cash flow in the future. So, that's the -- either way we should have the financing headroom to move some of those liabilities forward. It's going to -- those kinds of choices will impact the current year's FFO to debt ratio, but there should be a little bit better headroom in that ratio going forward as a result.
Drew Marsh: That's an excellent question, Jonathan. I wish I knew what inflation was going to be. We use 2% as a rule of thumb for that kind of the benchmark that we look at adding $3 trillion of fiscal stimulus. We don't really know what that will do for inflation.
Drew Marsh: Yes, there’re two different bases. The one on Slide 15 is versus our original guidance. And as you will recall, we were planning to be up about 6%, or 5.5% to 6%, 6.5, I can't remember the exact number. And you subtract that with 7% you get into the...
Drew Marsh: This is Drew. And thanks Steve for picking that up. We didn't quite get to it on Julien's question. So we appreciate you re-asking it. The impact is laid out in the queue, as Leo mentioned, there are a lot of details. There's two components to the ruling that came through associated with lease payments and uncertain tax positions and the amounts are in there. The lease payments is a little bit unclear, because the calculation from the ALJ wasn't provided specifically. So we don't -- the bottom line is, we don't think there will be a very large impact there. The larger one is the uncertain tax positions. And as the ALJ laid it out, if you include the refund and the interest, it looks like it's close to about $600 million. As Leo mentioned, we believe that, we have the right policy perspectives and that the ALJ's ruling is interim and the FERC is the one that would drive policy decisions. And we would also note that in that calculation even though the ALJ wrote about it, the ALJ did not include offsets that are included, that you might include in there like interest that we've been paying to the IRS for the position overtime. And that would reduce that $600 million down to a little less than, or probably a little bit more than half of what the ALJ put out. And of course the overall impact of that would basically be the financing costs of whatever that number would ultimately be.
Drew Marsh: Well, the lease payments, they indicated that the lease payment would not be able to continue, that's what the ALJ wrote, which is about $17 million a year. And then of course the onetime would be a change in our rate base on an ongoing basis for deferred tax positions. So, we'd have that as well.
Drew Marsh: Yes, it's not permanent. The timing of it, some of it depends. We're already working to offset, because some of it is deferrals to 2021. So, we're working to even offset those in 2021 in our forecast. But I would say that they're just one time and they don't really relate to future periods at this point.
Drew Marsh: We were saying that we were going to come in at about $2.65 billion for utility in parent O&M and that we're going to keep that flat.
Drew Marsh: We have said that we expected to be net cash positive to the parent not by a lot but by a little. And as we get closer to the end, it's trending to zero because we're very much close to the end of EWC. But right now, it's still net cash positive to the parent.
Leo Denault: Yes, this is Leo . I just want to add from the standpoint of pulling the levers. The process that we're utilizing right now, while it's kind of accelerate a little bit is same process we were using last year, for example, to flex up and down. So, the process had actually, as you noticed in the first quarter, the process had already begun, because we knew we were going to be challenged by a traditional headwind, which was weather in the first quarter. So those processes year-on-year are going to be the same ones that we have kind of developed as part of the culture and the DNA of the company and just the planning process. And the continuous improvement that we mentioned is something that we were working through as well and obviously, we'll even find some continuous improvement I think out of response to the event that will help us going forward. And then I just wanted to really jump in on the capital plan. And obviously, the capital plan is a major reliability improvement to our customers is what it's been about. And with 90% of this, greater than 90% of the capital plan, all being about a technological improvement and reliability in the service level that we provide our customers, whether it's through AMI or even replacing old generation with new gas fired generation of renewables that we're adding to the footprint. So all of it is customer enhancing. And as Drew mentioned and as we've talked about before, we have a significant amount of opportunity within the distribution and customer solutions space that could step up and take place in any, for example, transmission investment that that might get shifted around. But an important aspect of where we sit today and this has been the extent of the dialog that we've had with the states, whether it’d be at the administration level or at the regulatory level. The biggest problem that the United States has at the moment is unemployment in addition outside of obviously the virus. And we are in a position to step forward with the capital plan and to make sure that we keep people working. And I'm just going to give you a couple of statistics that might be useful for you to think about. During the storms that we had over Easter weekend in Arkansas, we obviously had to restore power and that was a pretty significant event. But as we restored power, we had about 2,000 people in Arkansas staying in hotel rooms that otherwise they wouldn't have stayed and eating meals otherwise wouldn't have been eating. So there was an effective 13,000 nights in hotel rooms that occurred only because Entergy was there. There was an effective 40,000 meals that were served only because Entergy was there. That is the kind of economic impact that we have, not just on the people we hire whether it’d be our employees or our contractors. But as we go into the community and there's those multiplier effects that we talk about quite often that are significant that usually are put up thereby an economist at LSU or something like that. But these are real people serving real meals to our employees that were probably working that week, but not the week before or the week after. So, the capital plan is important for more than just improving the reliability of the system and the service level that we provide our customers. It's important to those communities as well.
Leo Denault: And Steve, I'll just add that the timing of all that matters a lot. So if the current economic environment lingers through the summer and there people are more at home than what we're planning, because they're not working that could be a sales improvement for us, because of the higher residential load that we typically experience in the summer time. So, if it were to linger all the way through the end of the year of course the summer would end then it would fall back into what we kind of expecting on the second quarter, which would not be as positive but the timing of it does matter.
Leo Denault: At this point in time no. As you recall, Michael, the new generation is typically replacing older generation with a much more efficient lower cost, more environmentally sound unit. So, this is all part of that portfolio transformation strategy that we've had where the net adds to our capacity are relatively small compared to the amount of generation that we're at. I think actually within the next year, we may tear down three old plants and we're deactivating units as well. And up till this past year when we put couple of new units in service, we were pretty well as many megawatts that we added that's what we were deactivating. So it's not -- as I mentioned earlier, when you look at the capital plan, over 90% of the capital plan is driven by this improvement in the level of service through a technological overhaul across all four functions that we invest in, whether it's generation, transmission, distribution or customer solutions and that is going to continue. And as Drew mentioned, to the extent some of our reliability investment in transmission is kind of like Lake Charles project was a couple of years ago, after the fact beefing up the system to serve load that had already been there to the extent that that might change where we've got a whole host of distribution and customer solutions opportunities that could take its place, a lot of which actually drive down the cost while they improve the level of service for customers. So, they're a good a good option for us to make. So, I know it's a bit of a long answer to your question, Michael. But keep in mind, 90 plus percent of the capital plan is driven by that reliability improvement, technological improvement across the system and benefiting customers. And then obviously in the near-term, we're overlaying on that fact that there's lot of jobs created by the work we do. And if there's one thing everybody can agree on, more people need to be working today rather than fewer.
Roderick West: I'll start on the FRPs and perhaps Drew will follow up. In Louisiana and Arkansas, Mississippi and New Orleans, we've just mentioned that four of our five jurisdictions had FRPs in effect, where those FRPs are working as designed. And to the extent that the COVID costs might operate beyond the FRPs, we have the accounting orders that we just referenced. We're seeking to renew the FRPs in Louisiana and Arkansas, and Mississippi. We don't have a sunset provision. But those FRPs are working as designed to address many of the changes in sales as we are forecasting. So from an FRP perspective, the efficient recovery mechanisms we have in each of the states is giving us the relative confidence we have around what we're forecasting. And it's incorporating the various puts and takes with O&M and projected sales. So, its working as design. It’s certainly part of the case we’re making to renew them in Arkansas and Louisiana. So from that vantage point, we think the FRPs are working as well.
Roderick West: I think in the -- across the customer segments, we alluded to it earlier. Certainly, in the residential segment. The stay at home orders have certainly driven the expected experience of high usage per customer in that segment. A lot of variability across the commercial customer segments, as Drew alluded to, where we saw in schools and restaurants, movie theaters and churches, experiencing the brunt of the near-term demand erosion. In the industrial sector, we've been in constant communication aside from the AMI data that we're tracking on a day-to-day basis. We've been in constant communication with those larger industrial customers around their respective outlooks, and we’re paying as much attention to the various components of their value chain as perhaps they might. And they've given us relative comfort that the data we're receiving from AMI is supportive of our point of view that approximately 10% demand erosion that we're experiencing in the last several weeks is likely to be stable until such time as the economy recovers. Certainly, in the refining and primary metals segment, we expected those segments to be harder hit and driving some of the downturn, and that's played out in a way that we expected. And I say that with all of the uncertainly that still remains around the timing of the economic recovery relative to our ability to get testing and tracing and things of that nature. And so, the engagement in addition to the AMI data, the engagement with customers has really reinforced what we're seeing. And certainly, it plays out differently from state-to-state. But the significant presence of our industrial base in Louisiana and Texas, and that's where we've seen the lion share of volatility within that 10% range.
Roderick West: The base assumption is that sometime in the early summer, that is later in this month into June, we'll begin to see a change in the stay-at-home orders and that dynamic will begin the upswing in the economy. The outlook through 2020, particularly from an industrial growth perspective is essentially that that 10% reduction in industrial demand that's driving the overall growth for the utility would then begin to see a slower uptick. And then as Drew laid out in '21 and '22, we expect the drivers of our growth to still be driven by industrials as the commercial and residential sort of normalizes to our pre-COVID point of view.
Roderick West: For Indian Point, no change. Indian Point 2 shutdown, as Leo mentioned on April 30th and it's currently being refueled. As far as the processes around the sale of Indian Point those were initially slightly delayed but we still have plenty of time which we don't expect to close on that transaction until about this time next year. So, we have plenty of time to continue to work through the processes in New York and at the NRC. And we still believe that the interest in New York are aligned with ours, looking for a way to expeditiously decommission Indian Point is the goal and working with Holtec to make that happen. We believe this continues to be the best option. So, no real changes at Indian Point at this point.
