Drew Marsh: Sure, Praful. It's Drew. In terms of the price, I think what we said it was a nominal amount which I mean, I think that probably means that you could afford it if you can demonstrate the capability to decommission a nuclear plant, but it's not a lot of money, and so the main objective for us, of course is to move the risk to a party that is capable of doing it and doing it much quicker than we can. And that will benefit our communities and/or other stakeholders much better. So, I think that's the main point of that.
Drew Marsh: Sure. From an approval perspective, it's really just the NRC in this case, and we don't see specific state regulatory role right now.
Drew Marsh: This is Drew. So, on an overall cash flow basis, like I said in my remarks our expectations from EWC is that we would have positive net cash flow back to the parent through 2022. That's still the case, and as it relates to NDT expectations, we do not expect to-- have to contribute any more funds to those NDTs prior to transaction for Pilgrim and Palisades.
Drew Marsh: Well, our expectation is-- and we have talked about this a little bit on Analyst Day is that we would have to see the equity layers at the utility grow a little bit over time and so we are getting around 49% over the next few years. So, if you-- I don't have forecast that would say we keep it flat. If we did that, I think it would obviously change things a little bit; it would lower our current debt for sure, and so that would be helpful from a parent-debt perspective, but I think overall it might be slightly negative. But the-- our objective is to raise our equity layer on utilities over the next few years.
Drew Marsh: Right. So Vermont Yankee, of course is in decommissioning now, and its funds are primarily coming from the trust, and hopefully we will close by the end of the year, which is our expectation. And then those cash flows - there wouldn't be any significant cash flow on an ongoing basis in that regard for decommissioning there. The Pilgrim and Palisades are really no different from what we were showing before. I guess they're from a cash flow perspective once Pilgrim was going to close. Again those dollars in our forecasts we're going to be coming from the decommissioning trust, as well as Palisades. But Palisades was pretty much at the very end of our forecasts that we showed you at Analyst Day. So net --net, our cash flow forecasts overall for EWC which includes our expectations for shutting down those plants, and then completing the sales of them is positive net cash back parent through 2022.
Drew Marsh: Yes. Palisades is our most cash flow positive plant to be sure during the contracted period. On a merchant basis of course that's a different question. But you there is positive cash flow at Palisades through 2022.
