Drew Marsh: Yes. James, this is Drew. Yes. So, we haven’t changed our outlook for sales actually for the third and fourth quarter from what we described in May, even though we did see a little bit better outcome in the second quarter than what we were anticipating. It is possible that we could do better. But, given the spike in cases, around the country and our service territory, we thought we should just keep it about where it is for right now. We do continue to see the phased reopening, even though it’s paused in certain municipalities right now. So, there is opportunity perhaps over the balance of the year. But, for the time, we’ve elected to keep our outlook for sales, where we had it for the second half.
Drew Marsh: That’s right. We are still targeting that, we still expect to make that by fourth quarter next year. And our equity outlook is in that same range that we’ve talked about previously. We have continued to think about timing. And we think it’s probably the latter half of next year when the need will actually arise. And we continue to think about the method in which we would deliver that. And in the past we’ve talked about block rate. That’s what we did a few years ago. So that’s still on the table. But, we’ve also added other options to the table, including an ATM possibility and even perhaps preferred equity. Right now, we don’t have authorization for preferred equity within our charts. So, we would need a proxy vote to ensure that that would be shareholder friendly, but we’re considering that as well. 
Drew Marsh: So, that’s why the preferred equity gets you actually I think up to 100%. There are options around preferred debt, other versions of convertibles that will give you various credit, depending on the rating agency. And we have authorization for all of those. What we don’t have authorization for is the preferred equity that would allow you to get 100% credit.
Drew Marsh: So, obviously, at this point in the year, we are also thinking about 2021 and what that might mean. And we have started to think about opportunities for savings in 2021. So, that is actually well under way. Currently, we are monitoring everything that’s going on in the world and making sure that there isn’t any other risks that may be out there that we will need to apply those two. But that network that you’re referring to is well underway. But, we’re not prepared to talk about specific numbers at this point.
Drew Marsh: We’re still tracking towards the middle of the band. There are opportunities potentially out there for us. But, we continue to track towards the middle at this point.
Drew Marsh: And I’ll just add to that it pretty much was across all three quadrants, where we were a little bit ahead of expectations. It wasn’t one or the other that completely dominated.
Drew Marsh: Jonathan, that’s a good question. So, we are seeing more uncollectibles right now. We actually -- as you noted, we booked about $30 million of bad debt expense this quarter. That was offset by regulatory assets, given regulatory orders that we have in our retail jurisdictions. So, there’s not really any bottom line impact associated with that, because we would expect to be able to recover those costs. Historically, we’ve experienced about -- bad debt expenses, about a third of our typical arrears. So, typically, we have arrears in any given point of about $75 million, and we experienced about $25 million of bad debt expense. We are about $100 million higher on our arrears right now. And that’s why we booked the $30 million. So, it’s consistent with that ratio. We expect that there are some people that are able to pay that are just taking advantage of the current situation. But -- and we do expect that to grow a little bit more. We haven’t turned on our dunning programs. And we would expect that that balance would continue to grow through the summer, although we expect it to continue to be manageable. And it is -- that growth is reflected in our liquidity expectations, which continue to be strong. So, that is something that we’re closely monitoring. And it’s important for us to continue to work with our customers in order to help them through this.
Drew Marsh: Right. And I would say that the opportunity within our business is embedded within our continuous improvement program. And so, as you know, we’ve been working hard to continue to develop that. And we feel like it’s continued to grow and mature. And that is where that opportunity would come from. So, not all of it clearly has been identified at this point. But, as we clearly just articulated, there is an expectation about how we would be expected to operate within the Company. And just like we have in the past, I have 100% confidence that the Company is going to figure out how to make that work.
Drew Marsh: No, there shouldn’t be any real earnings impact associated with that, other than the fact that we did have an expectation that we would be successful, which would have reduced future rate base and subsequent earnings. But, I don’t -- that’s not what we’re referring to when we’re talking about maintaining our expectations. It would have to come through other means.
Drew Marsh: I think, the primary question on the renewals is, has the FRP accomplished the objectives that we set out five years ago in Arkansas and three years ago in Louisiana. And, when you think about how we’ve shaped the capital plan and we’ve disclosed to our regulators what our plans were, then the question becomes, can we achieve the objectives, and you’ve heard it before, Steve, around reliability, sustainability, affordable, low-cost competitive rates, can we achieve that given the capital plan for customers? And, if the answer to that question is yes and as we laid out in our and our a renewal filings, the answer is yes, in our view. Then they’ll -- we expect that they as well as the other stakeholders will agree that it makes sense to keep it going. It’s not a -- it hasn’t been viewed, as we’ve discussed with the stakeholders as a full blown rate case where we are reviewing what we spend a year going through the traditional backwards looking base rate case. So, that’s not the expectation. But, of course the regulator has the ability to weigh in on whatever component that they wish. But, we believe the interests are aligned. We think the way that the FRPs have worked historically have been consistent with what we represented five years ago in Arkansas. And, as you know, this is a series of three-year renewals in Louisiana. And again, given the shape of the capital plan, we’re going beyond just a renewal of FRP in Louisiana. For instance, recognizing as Leo laid out, we have -- we’re shaping the capital plan with more distribution investment. For instance, as part of that asset renewal, that’s going to show up in what we are asking the jurisdiction in Louisiana to consider with a distribution rider. And so, it’s those type of policy considerations that we’re going through with our stakeholders and not as much a rate case review, if that’s helpful.
Drew Marsh: So, this is Drew. And we’ve had, Angie, an expectation for ROE and capital structure baked in for three years or so, at this point. And our expectations -- and those are in our outlooks, based on the outcome of this proceeding. And at this point we don’t see any reason to change those, based on how the proceedings have moved to-date. And even if those outlooks weren’t met, from an ROE and capital structure perspective, we don’t think that the -- whatever that delta would be, is something that we couldn’t manage within our current expectations.
Drew Marsh: We’ve already -- we have an expectation for that based in our outlooks. We don’t want -- we don’t usually talk about that, because we’re still in the preceding. But, we’re comfortable with where that is in our outlooks right now.
Drew Marsh: Yes. So, Sophie, the industrial piece in particular that you noted, we were expecting pretty solid growth this year, at the outset, in the 5% to 6% range for industrial. So, the fact that it’s 1% down is a pretty big drop relative -- even though year-over-year it’s 1% down, we were expecting it to be 5%-6% up. And on the balance of the year, I would say that we expect the residential to trend -- start to trend down as people return to work in different places than their home. And we’d expect the commercial and governmental to slowly begin to trend up and industrial to hopefully begin to improve. And that’s all I think consistent with where we lined out our expectations in May. And so, I think that we are continuing to expect to the phase reopening to support slow but steady improvement in these numbers.
Drew Marsh: Yes. So, the $400 million plus the $100 million of interest that is part of the refund, because they are saying that we owe the money. And it’s not actually really rate base. It’s refund. So, the rate base doesn’t really change in that regard. It would only change if we were successful in our outcome with the IRS, because that would be a deferred tax and the rate base would go down, the net rate base would go down. So, really what we’re talking about is the $510 million that you see there. That total amount is the requested refund. And so, we’ve had to finance that. And then, the lease payments that are about the $17 million a year on an ongoing basis.
Leo Denault: Julien, I’ll start with the quote unquote mitigating circumstances. And then, I’ll let Drew kind of finish up. But, first and foremost, my expectation would be that we would -- that whatever impact ultimately happened that we would overcome that and still meet our expectations. So, that’s our going-in position from just an organizationally that whatever the impact is that we would continue to meet the objectives that we’ve laid out for you. There are also some -- within the SERI case, I think, there are some things that we talked about in the past that could be used to mitigate, such as the interest costs that we have in the IRS and some other things like that. And obviously there’d be some financing or whatever that would fit into, whatever financing plan Drew has. But, I guess, the overall -- the overarching mitigation is that whatever it is, that will be our expectation to overcome it.
Leo Denault: Yes, yes. But, I would say, impact next year, depending on what it is, whether it is weather, whatever, it would be a flex sort of thing, we were just talking about SERI. That’d be more of a continuous improvement sort of thing.
Leo Denault: That’s a great question, Jeremy. It’s consistent with the capital plan that we’ve had for the last 10 years. And I felt like it was necessary to add a metric that keeps that top of mind with everybody, because I believe that’s important about our plan. If you think about what we’re doing in the generation space and what we’ve been doing for over a decade, we are replacing 50-year old generation with brand new generation. The heat rate is lower that it creates a significant production cost improvement at pace for the plant, emissions are 40% lower than the -- they use less water. All those things are good about new plants. And so, what we’ve been doing over the years is adding new generation and then subsequently retiring old generation. So, it’s meeting the needs of the system with new stuff rather than old stuff. Same things goes with the investments that we’ve had in the distribution system. So, if you think about AMI, we’re replacing old meters with new meters. It’s not new customers. Although there are new customers that get a new meter, the majority of that program is driven by the technological improvement. Our distribution, automation strategy, our asset management strategy, all of those are really based on improving the level of service that our customers achieve by deploying capital that lowers costs or provides a service that was not available in the past. So, 90% of it has been and continues to be based on the fact that we need to modernize the system. Where the fact that we have customer growth has assisted us is that it has provided a lower rate path for everybody, as we expand the sales that we have on those assets that we’re using to modernize the system, which contributes to the fact that we have historically had either the lowest or second lowest rates in United States. So, I just felt like it was necessary, given the impact that COVID has had on the economy and sales that we point out that the capital plan is still there to modernize the system, and COVID hasn’t changed the need for us to modernize the system. If anything, it’s actually enhanced the need for us to modernize the system, particularly at the distribution level. And so, while 90% of what’s in there today is based on technological improvement, if there is a lot in the wings for more technological improvement that we can do to the extent we find the headroom to do it. I hope that helps answer your question.
Leo Denault: Well, we do our resource planning obviously in conjunction with the resource adequacy that we need for MISO but our resource planning is done at state level. So, the resource plans that we have in the type generation we need incorporates our participation in MISO. But, it’s not -- MISO is not driving what resources we pick.
Leo Denault: Yes. Steve, Rod mentioned that we -- to look at how it works in Louisiana, you just look back to the last renewal and the renewal before that and renewal before that and the renewal before that. This is obviously the first time that we’ve done it in Arkansas, but it’s been pretty clear that Arkansas formula rate plan has worked exactly the way it was intended to work with the combination -- all you have to do is look at something like a year like 2018, where we ended up with a year that worked out differently because of tax reform than we thought it was going to, and then we ended up earning our allowed rate of return and we refunded dollars to customers in the next formula rate plan filing that went through. So, that’s worked really, really well for customers as well. So, Louisiana, obviously, we have a long history of renewals. This will be the first one in Arkansas. But, it appears to be working exactly the way it was intended by all the parties.
Leo Denault: Yes. I think, big picture, Angie, what we’ll be talking about is being able to give a little bit more color on how we operate and what we’re doing and what’s in the capital plan, and how we’re thinking about it. The capital plan is pretty certain where it is. As you know, there is a large mix of renewables in our future as it is, as we’ve stated before, between ‘22 and ‘30. We anticipate a lot of renewables. We got the RFPs that we’ve been involved in, the construction -- the projects that are up and running, the ones that are under construction. So, I think the capital plan is in pretty good shape. We may get more details about that and talk about what’s in our future, particularly as we spend time on the customer solution side of things. But, really a little more depth on things like what’s in the capital plan? What’s in our path to lower emissions, what’s in our customer solution space, what’s in the distribution space, how are we operationalizing continuous improvement? Things like that.
Leo Denault: As far as topics for the Analyst Day, probably just a little more depth and color around what’s in the capital plan, our trend to lower emissions and as well as continuous improvement, structure and things like that will be subjects that we’ll talk about. We don’t want to talk too much about it today. We want you to tune in.
Leo Denault: There are probably a smattering -- obviously there is new customer hookups are the big piece of it in the distribution of the transmission space. So, for example, if you had a major industrial customer that was located in your service territory, the substations for them can be pretty significant. So, you’d have to build them a substation. And then, we just have general line extension to our distribution business every day, when a new house is built or something like that. So, some of the transmission infrastructure could be put in that bucket as well, to the extent that we need to put -- build transmission infrastructure into an area because of either prior load growth or new load growth. But, it’s really more in the -- getting to that last mile.
