Ric Campo: Thank you, Kim, and good morning. Our music today was provided by recording star Ed Sheeran. As recently as 2013, Sheeran was best known in the U.S. as an opening act for Taylor Swift’s North American tour. This year, Sheeran became the first recording artist to have two songs debut in the top 10 in the U.S. charts in the same week and had notable guest appearance on Game of Thrones. Sheeran’s story is a reminder of both how quickly things can accelerate, if you’re talented and are working in the right environment and that the pace of change in all areas of our residents’ life is faster than ever and will likely continue to accelerate. Our residents are increasingly choosing to live in communities that understand and adapt to their evolving life style choices. As Malcolm Stewart, Camden’s Chief Operating Officer often reminds us, you don’t have to be young, you just have to think young. Our operations teams continued to produce solid results for Camden during the second quarter and for the year. I appreciate their dedication to improving the lives of our customers one experience at that time. Apartment demand continues to be strong, driven by positive demographics and a secular shift to rental housing as part of the sharing economy. Millennials are driving the sharing economy and are more interested in experiential activities as opposed to acquiring things including single family homes. On the other end of the spectrum, from a demographic perspective, empty nesters are leaving their suburban homes for rentals in urban locations to take advantage of left commute time and more robust entertainment options. New supply competition is currently a factor in many of our markets. However, delivery should peak this year. We continued our capital recycling program this quarter with the acquisition of Camden Buckhead Square in Atlanta. This is our first acquisition in nearly three years. Last year, we sold $1.2 billion of non-core older properties. The proceeds we used to fund our development pipeline, pay down debt, pay a special dividend and now to fund Camden Buckhead Square. Camden Buckhead Square was acquired at below replacement cost with a 5% FFO yield. Given the inventory of merchant builder product in the market combined with rising land costs and construction costs, we believe that other acquisition opportunities will be available going forward. Subsequent to quarter-end, we entered into an agreement to sell Camden Miramar, our only student housing property. the Houston apartment market is still challenging with new deliveries exceeding demand. We expect the market to stabilize next year. New construction starts peaked in 2014 at 24,000 and have steadily declined with 8,000 in 2016 and 6,000 starts expected each year in 2017 and 2018. While new deliveries have been delayed in some cases due to labor shortages. Excess inventory should clear during 2018 and set Houston up for rent growth again. Houston has had a long history of strong recoveries following market weakness. Based on our view that there will be limited completions and competition from new developments in 2019 and 2020, we’ve decided to go forward with the construction of our Downtown Houston project, Camden Downtown. Construction will begin in the fourth quarter of this year with lease-up beginning in the fourth quarter of 2019 and stabilization expected in 2020. Camden Downtown represents a counter-cyclical opportunity to lock in construction costs at a time when it’s difficult for developers to get equity or construction financing. We’re looking forward to finishing the year strong and our management team and our operations teams are focused on that. And at this point, I’ll turn the call over to Keith Oden.
Ric Campo: Yes. So, without getting into forward-looking NOI growth projections for Houston, when we think about stabilization, we’re thinking in terms of absorbing the excess -- the hangover of supply that’s got to get through the system and find a resident. Once that happens, then I think you can start to think in terms of getting back to more of a normalized full-occupancy rate. And then beyond that you start thinking about rental increases. So, if you think -- if you roll forward to our numbers that we have for Houston for 2018, we know we’ve got excess inventory now; it’s in the process of being aggressively, maybe very aggressively marketed by the merchant builders who put it in place. Lease concessions of two to three months are common in the leased up communities. So, they’re trying to find the market and they will, and they’re making good progress. And I think we’re going to continue to see good absorption. But if you roll forward to 2018, we think if things stay as they are currently projected, we think we’re only going to see another 6,000 or so apartments drop to the market. And if you take a sort of the midpoint between the Wheaton and Axiometrics job growth for Houston for next year, it’s somewhere in the 45,000 range, which is -- that’s more than sufficient to not only put stabilization in place but to repair occupancy rates and then beyond that look for rental rate increases. But, we’ve said previously Nick that we thought that 2017 at our minus 4 down topline revenues would be the bottom in the cycle and we still believe that.
Ric Campo: Current development yield’s around 7, depending on average and really higher ones versus the lower ones in California. So in California, the San Diego type transactions, those are going to be in the 5.5 to 6 kind of stabilized range. The Houston transactions need to be higher than that because they’re Houston. So, generally, in the sort of center of the country, we’re looking at stabilized yields of 6.5 plus or minus today. And yields are definitely down from some of the ones that we’re able to get. For example our Camden NoMa is an 8% yield and that’s hard to do today. We just happen to hit, a, we bought the land at a good price a while and b, we were able to hit the market properly, really well with a dip in the construction environment there and lease-up is going really well. Today with land cost where it is and with construction cost rising in every market with labor shortage, it’s just tougher to make those -- to get to those numbers. So, we’re probably 50 basis points down on our development yields than we were a year ago if we were to start it probably.
Ric Campo: Those are generally -- in Houston, it would be trended rents because you really can’t take three months free in a new development and then apply that to your development model make it work. Generally, they tend to be on trended rents.
Ric Campo: Yes. So, we were pleased that we were able to make some progress in the second quarter. We ended the -- averaged for the quarter at about 93.1%. And relative to our overall portfolio, that’s almost 2.5% below where we are on a average throughout the rest of our platform. So, clearly, it’s a laggard. In terms of is 92.3 is a low watermark. Based on prelease right now, if you look at -- we’re looking out 60, 90 days on where we are with our preleased occupancy. I think we are in pretty good shape to make some additional progress on occupancy in the third quarter. And consistent with our views, 2017’s probably the low watermark in terms of the 4% rental decline, or top line revenue decline. I would say that it’s a decent proposition that the 92.3% is a low watermark. But we’re not -- we’re in no way satisfied with the 93.1% and we’re working our tails off to get that back to a more normalized looking rate because until you get that number back to the 95% range, you’re not going to make any revenue -- headway on the leases. 
Ric Campo: The interesting thing about Houston is of course in the last 24 months or 36 months, we’ve spent a lot of time talking about energy and what was going to happen to the Houston market overall. If you look at certain segments of the market, if you’re in the office building business, it’s kind of a tough market obviously. Multi-family is tough but not like office. When you look at industrial, retail and single family, the market hasn’t missed a beat. Houston has a shortage of quality single family homes and the markets have been very, very good and robust. I think we -- last month or last quarter, Houston had a record number of sales at the high prices of homes.  So, on one hand, Houston has done really well with single family homes and it hasn’t been a real issue for the economy overall. But, when you get down to the whole issue of rental versus own or people losing market share to homes, we really don’t see a massive change in that scenario. Because when you think about it, people make a decision to either rent or buy not based on money generally, it’s based on the lifestyle and their sort of what age group they’re in. And so, we haven’t seen a tremendous amount.
Ric Campo: Yes, it’s interesting because there has been a fair amount of I think people trying to reconcile where we are and where some of our competitors have announced in the commentary. And we said last quarter that we felt pretty constructive about where we were in Washington D.C. in our portfolio but we also mentioned that we really have a fairly different footprint in the D.C. Metro area than some of our competitors. So, we guessed it. So, I want to put some numbers around that. And we look at it and have kind of dug into our footprint and where the performance is coming from and other people can reconcile this and try to figure out whether it’s in the footprint or something else. But, in our Northern Virginia portfolio for the second quarter, we actually had right at 5% revenue growth, which is better than -- way better than the average of all of our other markets combined. And if you go into our Maryland portfolio, it was about 3.5% revenue growth. The area where I think the differential occurs is in -- what we think that was the D.C. proper sub-market, our growth for the quarter was 2.2%. And that’s a divergence, because up until probably middle of last year, the D.C. proper portfolio that consistently outperformed our Northern Virginia and Maryland portfolios, but obviously that’s flipped and we have a much higher NOI contribution from Northern Virginia [ph] D.C. proper. So, I think a fair amount of it is, just the distribution of our assets versus some of our competitors. In terms of overall supply versus job growth, if you look at the [inaudible] equilibrium for 2017 and then they actually get better in 2018. So, we continue to be pretty constructive on D.C. And my guess is, is that it’s more footprint than anything else.
Ric Campo: Yes. I think the range that we have set, I mean, we’ve tightened the range quite a bit, and as to get into the top or the bottom, I think it really turns down to how much of an impact the new supply actually shows up in the second half and how much of an impact we see from that. I mean, there is a fair amount of anecdotal evidence and not only in our own portfolio but just folks that we talk to and conversations and some of our other competitors who reported that there is a lot of slippage in delivery of multi-family units. And so to the extent that that phenomenon is happened to any meaningful degree in Camden’s markets, the apartments that we thought were going to be delivered in the first half that end up rolling over to the second half. So, I think the range from our perspective is more about how much of that supply has slipped, how much of it didn’t show up in the first half and how much of it is going to sort of comeback in the second half of the year. But I mean, I think our range is very appropriate for where we are halfway through the year.
Ric Campo: So, if you -- I’m speaking just to Camden’s market. I can give you national stats, but it’s not something that we spend a lot of time on. But within Camden’s markets for the -- if you look at the full -- take the full year first, completions in 2017 versus completions in 2018. If you take the average of Wheaton and Axiometric numbers and there is a fair amount of difference between the two of those, their two forecasts. So, if we take the average of their two forecasts, we show in Camden’s markets completions of about 150,000 apartments in 2017 drop into about 125,000 in 2018. So a 25,000, 30,000 drop across Camden’s portfolio. So, if you look at just a second half of 2017 versus the first half of -- over into the first half of 2018, we see a drop of roughly 14,000 apartments in Camden’s portfolio. So, there is a fair amount of consistency and the data that we look at that would indicate that what we’ve said all along is 2017 is going to be the high watermark for completions in Camden’s portfolio. Now, obviously, we’ll have to roll it forward and see. There is certainly the possibility that some of that currently projected for the second half of 2017 deliveries bleeds over to 2018. But, I’d be surprised if bled over enough to flip total completions in 2018 to be higher than 2017.
Ric Campo: I don’t think cap rates have moved up much at all for new products, there is still a big demand for product. It was certainly interesting in the first quarter we got a 17% decline in multifamily sales sort of nationwide and it was still down in the second quarter, maybe down 1% but that also included the acquisition of Monogram by Greystar. And so, fundamentally, you know even though the bid is down a bit, cap rates are still very sticky, especially for high quality properties. And I think part of the issue get into with this merchant builder product that needs to clear the market over the next couple of years is that historically the merchant builder margins have been incredibly wide, meaning that instead of 10% to 15%, maybe 20% margin on their costs, which is a good base work for a merchant builder generally, the margins have been more like 50 to 60%. And so, what’s happening now is that even though rents are -- so when you think about NOIs, they are depressed because of the free rent that’s going on in the marketplace. So, when you think about cap rate, the cap rates really haven’t gone up, what’s happened is that NOI has gone down and then you think the juxtaposition of what the asset value is relative to replacement cost. And in the case of the Buckhead Square for example, we bought that the property at $230,000 or $230,000 a door plus or minus, and we think to replace is 260 something a door. So, on the one hand, the cap rate was low, but there is free rent embedded in the market. And yet for us to replace that product in the same place today is 12% above what we bought it for. So, I think that is going to continue to have a dampening effect on cap rates. Then if you move to Houston for example, there are deals trading in Houston -- I know this is going to hurt some people on this call’s head, at sub-4 cap rate. And there is a deal in Downtown for example that is going to trade at 3.6 current cash on cash return. Now it’s brand new, it’s in Downtown, it has embedded 2.5 months free rent in it. And so, people are able to buy that at the low replacement cost, at a low cap rate because they’re buying by the pound and fundamentally people believe and know based on history that the rental rates will go up. You look at Houston for example, I think it’s great example, you take 2002’s downturn. If you look at 2001, revenue growth was 8.2%, 2002 was 0.9 and 2003 was down 4.3. When it stabilized, it took a couple of years to stabilize during that period, we had three years or four years of over 5% growth. Same thing happened in the last downturn. So, people are not going to say well, I’ve to have a higher cap rate and I’m not going to take into account the idea that free rent burns off. So, they’re basically buying by the pound now and therefore cap rates really haven’t gone up.
Ric Campo: Well, in our guidance today, we have -- we generally have net acquisitions versus dispositions. And it’s an evolving market. I think that this could be a big acquisition opportunity over the next 18 months. We’re nibbling at the edges right now. And I think we need to sort of wait. There is going to be a whole lot more products coming out in the next two or three years than there is today. And so, we could easily increase our acquisition appetite to 300 million plus or minus but at this point we’re just sort of wait and see. I mean, we obviously have an incredibly strong balance sheet; we have lots of capacity to acquire. And these are the kinds of properties we’re going to acquire in the future. When you haven’t acquired a lot in the line of three years, we clearly have an appetite to grow. We’re ultimately -- we’ve positioned our portfolio and our balance sheet to be able to grow through development and acquisition we plan on.
Ric Campo: Absolutely. If you think about the food chain in multi-family, I mean you have student housing as a great business, you’re in student housing but the challenge is you have a volatility of cash flow. Camden Miramar is 100% leased today and in the summer it was 40% leased. So, the volatility of the cash flow is one thing. The other issue is a lot of -- for us anyway, the management of that business is just very different than managing market rate housing. You can make the same argument for senior housing. We have a couple of 85 and older properties and it is just a whole different world. You have to have different mindset, different strategy, and it is just -- I think student housing companies do a great job. I think senior housing companies do a great job. But when you mix them together, it becomes more complicated effort. And I’d rather keep our management team’s focus on what they do best, which is market rate housing that they understand really well.
Ric Campo: I don’t have the detail for those specific assets but I can give you generally. So, the closer you’re into urban core which is where a lot of development is being delivered, that’s the most sort of challenged -- some of the most challenged market. If you take the juxtaposition then to the energy corridor, there is a lot of supply in the energy corridor, a lot of supply in the urban core. And so, both of those markets are getting the same kind of situation with more supply than demand. You then go into the suburbs, so said another way, sort of the high quality urban core assets are getting hit harder than the sort of suburban sort of B plus assets, primarily because there is just not as much competition between the Bs and the As, if you will. Now, I will say also that now Bs -- some Bs are starting to get under pressure because of the A rents coming down to make it more affordable for somebody at the top end of the B markets moving into an A at a lower price than they would otherwise have.
Ric Campo: If you look at asset by asset across our Southern California portfolio, there is not a great variation between the Long Beach market, LA/Orange County that we see. They are all -- the strength is across the board. We’ve got one or two assets that catch more competition from new product that’s coming on line in Irvine, and that’s always a little bit of a headwind for us and our two assets that are -- catch a little bit of the collateral damage from the supply that they bring online. But, outside of that, strength across the board and fact that two of our top five markets, San Diego and LA/Orange County. So, just good strength, very, very limited supply relative to any other market that we operate in and clearly a robust economy that’s on the rebound.
Ric Campo: So, I’ll give you a couple of the highlights and the one that you mentioned on Houston is going to be the largest; we’ve got a real significant drop off there. But some other ones where we think we see supply coming down pretty meaningfully. Dallas comes down by 4,000 apartments in total supply, Atlanta down by 2,200, Austin down by 2,300, D.C. Metro down by 3,000 and San Diego down by 2,000. So, those would be the top five or six in terms of the declines; that’s a year-over-year decline, completions in 2017 versus 2018.
Ric Campo: Not a single one. We got 14 red numbers. I do want to -- I really wanted to mention that earlier when we talked about Houston on the supply side, but we did get a very interesting stat this morning from the U.S. Census Bureau that reported that the total permits issued in Houston, Texas for multifamily apartments for the entire month of June was 90 and that’s we’ve been in -- doing business in Houston for a long, long time, I don’t ever remember seeing a stat like that, even in some of the other really severe contractions, and where it was more job related contractions, we didn’t see numbers like that. So, when we talk about, it’s kind of a theoretical concept, when you talk about new permitting activity and the development pipeline, just completely shutting down. It’s not just the concept, that’s an amazing stat that we got this morning, so like just a little bit color on that.
Ric Campo: Sure. Historically, over the last 20 years, people would sort of take total jobs and it was -- the rule of thumb was five jobs creates one multifamily housing demand. And so, there are lot of ratios, lot of groups still look at that ratio. And I think though that you’re on to something that that ratio is sort of broken now, and it’s broken because -- and I’ll give you a great example of it. In 2016, Houston basically went from 120,000 jobs in 2014, some jobs in 2015 but in 2016, there were basically zero jobs, some people say 10,000, so very limited jobs. In 2016, we have served 15,500 apartment units in Houston. People are like well, how’s that possible? Yet no jobs. Well, what’s happening is two things. One is, there is this pent up demand because people -- we’ve had this housing shortage going on for quite a while, so it’s a pent up demand. You still have over 1 million millennials that are living at home or roommate situations because they haven’t been able to save enough money to either get out of home or to break the roommate scenario. So, there is still a pent up demand from multifamily. And because of this demographic sort of shift, this millennial that’s more experiential, and they don’t want to buy things, they don’t want to be tied down buying house. So, you delay marriages, you delay child’s birth and people having kids. And so all that has really fundamentally changed the demand picture for multifamily vis-à-vis how many jobs you need. And then the other part of that equation is, and I’ll use Houston as an example for this as well. So, the new product that’s being built today is more hotel-like, it’s more amenities, there is conference centers, there is art studios and golf simulation rooms and it’s just bars and all kinds of different things. And so that product did not exist five years ago at all. And so, it’s happened and these empty nester groups are now saying, I can move into the urban corridor, I can lease an apartment at what I was paying for my big house in the suburbs, I don’t have to drive and I’m closer to amenities and closer to kind of the things I want to do. And so that’s driving demand as well. So, I think that the confluence of millennials, the pent up demand and then the empty nesters moving from suburbs to a more urban -- and urban doesn’t mean downtown, urban like Houston means, Sugar Land downtown or Galleria or Woodlands or downtown. So, if there is multiple urban cores. It’s not just a specific downtown. So I do think that it’s having -- those three factors are having change in this whole idea that you need five jobs to create one multi-family demand.
Ric Campo: Yes, obviously we continue to get new supply in Atlanta. The Buckhead submarket is reasonably well contained in a sense that if you’re -- if that’s your first choice, probably you might migrate over to Uptown but more than likely if you’re a Buckhead person, that’s where you’re going to want to lease. So, most of the 2,500 apartments that got started, this was a very tail end of it. We think that the supply in Buckhead, the next thing to come on line in Buckhead is likely to be an extension of our Paces community. But it’s very, very difficult to manufacture sites in the Buckhead area and the land costs are going to only continue to increase. So, I think we’re pretty well insulated in Buckhead. Don’t see -- we feel pretty comfortable that when we get over into next year and there is really no new supply coming on line, we should see a pretty decent bounce back, not just of the 3% or 4% verity in Buckhead because you got depressed rents. And we know from history that when you have a supply issue in an otherwise healthy economy, the rents tend to go back to prior peak pretty quickly, once the supply problem goes away. So, you’re not restating rents from -- we’re going to grow rents at 3% from the bottom, which is a supply impaired number. You’re going to get back to what people -- what the average person is willing to pay to live in that submarket once the supply clears.
Ric Campo: We look at it -- when we’re doing our revenue projections, we do a complete bottom up, which includes lot of new supply that would impact any of our communities in that submarket. So, we look at it in both ways. It’s instructive though to be able to kind of think directionally about is a market produce -- is it going to produce more or fewer units. But ultimately, the game and the story is how many of those completion of those units that are of the completion drop is going to happen that’s adjacent to or impactful to the community that you have been operating.
Ric Campo: First of all, we would not consider joint venture. We are very anti-joint ventures. We have one of the cleanest balance sheets in the multifamily sector and we have one big joint venture with Texas Teachers, but it’s blind pool unilateral decision making process with Camden only. So that’s number one. In terms of where, we like Houston long-term. Houston is a dynamic market; it is going through its weak period right now because of supply. It weathered the energy storm very, very well relative to historic energy downturns that we’ve had in the past. We’re at about 10.5%, I think of our net operating income in Houston right now. And if we did nothing else, this would take it up about by 2020 to about 11.25 or something like that. It is a large project, it will be one of our premier assets, it’s high-rise 21 storeys. And we’re moving more towards this kind of concrete constructions just because it holds up better long-term versus they can. I think when you think about where we want to be portfolio wise, I like where we are in Houston because I like the market long-term. Will we continue to recycle capital the way we have in the past? Absolutely, we’ll continue to look at our portfolio on an ongoing basis and decide which assets are going to be slow grow, and then reinvest that capital into higher growth, higher quality assets. So, when we think about this $125 million investment in context of Camden, it’s not that huge growth into our portfolio. But, will we sell other assets to fund it, perhaps. And we will -- capital recycling is not something just do and stop, it’s something that you have to do all the time. If you go back to our history, I think we only own two or three of our original IPO assets, if you can imagine that and we’ve recycled billions and billions of dollars and we’ll continue to do that.
Ric Campo: So, we have -- of the total 150, it’s pretty evenly split in 2017, looks like about 76,000 in the first half and roughly 74,000 in the second half.
Ric Campo: Right. So, that’s a good question. I am not sure that the Camden County was sort of a holding pattern and we were deciding whether we were going to mid-rise stick or high rise. And so, the variation is we decided to do this 21 storey high-rise, which is roughly $125 million. And it’s still -- the jury is still out to what we will do with the second phase. So, I think we’ve just put a holding pattern in and assumed it’d be a twin tower and that’s why the cost went up. But I will tell you that from what we originally priced these projects, cost continues to go up in Houston. We were sort of expecting cost to come down with the energy situation and all the construction starts, that have been -- when you think about multifamily market has started to decline dramatically, but we have not seen cost come down at all. Challenge in Houston is that there’s a lot of petrochemical construction, a lot of schools, medical center and we just haven’t seen any cost coming down. So it’s really been a combination of cost going up but also just a product type changing.
Ric Campo: Assuming we build the second phase as a comparable tower 21 storey high-rise product at phase I is yes. But that decision is way down the road.
Ric Campo: We appreciate the call and we will visit with you in the upcoming conference season after Labor Day. Thanks.
Keith Oden: Thanks Ric. We’re very pleased with our results which were in line with our expectations for both the quarter and year-to-date. Overall conditions remained healthy across our platform. Sequential revenue growth was 1.8% with every market posting a positive sequential increase, yes, even Houston. Other than the transactions which Ric’s covered, from our prospective, this was a very return quarter. So, I’ll be brief with my remarks to allow more time for what’s on our mind. Turning to same-store results, revenue growth, which was 3.1% for the quarter and is up 3% year-to-date. Most of our markets had revenue growth between 3% and 6% for the quarter, led by San Diego/Inland Empire at 6.1%; Denver at 5.8%; LA/Orange County, 5.6%; Dallas at 4.9%; Atlanta at 4.8%. Expenses fell sequentially by 0.5% in the second quarter with a number of puts and takes, which Alex address, leaving us with same-store NOI of up 3.2% sequentially and up 4.1% for the second quarter. Houston revenues fell 3.7% compared to second quarter of 2016. Year-to-date revenues were down 3.5%, which keeps us on the track to meet our full year forecast of roughly 4% revenue decline for the year. We expect continuously weak conditions in Houston as new supply continues to pressure merchant built communities who continue to offer two to three months free rent as a lease-up concession. In D.C. Metro, our revenue growth out performed our overall portfolio with results up 4.2% for the second quarter and 4.0% growth year-to-date. We continue to be encouraged by the trends in our D.C. Metro portfolio. As we look at our markets and how we expect them to perform in the second half of the year versus our original plan, we see relatively minor variances. The top four outperforming markets relative to plan are projected to be Denver, Southern California, Dallas and Orlando. This outperformance relative to plan is being offset by lower than planned revenues in Austin, Charlotte and Southeast Florida due to direct competition from pockets of new supply. Rents on new leases and renewals continue to look good for achieving our outlook for the full year’s results. Second quarter new leases were up 1.6% and renewals were up 4.9% for a blended rate of 3%. July new leases and renewals are in line with the second quarter numbers. We’re sending out August and September renewal offers at an average increase of 5.5%. Additional operating stats for the quarter continue to support our full year outlook. Same-store occupancy in the second quarter averaged 95.4% versus 94.8% in the first quarter and 95.4% in the second quarter of last year. July occupancy was 95.6%, 95.7% for the same period last year. Net turnover rate for the quarter was basically flat at 52% versus 51% for the prior year and 46% versus 47% year-to-date. Move-outs to home purchases were 15.6% for the quarter, with an as expected seasonal increase from the 14.9% we saw in the first quarter. 2017 move-outs to purchase homes are in line with 2016 levels but still well below the long-term trend. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Alex Jessett, Camden’s Chief Financial Officer. 
Keith Oden: Yes. Just to put some stats around that, Ric’s right. Even in the second quarter, which I believe I saw report that June was possibly the highest level of single family home sales in the history of Houston, which is pretty remarkable in itself, but move-out to purchase homes in our portfolio was about 16% in Houston and that compares to 15% to the whole platform. So yes, there is a lot of people buying homes but they’re not -- not in large numbers coming out of our apartments.
Keith Oden: So, 16.5 in the first quarter of 2017, but if you go back to the fourth quarter, it was 15.9, so in that range.
Keith Oden: Yes. Dallas is having the same experience that Houston is having in the supply-driven submarkets. The Uptown area of Dallas is kind of a wash right now in inventory and we’re certainly feeling that, we’re feeling it in the completion of our lease-up at Victory Park where there is a fair amount of new product that we’re directly competitive with. Our suburban assets in Dallas, they had more of a Houston-like experience, they are outperforming the urban core assets anywhere from a 100 to 200 basis points. So, there is differential, it’s primarily supply driven but the reality is the supply has been the -- preponderance of the supply on a percentage basis has been in the more in the urban core area that’s true in Dallas; it’s also true in Houston. Now, obviously Dallas has not had anything like the experience in Houston. We continue to grow top line rents in our Dallas portfolio and our urban assets are contributing to the growth, they are just not at the top of the market anymore in terms of relative to our suburban assets. But yes, it’s a similar experience. Then the big difference has been that Houston delivered 10,000 or 11,000 jobs in 2016 and Dallas delivered 8,000. So, it’s just a still a real dynamic economy that so far has been able to absorb the new inventory that’s been brought on. But it’s clearly in the sub markets where you’ve got a lot of nice supply, you’re going to get impacted.
Keith Oden: So, Alex, the opportunity on the merchant-built product is very submarket specific. If you think about our Buckhead acquisition, there was about 2,500 apartments that were delivered merchant-built product literally within about an 18-month window in that submarket. Overall in Atlanta, that’s not a huge deal, the 2,500 new apartments in Buckhead is a huge deal. And so, you just had this supply bubble where merchant builders have to respond to that by meeting the market from a pricing standpoint, they compete, they embed free rent in their rent roll, they get to the end of their natural ownership period where their investors are looking for a repatriation of capital. But they haven’t burned off all the embedded rent concession. So, you just -- you sort of have an impaired rent roll, because of the competition that was that all came on line at roughly the same time. So, it’s a very submarket specific. Now, having said that, there are a number of submarkets that we play in that have this condition either currently or coming. And we know, there is Charlotte, it’s going to have some opportunities; we know about the Houston story. So that side of it is more dependent on the current supply challenge that we have in a number of our markets. Separately from that, the San Diego transaction, we announced the land purchase. The reality is, is that we probably don’t start construction on that product for another 18 months and then from there, you’ve got two years to deliver the final product, so you’re three years out. And it’s in the market or in the submarket in San Diego where there’s been virtually no new construction. So just a different animal. And the answer to your question is we would love to do both. I mean, I think to go back to the question Ric was answering and if we could and had delivered to us or have the opportunity to acquire $400 million, $500 million worth of Camden Buckhead that have exactly those economics and submarkets that we want to -- we’re either in or want to be in, within our existing footprint, we’d buy them. It really [multiple speakers] the balance issue, because when you get down to it, we can make a rate of return, a risk adjustment rate of return on development, we’ll do it. If we can make a risk-adjusted rate of return on the merchant builder product, we’ll do as well.
Keith Oden: So, Jeffrey in terms of specific, the numbers around Ric’s commentary on the Downtown and Midtown assets, roughly down 10% and 11% on the Uptown product, suburban assets are flat to up 2%. So, the blend of that gets you to roughly to 3.5% that were down year-to-date in Houston. So, there is a substantial difference of where the supply impact is happening, and if you got merchant-built product, it is given too much free rents, you’re going to have to respond to that from a pricing standpoint. But those are roughly the ranges and numbers that we’re dealing with.
Alex Jessett: So, the signs of hope that I would point out, especially for our portfolio are two things, number one that although we’ve been successful in 2017 on the property tax side, we still do have property taxes increasing four and three quarters percent. That should revert back to the norm of about 3% very soon. The second sign of hope is that the insurance market still continues to be very favorable for us. And hopefully when we go to our renewal next year, we’ll start to see some benefits from that.
Alex Jessett: Yes. So, what’s interesting for Camden specifically is that when you look at our full year salaries, we actually think it’s going to be relatively flat, 2017 as compared to 2016, and that’s driven by lower than expected benefits and lower than expected workers’ comp claims. So, once you strip that out, we’re still working right around the 3% range.
Alex Jessett: So, the way we really operate on the property tax side is we focus a lot on equal and uniform, which is a concept that regardless of what we believe the value to be of that particular asset, it has to be valued in a similar fashion to other comparable assets. And so, when we’re really looking at our portfolio, what we’re really doing is looking at the value that the assessors have assigned to our assets as compared to similar assets and we’re making -- and we analyze it that way, rather than trying to go through and figure out exactly what the sort of “market value” of the real estate is.
Alex Jessett: Yes. So, when we look at the second half of the year, we think that occupancy is going to be fairly consistent to what we saw in the second half of last year. So, you’re looking at right around a sort of a 95.3 type range for the second half. So, you can blend that with what we have in the first half and you got a full year number.
Alex Jessett: So, what we running through our numbers today is everything that you know about which is our Technology Package and we still think that that equates to 65 basis points of additional revenue in the full year 2017. Obviously, we have lots of talented folks and we’re always looking for new initiatives. And when we have something that we’re ready to announce, we’ll certainly let everybody know about it.
Alex Jessett: So, if you think about where we’re today, we have the absolute strongest balance sheet in the multifamily space, debt to EBITDA 4.5 times. Would we be comfortable in that increasing a little bit? The answer is yes, but probably not much more than sort of a 5-time type ratio.
Alex Jessett: Yes, it was almost entirely. So, if you look at the first half of the year, technology impact was basically 90 bps.
Alex Jessett: And we also added an escalation factor to the second phase for Camden Downtown. So that’s why you’re seeing a higher number for the second phase because they will be started several years later.
