Ric Campo: Thanks, Kim, and good morning, and thank you for joining our call today. The theme for on hold music this morning was changed. The COVID pandemic has brought with it sweeping changes in lives of every American, including how they work, where they work, and whether they can even work. Every business has had to change and adapt to this unprecedented pandemic. And thinking about the scope of these changes, I recall that quote from Jack Welch that I heard years ago, which is change before you have to. With only five words, Jack perfectly captured what has separated many companies' abilities to successfully navigate through the past year. Throughout our history, we have grown and maintained a culture that encourages and rewards efforts by Team Camden to change before we have to. Examples include, migrating to cloud-based financial systems over 18 months ago, making work from home seamless for most of our employees, creating a technology package for Camden communities that provides discounted high-speed Internet creating a more robust work from home experience for our residents, implementing a resident package delivery program that requires packages to be delivered directly to each residents front door, creating the same flexibility and convenience enjoyed by most single family homeowners and developing Chirp, a mobile access solution, which we sold to real page last fall. When fully rolled out in 2021, this product will enhance our on-demand virtual leasing and self-guided tours, while enabling unassisted tours and leasing outside of our normal office hours. Residents will also be able to schedule package and grocery deliveries directly to their apartments when they're away from home. We will continue to find ways to change before we have to and everything we do. For the past year, we have utilized virtual meeting platforms like Zoom and Microsoft Teams for investor and analyst meetings, in industry conferences, and internal Camden meetings. Beginning next quarter, we hope to offer our quarterly earnings calls on a more interactive virtual platform as well. So stay tuned. As we start 2021, our outlook is optimistic. Our assumptions are based on the first-half of the year and during a continued battle against the COVID virus, with ongoing difficulties for many businesses and workers until the country's vaccination rates accelerate. We hope that the second-half of the year will show improvement as more businesses reopen and more people ultimately get back to work. Fortunately, many of our Sunbelt markets in which we operate, have already reopened businesses and added back many of the jobs that were lost early in the pandemic, setting the stage for recovery in the second-half of 2021 and beyond. I want to thank Team Camden for a great 2020, while the operating environment we faced was one of the toughest ever, you had made sure that we improve the lives of our teammates, customers and stakeholders want to experience at a time well done and thank you. Keith, your chance for change.
Ric Campo: Sure. So the acquisition disposition program is balanced, right? So we have a midpoint of $450 million of acquisitions and a $450 million of dispositions. We feel pretty confident we'll be able to execute on those transactions. The private market is very buoyant, in spite of new protocol for how you underwrite properties today, given the COVID environment. But the - where we're - the strategy this year is going to be very similar to what we did in the last cycle. If you think about the last cycle, we disposed of roughly $3 billion for properties that were average age of over 20 years, and we acquired properties that were on average at the time, five or six years old. And the thing that was really interesting about that - those transactions is that the negative spread on old properties versus new properties was like 21 basis points in terms of AFFO. And so we think the same thing is going on right now where we'll be able to sell older non-core properties with higher CapEx and then buy newer properties with lower CapEx and better growth scenarios. We will be buying in markets where underweighting. So if you look at some of the markets that we have an underweight in, it would be Tampa, Raleigh, potentially Dallas as well Denver. The dispositions will come from our more concentrated markets and those would be Washington, DC and Houston.
Ric Campo: Yes, I would just add to that that California is just a classic example of people can't pay, they just won't. And it's not a function of the California markets are more negatively impacted. It's just a function of the government. Both the state and local governments have just kind of put this - put in the brains of folks that they just don't have to pay. And in all the various legislation and moratoriums and what have you, you just have a group of people that that look at it like getting a free loan from Camden, and ultimately, they will have to pay or their credit will be destroyed. And that'll be interesting to see how that all plays out and how the government responds to that going forward.
Ric Campo: If you look at announcements, for example, of moves of major companies, not only as Austin picking up a ton, including a $10 billion Samsung chip plant that just got announced recently. But 85% of all the office space in Austin is being leased by the fangs, which is pretty amazing when you think about that. So there's a - especially when you start thinking about West Coast migration to Austin and even Houston got a big number as well, Hewlett Packard Enterprises, their software and enterprise group just moved and announced some move to Houston as well. So like Alex says, it's been going on for a long time, but it's definitely accelerating now.
Ric Campo: Well, we think that, as I said, before, the negative spread on the last cycle was 21 basis points, on just what we look, we just look at real cash flows, and I'm trading from one property to another. The challenge with FFO and even AFFO is a better way to look at it.  But generally speaking, the - probably the widest spread we had in the last cycle was 60 to 70 basis points. And even though our budgets are conservative in that they're showing probably the higher end of that negative spread. But ultimately, what I think is happening out there is that when we start selling older properties, the biggest bid in the market today is for value add, and for older properties and so as opposed to newer development recently leased up. And so we think that the spread is going to be similar in terms of negative spread. But the bottom line is, if you look at what we did last time, we had 3 billion of dispositions, 2 billion of acquisitions and then over a billion of development, when you met - when you sort of bring the development alongside the disposition and acquisition program, you end up with a positive FFO contribution and AFFO contribution, in spite of the negative spread. So it's sort of - the way I kind of look at them at the acquisition disposition market today is the pricing is definitely very, very robust, there's a huge private capital bid. And as long as we're taking advantage of that huge bid on our older properties, then we're fine being a top bidder on the newer properties as well. So it's sort of like you're selling low cap rate older properties and buying low cap rate higher properties or newer properties. And that's exactly what we did in the last cycle. And to the extent we can keep that spread, pretty narrow on the negative spread between the cash flow that we're selling versus we're buying, we're going to do as much as we can to improve the quality of our portfolio long-term.
Ric Campo: Yes, so, I spend a fair amount of time with my energy friends debating this issue. And most of them believe that the Biden administration's short-term executive orders and view is going to drive energy prices up not down and improve their businesses sooner rather than later. And part of it is when you think about the - like the ban on new leases for drilling. In Texas, for example, I think we have less than 10% of the entire drilling community is on federal land. You go to New Mexico, it's a different animal. So what people think is going to - are going to happen is, in New Mexico, it's nearly 50%, I believe, or maybe even higher than that. And so in the shale goes into New Mexico, from the Permian Basin. So what people are thinking in Texas is that that people are going to abandon federal land in New Mexico and move over to Texas. And so the Biden - when you think about Biden administration and his climate change issues, it's definitely going to have a positive effect on the price of oil, which will have a positive effect on Houston recovery. The other thing I think that is happening is that the energy transition, the idea that these energy companies are - they know they have to transition to clean energy at some point. And we all also know that you're not going to get rid of fossil fuels for the next 20 years, because there's just no way you can flip a switch and get electrification of the entire highway system and all that. That's going to take decades to get done or maybe a decade or two. And so the Biden administration actually is a positive not a headwind for a Houston and energy recovery, in my view.
Ric Campo: Yes, so we believe that both DC and Houston we'd better in the second half of the year, and that's why we're going to be selling in the second half and not in the first half. And it's clearly - our strategy is based on that thought.
Ric Campo: Well, I think you're exactly right, it gets harder and harder, but I don't think there's an ARB between Southern California and any other market, I think there's still a very robust bid for Southern California in terms of pricing. So there's not - I can't sell in Southern California for a higher cap rate and then buy somewhere else. It's more - from our perspective, it is hard. And our people have done a really great job, our development team in manufacturing transactions that work. But again, it's $150 million to $300 million of starts and that's pretty much all we have been able to figure out at this point. In terms of when we start talking about the buy and the sell, that's a whole lot easier, because as long as we're selling at what we think is really good cap rates we can always buy you just have to be the highest bidder, right.
Ric Campo: Yes, absolutely, so we do not pull that data specific to where they're from and their income. What I do know from all of my friends in New York City that every single time they come to our markets and realize what they can rent and the price of it, my gut is that they are probably used to pay a whole lot more rent and that gives them the capacity to lease with us and also gives them the capacity to absorb rental rate increases over time.
Ric Campo: And I'll add to that we have a banker of ours who has relocated permanently from New York to Houston and when I spoke with him and went through his daily expenses, as he put it, he has no expenses in Houston as compared to what he was - what was costing him in New York City. It is a dramatic uptick in a quality of life. And that's the reason why people have been attracted to send out markets for so long.
Ric Campo: So what I will tell you is - just a couple of sort of facts before we start that discussion. In 2020, the US set a record for 20 billion plus natural disasters. Globally, there were 69 billion natural disasters in 2020. That is causing a global insurance challenge and so to give you an idea, our property insurance - now we do our renewals in May, on May 1, but we are being told that property insurance for us will be up on the premium side about 40%. And that GL will be up almost 100%. This is not a Camden specific issue. This is 100% an issue of the global insurance market. So therein lies the challenge. It's interesting, because I talked to all of my peers, we all have the same problems. As I said, it's not a Camden issue. And in fact, what I will tell you is that Camden is going to do better than most, because number one, we actually develop the vast majority of our real estate. So on the property side we know exactly what's behind the walls. And that's very helpful if you're trying to insure. And then on the GL side, we have fantastic loss claims. So that's going be very helpful for us too. But that's the real issue. And that's what we're all facing.
Ric Campo: No, so you have to remember once again, I said this is a global issue. And when they underwrite us, we do not go out and get property specific insurance. They're looking at our entire book of business. And by the way for habitational, which is one of the least favorite for insurance providers, we score very, very well, because of the quality of our real estate, and the fact that we've had very limited losses and we survived natural disasters exceptionally well. So we score very well. This is not market specific issues. This is across the board habitational. In addition to all people who are seeking either property or general liability insurance.
Ric Campo: If you look at what's in our budget for the full year, we are anticipating renewals to increase by 3% and new leases to be down about 2%, so this all comes back to the original question that our guidance is predicated upon a recovery in the second part of the year. So if we get a strong recovery, then obviously we can push those rents further, I mean push those renewals further. But to Keith's point, what we're currently doing is 3%.
Ric Campo: The answer is no. We have - Well, the answer is yes. We think about our balance sheet all the time, but the answer to are we going to increase our leverage profile beyond sort of the metrics that we have been talking about for a long time, which is keeping our debt to EBITDA between 4% and 5% or four and five times? That's where we're going to stay and we think that the given the we are at the start a new cycle, I think. But on the other hand I remember in I was at my last conference in March, the first week of March of 2020. And that question came up multiple times, people sort of maybe criticizing us for our low debt profile. And then - and they kept asking me, well, what what's going to be the problem? What do you think is going to happen? Why do you need to have a strong balance sheet? And then two weeks later we have the pandemic, and then all of a sudden stock price goes to 62 bucks from $120. The financial - the capital, markets shut down dramatically, including the unsecured debt market. And all of a sudden people started talking about Camden's amazing strong balance sheet best in the sector and they're going to be defensive, and who's got too much debt. And so we're going to continue to keep it one of the strongest balance sheets in the sector, just because there's a potential of a recovery, which I think is going to happen, but we are going to keep our strong balance sheet with us for a long time. That's a fundamental Camden thing you can take to the bank, I think.
Ric Campo: Okay, we have - I don't think we have any other questions. So we appreciate your time today and we will visit with you on our new interactive virtual platform next quarter. Thank you.
Alex Jessett: Sure. So, obviously, LA County and California in general had higher amounts of delinquency. But if you look in the fourth quarter, so LA/Orange County was 7.2% delinquent. San Diego was 5.4% delinquent. That got us to a 6.4% delinquency for California. On the other side of that equation, Houston was 0.4%, delinquent, Denver 0.5% delinquent, Orlando 0.6, Phoenix 0.5 and Tampa 0.4.
Alex Jessett: No, absolutely. So, as you know, migratory patterns have long since favored the Sunbelt. And we're certainly seeing an acceleration of that trend in this current environment. There are a couple of things that we look at. So for instance, our market score very well, when we look at one way U-Haul data, which is certainly an indicator of which markets are attracting and retaining residents. In fact, six out of the top 10 states for one way U-Haul traffic are where we operate. While traditional maybe we should call them out flow states like New York, New Jersey and Massachusetts are ranking towards the bottom. So along those lines, although most of our new residents, in fact, do move within the Sunbelt markets, New York is actually our number one non-Sunbelt provider of new Camden residents. And then finally, when we look at Google search patterns, there is a clear uptick in New York residents looking to move south into certain of our markets. For instance, from February of 2020 through December of 2020, there was an approximate 60% uptick in New York residents searching for Atlanta apartments. And the search volume of New York residents looking for Miami apartments almost doubled over that same period. So we certainly are seeing some very favorable trends, which now keep in mind, as I said in the very beginning, this these migratory patterns are the direct funnel out of the East Coast, West Coast and Middle America into the Sunbelt has been going on for quite some time. But it certainly does look like it is accelerating even more currently.
Alex Jessett: And keep in mind, there's a timing differential in our model. So once again, we're assuming the acquisitions will be midyear with the dispositions towards the latter part of the year.
Alex Jessett: Yes, absolutely and a lot of it circles around bad debt. And so our belief is that bad debt will start to curtail in the latter part of 2021 to be more in line with what we see in a typical year, and sort of using 2019 as our guide, so that's one item. And then the second item is our ability to really sort of push new leases. If you think about it, renewals, we've started pushing those again, but we have not been pushing new leases in our book. But our hope is - and what's in our models, is that we're going to be able to start really sort of pushing there in the latter part of the year, obviously, not to huge numbers, but that's the perspective.
Alex Jessett: One banker doesn't make a trend of three buddy, there's still a lot of us here that love New York City for all the things that provides.
Alex Jessett: So if you look in our supplemental package, we're actually under the development pipeline, we always put them in order. So the first one we have which is Camden Durham, which is the site that we just purchased in the fourth quarter and it was shovel ready. That's $120 million. And then proceeding that is - or following that as Arts District or Cameron Village, so some subset of that, but Durham is the one that we expect to get started pretty soon.
Alex Jessett: Yes. No, absolutely, so here's how I would sort of break out the difference between 2020 and 2021 when it comes to revenue. The first thing is that we are anticipating lower bad debt in 2021. And that was the other component of that our guidance is predicated upon a recovery. So we think we'll pick up about $2 million for lower bad debt. We think we'll pick up about another $2 million for lower fee concessions. And then what we think is higher utility income should be about a million and a half plus. Sharp on the revenue side should be about 1.2 million for us. And then renter's insurance and we've got our new renter's insurance program that we're rolling out should be about a half a million bucks. And that pretty much makes up the delta between our 2020 actual revenue and our 2021 budgeted revenue.
Alex Jessett: Yes. So if you look at our land acquisition in the fourth quarter, this was a shovel ready site. So we effectively bought permits, we bought plans, we bought all of these other things that go along with getting ready - a deal ready to go. So it's really is an apple and orange.
Keith Oden: Well, when you look at the public markets cap rates relative to private market cap rates, there's a massive disconnect. And I guess if you believe that the private markets are right, and the public markets are wrong, then there'll be an adjustment in the private market, right. But when you look at what's going on in the private markets, with a 10 year at 1%, with a reasonable spread, when you think about fundamentally negative interest rates and the ability for people to finance what is going to be a growing cash flow going forward. And even if you're worried about inflation this is a great asset class to own. And so I think at the end of the day, there are no distressed assets out there. And when you talk about distress, for example, we did pick up a development, we knew there was going to be shovel ready developments that we could pick up and we did one of those. The Durham project is a good example of that. And we have some decent land purchases that we've been able to do. But as far as distressed multifamily assets in America, they don't exist. If you think about the last cycle, most of the merchant builders, most of the of the - of anybody who's buying properties in the private side, have a ton of equity in their in their capital stacks, and so there's not a lot of high leverage complicated structural deals out there that you can get maybe now and then, but nothing of any significance.
Keith Oden: So technically, that's two questions. So on the decline sequentially in Houston. There we had 20,000 apartments delivered last year. We're in the process of delivering another 20,000 apartments this year. And that's in into an already pretty weak environment, given what's going on. In even though I think Ric is right and I agree with the fact that the incrementally what's going on right now it's probably going to be a positive for Houston. The damage was already done in the last two years with the decline in the rig count from almost 900 rigs working to about 200 working. So the job losses that were associated with that fall off have already kind of worked their way through the system, but the bottom line is that 40,000 apartments being delivered in Houston at a normal, any kind of a normal absorption rate would require 200,000 jobs to be able to take up that slack. And it's just obviously hasn't happened. Now it looks like our data providers, they're expecting a much better result this year, maybe as much as 100,000 jobs, which would be great. And that would take up to 20,000 apartments that are being delivered this year. But we still have stuff that's kind of working its way through the system from the completions in 2020 that we've got to work through. So I think it's just as simple as that that we have - you got way too much supply. It's hand-to-hand combat on the stuff that's either downtown or inside close in assets, which makes up a decent part of Camden's portfolios, there's just a lot of competition we got to work through.
Keith Oden: And if you look at what's actually in our model, we're assuming 150 basis point negative spread, and we absolutely anticipate that we're going to be able to do better than that.
Keith Oden: So we're in the best parts of California, okay, maybe ex LA, but when you look at a recovery scenario, I think those markets are going to do pretty darn well. So when we start thinking about longer term how we want to sort of position ourselves from a geographic diversification, I'm still good with California recovering in the next two or three years. The question of longer term do you want to put up with the people who don't think they have to pay the rent and the government issues, that's a longer debate. But every time we - when I'm when I'm looking at future cash flow growth, I think Southern California, especially where we are is going to be a - is going to recover and do really well. The dispositions are going to - I mean Ric mentioned earlier, we're looking for the dispositions to come from Houston and Washington DC, and that's based on - the assets are dear in every one of our markets, including Houston. But we're overweight in both of those markets. So at the margins, that's where the dispositions are going to come from.
Keith Oden: Definitely, it's more age driven. And it's cap - what we what we do is we force rank all of our portfolio every year and we look at it every quarter, and we look at total return on invested capital, and what the growth rate on that invest - that return on invested capital will be for the next two or three years, and try to pick properties that are high CapEx with slower growth profiles. And if you have to put in CapEx, it doesn't give you a return than that obviously, lowers that return on invested capital in the future. And so bottom line is it - generally speaking, properties that are older with higher CapEx fall into that category. And when you think about recovery, even in Houston, generally speaking, when you have a recovery, the higher end, urban assets recover at a much faster rate from that perspective, so we don't look at it as, there's going to be a lot of pressure on lease ups and what have you in the urban core. So let's sell those assets and keep our sort of older, higher CapEx assets. So it's more about what we believe the next three years and sort of the drudgery of return on invested capital is after CapEx.
Keith Oden: Yes, so the one market that we've talked about in the past, it's the Sunbelt market that we've spent a lot of time in, trying to make sure that we just understand the lay of the land. We've done all the due diligence that we need to do that to know where things trade and have the right relationships as in Nashville. It has - I mean its right down the fairway of Camden's markets. Its high growth, highly educated population, there's then there's been a ton of new construction in Nashville, but so far that hasn't really shown up in pricing. It's expensive as most of our other cities are. So the one - that market would be one that is going to get a lot of attention, as we kind of look for what - is there an opportunity to expand and do we want to make a bet in Nashville too in the next as part of this rollout. But other than we're really happy with our footprint as you might well know from the geography and how it's performed through this part of the pandemic. So we'd love to add some assets in Nashville over time and make that one of Camden's core markets because it's got all the other characteristics that we look for.
Keith Oden: Yes. It'd be acquisitions first, and then - and obviously, if we could find a multiple asset small portfolio that would be the ideal situation, but those are like chasing the unicorn these days in markets like Nashville.
Keith Oden: Yes, I think there is some anecdotal evidence that people are more mobile and working from home and are renting apartments here and having - and not coming for jobs, per se, but already have jobs in other markets and they're just continuing to working at those jobs.
Keith Oden: Yes, I think the issue of whether people are making more money, can they pay more rent? I think the answer is yes. But right now, the idea that the market is soft enough where you can't push rents today, no matter what people make, right. And so ultimately, as the markets firm up, then the resident bases are higher income and can then take rental increases once we have pricing power to be able to do that. Right now, we just don't, given the pandemic and supply and all that kind of stuff.
Keith Oden: Yes, look, I think New York City is going to be fine long-term, I just think it's going to take longer to get back and same with San Francisco. But you can never write off those urban markets because people want to - they want what the urban markets give and I think the urban markets one of the things I think is really fascinating is urban in the Sunbelt compared to urban in San Francisco, New York and LA, for example. We leased 20 units in our downtown project - property last month. And that was really the highest we've leased in a long time. And even though there's only 16% of the workers that are working in downtown Houston, people are leasing apartments in downtown Houston. So I wouldn't write New York or San Francisco for sure.
Keith Oden: Yes, I don't think it will have any meaningful distinction. And I say that because whatever has been forecast or put in people's models, as far as the actual month of delivery, they've been wrong for the last three years, and that's going to continue. It takes longer. There's still a lot of pressure on skilled labor. The process of going through inspections and getting the city officials to sign off is slower, so that everything that can go against a schedule is going against the schedule right now. So my guess is that even if you had a month-by-month role, I wouldn't put much stock in it as far as accuracy is concerned. And when you get - in a market like Houston, where you're going to get 20,000 apartments it's - it doesn't matter if 2000 of them moved from February to November, the answer is no.
Keith Oden: Well, we like Dallas long-term and we definitely can move some of our exposure up there. We also like to - when you look at their growth profile looks really good over the next two or three years. And so we think that Dallas is going to be a top quartile revenue growth market here in the next few years. As far as Atlanta goes, yes, Atlanta is a large market for us right now. We've been - we have acquired properties here, but we've been more of a developer in Atlanta and we'll probably stay that way for a bit. And our acquisitions, if you look at our markets like Austin, we have 3% or 4% of our portfolio there. And in Tampa, it's like 4.5% and Raleigh, it's 5%. So those are the markets, we're going to try to spend more time in from an acquisition perspective, so we can get that balance a little bit more. And we use start looking at the growth profiles of Tampa and Orlando, or Tampa and Raleigh and Austin even those are all really good strong growth markets long term.
Keith Oden: And Durham is classic - it's an urban project, but it's more urban and Durham is not urban and LA and those yields are going to be - in California we're going to be in the low five and the sort of middle of the countries we're going to push on six.
Keith Oden: Yes, so we're running about from 2% to 3% right now on renewals. And we've got renewals that have gone out for February and - through February and March. And we think we're going to realize somewhere in the 3% range up on renewals. And that's been true. We've been in that range now for since we reinstated raising rates on renewals. So I think that - I think we've proven that that's kind of what the market will allow right now in terms of renewal rates without giving up occupancy. And we still have - our retention rates are still at historic highs in terms of the ability to maintain a residence. So it's clear that we're not forcing any vacancy by where we are on renewal rates right now, which is going to be in the 2% to 3% range.
