Ric Campo: Thanks, Kim. Based on Camden’s operating results in the third quarter for Houston, Dallas, Austin, and Charlotte, the south is definitely rocking again. The continued strength of our operating results has been driven by the same macro factors throughout the year as follows, limited new supply pressure which we think will continue through 2013, continued negative consumer sentiment towards home ownership, and continued employment growth in our markets. Since the beginning of 2010, 2.7 million plus or minus jobs have been created. More than two thirds of these jobs have gone to people 34 and younger, which represents the sweet spot of our customer base. Camden’s markets experience more than double the national average in job growth over the last three months, are projected to exceed double the national average over the next 12 months. If you look over a 20-year historical timeframe, our markets have grown jobs of more than double the national average; we think that’s going to continue. We expect the strong operating fundamentals to continue and accelerate, if we get even better job growth. All of our markets with the exception of Las Vegas did well in the quarter. In spite of the softness in Las Vegas, there are some positive signs in the horizon. Las Vegas posted the best year-over-year job growth in the last month since 2007.  In addition, year-over-year numbers are all pointing upward for Las Vegas. Air traffic is up 8.7%, convention attendance is up 19.6%, hotel occupancy is up 2.1%, average room rates are up 11.1%. With virtually no new supply in the horizon, all these metrics point to better market in the next few quarters of next year. While Las Vegas represents only 6.5% of our same-store net operating income, the underperformance has been a drag on our overall same-store revenue and NOI growth rates. Excluding Las Vegas from the third quarter revenues, our revenues would have increased to 6.8%, 50 basis points higher. NOI would have been 8.1% or 70 basis points higher.  I point this out because I think Las Vegas is a great opportunity for us next year to accelerate growth as the market improves. Our team in the field and the support teams, and corporate teams at the regional office, the corporate office are prepared to step up and end the year strong, I’m sure. So with that, I turn the call over to Keith Olden.
Ric Campo: You bet. Are you talking about the Buckhead site that we closed on in the quarter? We’ll start the first phase of that project in the middle of ’12. It’s zoned for 900 apartments. We have a game plan right now to do it in two phases for a total of about 700 apartments. We paid 40 million for the site, it’s an extraordinary piece of real estate right in the center of Buckhead. We got two parcels that will be out parcels that we’ll be selling and when we’re done with that, our total basis in the project and the land will be about 29 million bucks. And on the number of units that it’s zoned for works out to about $31,000 a door. The land on the total purchase price, net of the two out parcels, and we pay about 30 bucks a square foot, there are very few – there are no land comps available for a tract of that size in Buckhead, but the ones that are available are in the 2 to 3-acre range and the cost per square foot on those would be more likely in the 70 to $75 a square foot. So we’re extremely pleased with that parcel and we think it’s going to be a real anchor for our Atlanta portfolio.  The untrend on phase one, untrended return should be in the 6 ½ to 7% range after we do an allocation of land to phase one. So we’ll kick off phase one sometime in the middle of 2012 and then depending on the progress we make on phase one, we’ll make a determination on phase two. 
Ric Campo: We don’t really – because we have – reprice our portfolio every – online continuously, we really don’t – we don’t even look at the lost to lease as an important metric for us. What we try to give people is guidance regarding what’s going on on renewals and new leases. So it’s – we continue to be able to push rents in our portfolio and obviously with our increase in guidance for the fourth quarter, we think we’re going to be able to continue that in the fourth quarter. 
Ric Campo: You know, we really didn’t, Alex, and there were a lot of conversation about our – what we were doing in the D.C. Metro area, and we did consciously make a decision there because of the structure of our lease expirations that we had coming up. We made a conscious decision there to make sure that we had – maintained our occupancy. And you know, despite all the trauma that that comment caused, at the end of the day our portfolio in Washington D.C. Metro was at the top of the peer group again for the third quarter on both quarter over quarter, sequential and year over year.  But as far as any broader trend or any other adjustments, we did not – we didn’t make any. Again, you’ve heard comments from some of the companies about maybe traffic being below what it was in prior years, which would have led to a slightly different take or strategy on what they were doing on their rental rates, but our traffic quarter over quarter over last year was up 4% across the portfolio.  You know, that just – other than kind of the normal ebs and flows, and seasonality around expiration dates, we just didn’t see it. And we don’t see it right now. And again, based on that, we’ve raised our guidance again for the quarter. 
Ric Campo: Sure. I think D.C. is going to be a solid performer. It’s not going to be a the top of the pack because we have, you know, it’s sort of moving around and if you notice our portfolio, D.C. led the pack into this latest cycle and now we’re having some replacement for that of Dallas and Austin and others.  But I think that overall, D.C. is going to have a reasonable rent growth for us going forward. Maybe not as strong as some other markets. We’re looking very – and when we started that project, the project in Noma, we’re looking real hard at the start numbers, but – and I know there’s been a fair amount of chatter about development in Washington D.C. but when you look at the number of starts that are out there today and the future starts, you know, by 2014, we think we might get back to maybe 75 to 80% of peak deliveries. So I’m not too worried about the supply scenario just yet. Now, if that ramps up dramatically in ’12, ’13, ’14, then I would start getting worried. But between now and really ’13, there’s not a lot of deliveries that worry us too much in the D.C. market. 
Ric Campo: Well, we’re not talking about ’12 or at this point, you know, if you look at Whitten and MPS and some of the other ones that are out there, [inaudible], you know, I’ve seen some numbers that’s, you know, size 3, or 4, or 5, but you know, it just depends on who you listen to at this point. 
Ric Campo: I think that we’re – what we see right now, it’s still a continuation of the trends that have been in place pretty much all year, Jay. The – obviously, the fourth quarter has its own seasonality trends to it, one of which is, in our portfolio we always, 8 out of the last 10 years, our occupancy rate has gone down between third quarter and fourth quarter, so we, you know, no doubt in this space there will be some of that.  The second thing is, is that from the standpoint of lease renewals, we’re still renewing at significant increases, but in the fourth quarter, we just have fewer opportunities to renew those leases. The total transaction volume, third to fourth quarter, the fourth quarter is roughly 50% of the transaction volume that we see in the third quarter. So you’ve just got fewer opportunities to raise rents in that environment and we know that seasonally, we’re – we always have a little bit of down in occupancy. But those are typical expected and despite those factors, we still thing the fourth quarter is going to be strong and based on that we raised our guidance.  People just don’t move around during the holidays. I mean, you want move, change apartments or move to a new home, you know, in the – before Christmas or doing the holidays. People just don’t want to do that. So that’s why the transaction volume goes down, and it’s gone down every single year since I’ve ever been in this business. 
Ric Campo: I don’t think we see – we haven’t seen any major increase in the demographic in our portfolio. The demographic tends to be – tends to be 34 and younger and when you look at married with children, I mean, that demographic naturally is something like 22% or something. And we just don’t have a lot of married with children in our properties. I think that sort of goes to the point Keith was making earlier in his comments, which was that when you look at data out there, you know, I’ve seen in some of your reports where something like 90% of foreclosed homes, people don’t go into apartments, they go into rental housing. That’s why we don’t think that – that demographic just doesn’t go to a 950 square foot apartment when they can rent a 2,000 square foot house in the same neighborhood that they were in when they got foreclosed.  So with that said, when you look at the – sort of the people are getting married later, they’re having children later in life and that shouldn’t push people to buy homes any quicker with the current environment.  I think the other thing that’s important is that given that the government is Freddie, Fannie and the FHA are providing something like 90-plus percent of all sort of confirming mortgages and that’s a real impediment for people to buy houses today because if you don’t have every box checked properly or the proper credit score, you’re just not getting a loan because there’s no banks holding that paper, so they’re not willing to make an exception or make a rational decision on a borrower just because they don’t have a certain box checked, that the government won’t buy it from them because of that.  So I think – I think that’s going to take some time to go through the system. So the homeownership move-out rate, I don’t expect to change very dramatically until we have a significant change in the housing market. Dave Bragg – Zelman & Associates: Well, but just – I think the way we think about it is, if you think back about your long-term average move outs by home rate being 17%, you’re saying that the move outs are in single-family home rate is effectively unchanged versus a long-term average, therefore, far less people are moving out of your communities into single family homes despite what you said was a lifestyle decision that ultimately would come. So I was looking for signs of that demand starting to build within your community as less people move out from your apartments into single family homes. At some point, I would expect that one of those two metrics would have to tick up just based on that. 
Ric Campo: We have seen very little difference in growth rates or demand rates in suburbs versus urban. And we – when we separate our – you know, a lot of people call this B versus A, and in our B versus A, the growth rate in revenue – or the revenue growth rate is just identical to the A. So it’s an interesting dynamic because while we did have an increase in our move-out rate, primarily because – in turnover rate, primarily because we’re pushing rent so hard, it was very similar in the A versus the B.  So you have sort of the same dynamics going on in the suburban projects that you do in the urban. So urban is definitely not out performing suburban, and I think part of the issue with that is that our suburbans tend to be really good surburbans and not sort of me-too suburbans out in the middle of nowhere. And I would think maybe some less quality and location suburbans maybe aren’t experiencing the same kind of growth from a revenue perspective as the sort of A, urban. But based on our portfolio, we have seen just – no diversion at all. Dave Bragg – Zelman & Associates: That’s helpful. Thank you. 
Ric Campo: Good one. Richard Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Think about his voice and you’ll come to the same conclusion. 
Ric Campo: Well, you know, the interesting thing is that there’s just nothing trading in Las Vegas. If we wanted to double down, so to speak, we really couldn’t because there’s, you know, I was there about a month ago and I met with all the major players that are doing transactions and you know, last year there were 14 transactions in Las Vegas and the largest one was like a $20,000 per door deal. This year, only one – there’s only been one institutional quality trade and it was – Colonial bought it and it had to do with the adjacent property to one they already owned plus some land they owned. Beyond that, there has been zero even solid B assets in Las Vegas traded. And it’s sort of the psychology of why would you sell now in Las Vegas after you’ve had the bottom fall out of the market and cash flows dropped dramatically. It would be a fairly silly time to sell now. So most of the owners in Las Vegas are not interested in selling, so you really can’t – if you wanted to buy a big portfolio there, they don’t exist. Richard Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. 
Ric Campo: Yes, our overall credit profile of our applicants is improving. Probably the best stat and way to think of that is looking at household income and in the – between second and third quarter, this is very interesting, the average household income went up about 4.5% in our portfolio. So 62,000 and change to about 65,000 and change in household income, which so on average our – the rent to – rent-to-income stat actually dropped from 18.5% to 18.1%. And some of that is being driven by the fact that when rents decline as they did in the downturn, specifically in markets like Las Vegas and Phoenix where you had 18 to 20% decline of topline rents, you know, people move around and people from B- product, they have the opportunity move up to A product and they do so. As that turns around and you are aggressively raising rent, then naturally, you’re going to be replacing some of those residents that may not have the capacity to take the rental increase.  But the net-net result of that is is that we end up with a more qualified resident as indicated by the household income and really, a better ability to pay even in the face of raising rental rates. Paula Poskon – Robert. W. Baird & Co. : Thanks, that’s all I had. 
Ric Campo: You’re pretty – you’re not going to see that in anybody else’s number. We had some staff turnover in two or our largest communities in South Florida and it was just, you know, one of those things that happens when you have staff turnover. It’s not a market issue, that’s our issue and that’s been addressed and resolved. Mike Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Good to hear. Thank you. 
Ric Campo: Yeah. The renewal increases that are already in place? Or November and December? They’re in the 7 to 8% range. We’ve renewed about 40% of the December rents and about 20% into Januarys. That trend is just going to continue.  In terms of how we think about what’s in the embedded – what’ s in the embedded base, you just – I think it’s more useful to look at, what are you doing in terms of your renewals that you’re actually signing over the existing lease rates. You can then look forward and see what’s the trend on your expiring leases and what’s the gap expected to be.  But to look at it on any given snapshot and take a – when you’re using revenue management to reprice your inventory every day to says what was your lost to lease that day or that moment in time, I’m not sure what that - I’m just not sure what they get you. 
Ric Campo: Great. Well, I appreciate your time on the call today and we’ll talk to you on the next call. Thank you. 
