Ric Campo: Good morning. Our on-hold music theme for today was happy birthday. Last week, Camden’s Board and Executive management team rang the closing bell of the New York Stock Exchange to celebrate Camden’s 30th birthday as a public company. We were joined by the rest of Camden’s 1,700 team members from coast to coast to commemorate this special day. It’s been a remarkable journey, and we want to share a few memorable moments with you. So here we go with 30 years in two minutes and 30 seconds. [Video Presentation] Our business was built to last. In 1993, we started with 6,000 apartments in three Texas markets with an enterprise value of $200 million. Today, we have 60,000 some built geographically and product diverse apartments with a value of $15.5 billion. Over the years, we have created a best-in-class operating and investment team platform that focuses on constant improvement. Camden exists to improve the lives of our team members, our customers and our stakeholders, one experience at a time. Our business continues to be strong. Market conditions continue to moderate from the post-COVID unprecedented housing boom that we all knew would happen. The transaction market is still quiet and with 70% decline from last year. New permits are starting to fall given the difficult financing environment and increased cost of capital. This should bode well for our markets as supply is absorbed over the next 18 months. Move-outs devising family homes to continue to trend lower than past years and quarters. And finally, I really want to give a big shout out to our Camden teams for their hard work and their commitment to providing living excellence to our residents. And next up is Keith Oden.
Ric Campo: Well, the good news is that we’ve definitely started seeing starts decline in all the markets. If you look at the RealPage headline that came out just recently, the headline was – starts finally started to decline – starts in May were down – May over June or June over May were down 13.5%. In June, from last year, they’re down 33%. So clearly, the tight financial markets and the difficulty of getting bank financing and equity financing, along with increased cost of capital is having its – the Fed’s desire result, which is it’s slowing everything down. In terms of absorption, when you look at how we’ve been absorbing in most of our markets, it’s been good. As Alex pointed out in our – in his opening remarks, all of our developments have actually done better than we anticipated from a net absorption perspective. So we think it’s going to be 12 months, 18 months kind of time frame to absorb all this new supply. And then when you think about what the market might look like in 20 – sort of toward end of 2024 and into 2025, it’s pretty constructive for the supply side of the equation. So – and as Alex pointed out, we haven’t seen this – the wall of supply that everybody is worried about. It’s just not really negatively impacted our portfolio. A lot of reasons for that, but one of which is a substantial portion of our properties are just not affected by it because they are lower price points and they’re not in the competitive sort of high end market. So our product diversity is really helping us from a supply perspective. There’s no question about that.
Ric Campo: Yes. The normal course turnover is happening as we would normally expected the big difference in our portfolio in the – over the last six months has been the incidents of sort of what we call short-term notices to vacate. And primarily those are people who have not been paying rent. They’ve been protected by a statutory moratoriums on getting our real estate back in all of our markets that we operate in those moratoriums have run their course.
Ric Campo: Yes. And Austin, just to put a number on the Alex’s point about the move outs to purchase homes, we were about 11% for the last quarter, but as we roll that, that number forward into July, it actually dropped to single digits at 9.8%. We haven’t seen single-digit move outs to purchase homes since you’d have to go back to the great financial crisis. We had a couple of quarters in there where we were a single digits on that metric. And we hit that again in July. So that trend continues for sure.
Ric Campo: Yes. So our overall loss to lease is in the sort of 2% to 3% range. The lowest loss to lease is Phoenix, which is teetering right on the edge of flat loss to lease to a slight gain to lease. And in our highest would actually be San Diego Inland Empire followed by Denver and Nashville.
Ric Campo: Yes. So Houston is right around a 1%. Atlanta is right around call it 0.5%. And then D.C. is actually pretty high, it’s right around sort of mid-4s.
Ric Campo: Yes, right around 1.8%. So if we hit our numbers for the rest of the year getting to December of 2023 that should be 1.8% RNN.
Ric Campo: Yes. Let’s start with a supply question first, and then we’ll come back to the skips and evictions. So one of the things that, that we’ve always done is we – when we think about our operating plan for the year, it’s a – it is very much a bottom up process, and we have to do that because the one big variable in our markets is typically are you going to be impacted by lease ups in your submarket? And so to the extent we have communities that are going to be impacted by competitors and new supply, they need to take that into consideration when they’re thinking about their game plan. So we do a bottom up analysis, and when you do that, and you start with sub – at the submarket level, and if you just we use our own kind of gathering of assets to define a submarket, but if you want to use RealPage, it’s a pretty good proxy for that. So if you’ve got lease ups that are going to be going on in a submarket that we have existing communities in, that’s the first level that that clearly is going to that community will be impacted. And then the second thing you look at is what’s the age of Camden’s asset relative to the new development and our – and we use a filter of 10-year old assets or older, we define them as that’s a different price point and they’re probably not going to be competing with brand new development. So when you take the supply that, that everybody is understandably focused on and concerned about, but if you run it through those two filters, is it in – is it – is a asset that’s being built in a sub-market that affects a Camden asset and is it – is a Camden asset less than or more than 10 years old. When you run all of the supply in all of Camden’s markets through those two filters, what comes out of that is about 15% of the total supply market by market is impact – is impacting a Camden community. So it’s the scary headline numbers of 400,000 apartments being delivered over Camden’s 16 markets in a six quarter period. When you go through the analysis from bottom up and look at is this really likely to impact the Camden community, it turns out that it’s about 15% of the supply is in that, that category. So that’s a big part of the reason why even though you see, sometimes you see these numbers that look kind of crazy in a market like Austin, where over the 2023, 2024 timeframe, you’ve got – in 2023 and 2024, roughly 40,000 apartments being delivered. That’s a scary hell I number for sure. But when you do the bottom up analysis, you discover that really only about 20% of that supply, that’s – it’s even impacting any of Camden’s community. So I think our – so far we’ve been able to handle whatever supply is impacting Camden communities and with the end migration and strong job growth in these markets. And I – we expect that that some version of that is likely to continue throughout 2023 and 2024.
Ric Campo: So yes, we – when we had the situation that I described earlier, which is you have this elevated level of short notice move outs, we absolutely when we – it’s more than double what it should be historically. And we saw that beginning to impact our occupancy numbers in several of our markets in the sort of the May, June timeframe. And we adjusted marketing spend and then we also adjusted pricing to make sure that we maintained our occupancy through this period of time where it’s elevated. I think the good news is that we’re probably pretty far along with the exception of maybe as Alex said, maybe in California possibly a little bit in Atlanta. We’re probably pretty far along in the process of getting rid of that, that cohort of people who’ve been living with us, not paying rent, facing an eviction, and then just leaving of their own volition. There’s a finite number of them. I mean, they moved in, they’ve – many of them been there not paying rent for a couple of years. The gig is up, the time – the clock is running and eventually they will either be evicted or they’ll move out just prior to that. So there’s a finite group. It’s an elevated concern right now. It’s probably got another quarter or so of kind of grinding through that process at the end of which things should return to normal in terms of the cadence of getting note – proper notices being able to backfill pre-lease, et cetera. So I think we’re getting closer to the end of that. We’re just not there yet.
Ric Campo: So construction cost has definitely flattened, but has not gone down. And so in terms of – and when you look at land costs, landholders are probably if you’re really motivated land costs are down 20%, 30% probably. But there’s not a lot of motivated land sellers and a 30% decline in land costs with a construction cost that is – that has stayed flat but not gone up still is very, very hard to pencil. When you think about rental rates and sort of occupancy rates system-wide are not going up as much as they were. So you still have a very, very difficult time penciling development yields today. Hence the significant drop in starts in the June number relative to the June number last year almost third. And we think that that fundamentally because of this dynamic, you’re – and it is not just the lack of availability of funds because if you – if we – if developers could show that they can make a seven plus cash on cash return on a new development I think lenders would probably fund it. But the problem is that if you’re dealing with the current environment, it’s especially with interest rate costs going up as much as they have, that’s a pretty big part of the construction overall project cost. It just doesn’t pencil. And so we have not seen any kind of relief in the construction costs. And I really don’t think you will. I mean, you have a – when you think about just the even though construction is going down in the multi-family space, you still have a lot of contractors that are building out what’s under construction. And that takes 12 months to 18 months. And those folks are really busy now. What will be really interesting to see is that if this continues the way you think, it may continue you should see some pretty interesting cost numbers in 2025, 2026. Because when contractors start looking out into the future and they don’t see a pipeline. They’re going to have to be more competitive and start tightening their margins and thinking about how they have to compete to get the next job in 2025, 2026. So we could see some cost reductions next year towards the end of the year. But right now, the pipeline’s full and contractors are still printing money.
Ric Campo: Yes. The variable rate that we have today is embedded in our run rate and won’t change our numbers. In any kind of capital markets transaction the bond market would be accretive to our numbers this year and next year. The interesting thing when you think about floating rate debt today is that historically floating rate debt has been cheaper than long-term debt. Obviously, with the Fed doing what they’re doing and short-term debt is now actually more expensive than long-term debt. And we expect that to change in the future because over the long-term people [indiscernible] been always cheaper and you have the optionality without having to fixed rates, long-term and all that. But ultimately, with a 4.2x debt to EBITDA, we have one of the strongest balance sheets in the sector. We will take an opportunity to put some of that accretion into our earnings when the market is right for that.
Ric Campo: Well, we definitely have room in our leverage. We’ve always talked that our leverage is going to remain between 4x and 5x. And so we have dry powder to be able to increase the leverage if we choose to with the right opportunities. Today there really isn’t a lot of great opportunities just given the bid ask spread between the buyers and sellers. And given the horizon on construction costs perhaps coming down in 2025 and 2025, 2026 being a lean year for development, it might – it seems to us that that might be something we’d lean into before acquisitions. The comment on joint ventures, no, we will not do joint ventures. We have the most pristine and simple balance sheet in REIT land with zero joint ventures and zero complicated things on our balance sheet. And we’re going to keep it that way. We would rather invest 100% of our shareholders’ dollars into fewer transactions rather than dilute our management’s focus on whose investment we are the stewards of and we just think it complicates our balance sheet and it complicates our world. And we just aren’t going to do that.
Ric Campo: I’ll give you a personal example of this issue. So last year I rented an apartment in Chicago. I opened a bank account at Bank of America that has thousands of dollars flowing through it, I opened a Bank of America credit card, which I immediately ran up to the limit and then defaulted on. And by the way, I’ve never lived in Chicago. I never released an apartment or opened a bank account or had a Bank of America credit card that I defaulted on. My credit score went to 510. And just recently I tried to rent an apartment at a competitor in Charlotte. And the competitor happened to be – happened to know my name because they’re – we’re pretty well known. And they sent the information to a regional Vice President and said, by the way, is Ric Campo really trying to lease an apartment in Charlotte? And the answer was, no, he isn’t. And so this fraud is really interesting, and it’s sort of a cottage industry on the internet where people go on the internet and say, how do you live in an apartment for free for six months or for three months or for nine months? And then they cipher through the system and figure out how to do it. Six months to get my credit score back to where it should be and get all the fraud off of my personal credit report. But having been personally where my identity was stolen and trying to rent apartments with our competitors has been a real eye-opener. And it’s something that unfortunately is happening in our industry.
Ric Campo: Well, I think as Keith pointed out earlier our portfolio, we diversify our portfolio geographically and through product. And the way we do it product-wise is we buy in sub-markets, maybe buy properties that have different price points. And so new development oftentimes is it has to be because of the cost structure in building new properties, you have to be generally at the top of the market. When you think about housing in America and including rental housing, not just single-family for sale, we have a shortage of affordable apartments in America, a big shortage. And so the challenge with that shortage is that the numbers don’t work to build to that middle market. The numbers have to be – when you bring new development, and it has to be at the top end of the market and so – or to the middle top end of the market. And so when you have a portfolio like Camden’s that has a lot of middle market properties that where you think that where the rents are 30%, 40% less than what it costs to do a new development. People are not going to lower their rents unless they have to, which today they don’t have to, you don’t have any major oversupply anywhere, including the Sunbelt. You’re in a situation where those folks that are in those middle market properties are not going to move up into the A properties or the top of the market properties because they just can’t afford them. And so that’s – so our portfolio is built for the long haul. We have – we’re going to have some of our properties, as Keith pointed out, that do have competition from new development, which is the top end of our properties. But a lot of our properties are middle market and they’re not going to be negatively affected. And so – and the idea that Sunbelt supply is always a problem, well, we’ve operated in the Sunbelt for 30 years and we’ve continued to do well in up and down markets and oversupply and undersupply. The good news today is that the market is really efficient. And once a market overshoots supply, guess what? People stop building. And we’ve seen it in all of our markets. And you’re going to be seeing significant declines in starts and in over the next 18 months. And then we’re going to be in a situation where people are going to say, when do you think supply’s going to start in the Sunbelt again after we have really good rent growth towards the end of 2024 and 2025. So the reason the Sunbelt builds is because we need the supply, because that’s where the job growth is, that’s where the end migration is. That’s where the folks are moving and it’s not that you build just to build, you build to make a reasonable rate of return on your investment. And people in the Sunbelt have done a great job in making a return on their investment, but when they can’t, they stop. And so we’re going to see that stop coming very soon. And then we’ll go back to the cycle where we’ve overshoot on the building didn’t happen. So rents will rise and occupancies will rise faster than normal in 2025 and 2026 as a result of that cycle. And then they’ll catch up with supply in 2027, 2028 and rents will – in occupancies will go down probably some a little, but the bottom line is, is that’s just the normal cycle. And the good news is, is that cycle has happened over the last – multiple times over the last 30 years. And we continue to do really well long-term in this business.
Ric Campo: So we have a development pipeline today and the projects we’re starting all have roughly 6% sort of cash flows with an IRR that’s 7.75% to 8%, 8.5% something like that.
Ric Campo: We appreciate you being on the call today and supporting Camden for now over 30 years. We’ll look forward to the start of the fall conference season and we’ll see you soon. Thank you.
Alex Jessett: Yes. So there’s a couple things. The first one is if you actually look at our total turnover, our total turnover is actually is down. And it’s because we have less folks moving out to purchase houses. So that’s the offset of that. And so based upon that, that’s why we actually think we’re going to see occupancy continue to pick up from this level. Keith said in his prepared remarks that we’re at 95.8%, we’re actually going to be about 96% by next week. And so that’s we continue to have strong occupancy because the turnover is maintaining is pretty low. If you look at our bad debt, we think our bad debt for the full year is going to average about 120 basis points. And that is – and we’re thinking that probably in the fourth quarter it should be around 90 basis points that’s compared to historical of about 50 in normal times.
Alex Jessett: Yes. So if you look at the trend, obviously for the second half of the year, we told you new leases would be up 1.5%, renewals up 5%, for a blended 3.25%. At this point in time, we’re heading into our peak leasing periods, and so it’s going to follow some normal seasonalities over the next couple of months. And then obviously coming back down into the fourth quarter. In terms of rents going negative, if you’re just looking at sequential month-over-month, you do typically see some negative typically in November and December, and that’s what we are anticipating. So that being a decline going from October to November to December. And as I said, that’s just typical seasonal patterns.
Alex Jessett: No. I mean, right now we are progressing exactly as we had anticipated. Remember also that we did increase guidance in the first quarter. But so as compared to what we thought when we last increased guidance everything is progressing as we expected.
Alex Jessett: Yes. So Florida for us, we are anticipating I’ll just sort of do it by market. Tampa is up 10%, Orlando is up 10%, and South Florida is up 7%. So obviously some of our higher growth markets in terms of taxes, but that compares to Texas, which we think our total tax number is going to be up 1.4%.
Alex Jessett: No. We do have some reductions in millage rates. This is the total. So if I look at tax rates, we’re anticipating about 1% down in Tampa, 1.5% down in Orlando, and 1.5% down in South Florida on millage.
Alex Jessett: Yes. So clearly Atlanta and California are the outliers, but I will tell you that we are seeing upticks in some of our other markets. That by the way is a good thing. All of the courts have opened up, but all the courts are delayed. And so you’re starting to see some acceleration on the court side, which is really getting folks that have not been abiding by the rental contracts for quite some time, and you’re starting to get them out much quicker now, which is obviously, as I said is a good thing, and you should expect to see these numbers start tailing off pretty good as we move through the year, because once again, the systems are open and things are starting to flow a lot better.
Alex Jessett: Yes. Absolutely. So if you look at the debt that we prepaid, the rate on that debt was about 100 basis points north of our line of credit rates. So it was actually accretive to prepay that debt, and that is the $0.01. $0.01 of the $0.02 increase that we had in our guidance for our full year numbers is coming from lower than anticipated interest expense entirely associated with that early prepayment. I will tell you that in our full year numbers, we are not assuming any bond transactions. Today we could do a 10 year that would be probably at least 75 basis points inside of what we’re borrowing underneath our line of credit. And so if we do a bond transaction sometime this year, assuming that rates hold or improve, it’s going to be accretive to our numbers.
