Ric Campo: Thanks, Kim, and good morning. Our pre-conference music today featured Keith Urban, who is recently named Country Music Entertainer of the Year. That's not why we chose him for our conference call music. That story is too long to tell and I'll let you call Kim for that story later. But to all of you Camden associates, it needs no explanation whatsoever. I want to give a big thank you to our Camden team for the hard work and focus that produced another solid quarter for Camden. You have clearly shown how you improved the lives of our team members, our customers and our shareholders one strength at a time this quarter. The first quarter operating performance was better than we expected. And as a result, we increased the same-store revenue and net operating guidance for the year. 2019 looks to be another strong year for Camden in the multifamily business. Apartment demand continues to be strong, driven by healthy job growth in our markets that continue to exceed the national average. In-migration continues to drive population and household growth in most of our markets. Recently released data from the U.S. Census Bureau's 5-year American Community Survey covering 2012 through 2017, identified the top regional magnets for young adults, ages 25 to 34, who are our largest customer group. This might surprise some of you but Houston led the country for millennial migration followed by Denver, Dallas and Austin. Seattle was the only West Coast market in the top 5. Our markets attracted over 245,000 millennials during this time frame. The migration was driven by strong job growth, low cost of living and the high quality of life offered in our markets. 2019 apartment completions are consistent with the levels in 2017 and 2018 and should be absorbed without much trouble. Our development business continues to create value for our shareholders. Recent developments have been leasing up in line with our budgets. We are continuing to add to the development pipeline for future deliveries. We have completed $217 million in acquisitions in 2019 with a full year budget of $300 million. While the acquisition market remains competitive, I'm confident that our teams will hit or exceed our 2019 target. I'll turn the call over to Keith Oden for some observations on the markets.
Ric Campo: Sure. So hitting the target's pretty easy since it's only $100 million. Exceeding it would be pretty easy given most transactions that we're looking at today are $100 plus million. So, $100 million doesn't buy as much as it used to in the past. In terms of the metros, we like the markets we're in. There is more value probably in the Sunbelt markets. We are seeing a fair amount of merchant builder product that has gone through its lease-up, but hasn't fully stabilized and really hasn't been managed as a stabilized property yet. So that gives us the ability to create that upside from what the going in cap rate is. So all the properties we bought in the last sort of cycle here all have the same attributes. We're buying them in sort of mid-four range and bring concessions off putting some Camden special service and activities in that should drive those cash flows up into the 5s at the end of the second year. Most of them have been --I think all of them have been substantial discounts for replacement cost anywhere from 10% to 17%, 18%. The Rainey Street project we bought is at least a 17% discount to what it would cost us to build it today. But that's sort of what we're looking for and where we're looking.
Ric Campo: Sure. Our leverage we've talked about this in 2009 that we're bringing our leverage down over a moderate period of time, and it's taken us 10 years to sort of get here. And we want to keep our leverage between four times and five times debt to EBITDA. We don't even use that concept of debt to market cap anymore given it became sort of obsolete during 2008 and 2009. And so we're going to stay in that zone. When you look at what was going on in the first quarter, the bond market was pretty rocky at the end of the first quarter -- or into the fourth quarter and into the sort of mid-part of the first quarter, and then it got obviously improved dramatically along with the stock market and stock prices. And so at the time when we were looking at these fundings, we decided to tap the equity markets as opposed to the bond markets given the volatility in the bond market at that time. So we're going to keep our powder dry to a certain extent, and part of that has to do with just our fundamental belief that we should operate with lower leverage, and we should get a better multiple for -- better stock multiple from investors over a long period of time with that kind of leverage. And then second, we're getting to the point where, I think this is the longest recovery in the history of the U.S. in June. And so, with that said, it's just I think prudent to have lower leverage this late in the cycle. We'd rather be at the lower end of the leverage spectrum versus the higher end of the leverage spectrum. So that, when we do have a cycle we have plenty of dry powder to take powder to acquire properties from folks that don't have that same view. And have higher leverages and have to sell their properties in a down market.
Ric Campo: Sure. It's definitely an asset-specific play. We've been monitoring this property for a couple of years. It is in the downtown area. And it's on the east side of Austin and not in the sort of core downtown which makes it more affordable. The rents are -- when you look at Austin I mean the rents are $3 a foot plus in the downtown core. But they're less on the sort of east side of Austin. So, we like the idea behind being in downtown. You are two miles from UT. Google just broke ground on a property where we work across the street. So it just balances our portfolio really well in Austin brings our NOI contribution up a bit as well which is important, and it gives us that balance between sort of high-end urban downtown product, versus our suburban product as well. And we like that balance between urban and suburban, so that when the market -- when you do have sort of cycles at the market will obviously have over time, we have that good balance from a diversification perspective.
Ric Campo: No. We're still tracking about -- it's same as we did in the first quarter, which is really strong but it's not -- our outperformance relative to our plan in L.A., Orange County was $150,000 on revenues. So it was not like it was a big surprise to us. The change in L.A., Orange County, a pretty decent part of that pick up was that one community it's our -- the Camden Community in Hollywood, and some of which is burning off concessions from the prior year in addition, to which we've got a one-time -- our signage income, which came in, in the first quarter, which is more of a timing issue from the prior year. But of the total outperformance of $150,000, a pretty good chunk of that was at the Camden but again not unanticipated for us. Our footprint is a little bit different than many of our competitors in L.A., Orange County. But this is -- our performance is really pretty much on track with where we expected it to be for the year.
Ric Campo: Well, the good news is that's really hard to disrupt a place to sleep. You can't digitize that. You need a place to sleep you generally need a bathroom you don't necessarily need a kitchen anymore. But that's the good news for apartment. So, we don't think disruption is going to be a major issue for our business. But we do think that that clearly transportation's going to be disrupted and the use of real estate overall is going to be disrupted. If you look at parking as a percentage of the built environment, it's a little over 50% of the built environment in America today, right? So, when you start thinking about autonomous cars, and Rideshare, and things like that most projections show that the amount of cars and their requirement for parking is going to be reduced over a reasonably short period of time, like 10 years. So, what we've been doing is making sure that when we build our garages like the -- you're probably talking about a NAREIT story that was up there about our property in Denver. So, what we're doing is we're designing them in a way where we usually -- primarily, use poured-in-place concrete as opposed to sort of Tinkertoy sort of concrete. In that way the structures are more sound. They're always sound, but for sure they're easier to convert on flat floor plates. We try to keep the circulation on the ends and make sure that we have plenty of chassis for electrical and plumbing so that we can put those in and don't have to kind of break out concrete in the future. So, we're probably spending a little bit more in terms of future adaptation of those spaces, but it's not enough to move the needle on our returns. They're still reasonable from that perspective. I think there's going to be a lot of interesting changes in the future and everything is going to mobile and it's already on mobile and we're working on a lot of mobile solutions for -- to help our residents with their lifestyle from the ultimate package issue that's out there still that everyone's wrestling with. Ultimately, we think there'll be a mobile solution that allow packages to be put directly into the apartments via an app. I think that's going to be really a win for us not only on the revenue side because we think there's revenue opportunity there but also on the expense saving side when you start thinking about not having to deal with a lot of those issues in the office where our folks had actually deal with more customer service issues as opposed to those kind of issues.
Ric Campo: I'm going to add one other comment on that and that's the third level which really is -- it gets down to where the rubber meets the road and those are the people that are working on these properties every single day. And when Keith mentions that Camden's been on this Great Place to Work list for 12 years, it does matter when people are smiling and hitting customer service rates at 90%. We have an awesome team there and they're able to squeeze out a little bit more revenue. I believe in our competitors and manage expenses a little bit better as well just because they have that attitude and that culture.
Ric Campo: Yes. We are. And the lease-up velocity is pretty much on track. We're on track on our budgets. And it's going to be a great project. Houston has had a -- the downtown area and midtown, that's where all the supply has been concentrated. It's starting to move out into the suburbs now. But we're excited about that project and it's going to be a great long-term asset for Camden.
Ric Campo: Sure. So number one, our credit quality has not suffered at all. I mean, you can -- when you think about credit quality, if we had a credit quality issue you would see bad debts tick up. Our bad debts have been very consistent for a long period of time. I think -- I do think though, however, that people generally have issues when they're not getting their paycheck. And so whether their credit is still good, but most people are not saving a lot and they're -- and it's a complicated dance. Well, if you look at our 18.6% rent income that tells us that they're spending money elsewhere. And a lot of them have other expenses that that they have to deal with as well. So -- and I think part of it too is that, you hear in the media where the people are reaching out to the government workers who haven’t -- they aren't getting paid and so they sort of think they can get something for free to a certain extent. Now we didn't waive rent. What we did was waived deposit -- waive the late fees and worked with them to get the rent paid and they actually all paid the rent. So it's more of a timing issue than anything else. And, like I said, it was a handful. And the interesting thing, it wasn't just D.C., because the government workers were all over the country. And we had some people in California, we had people in Colorado. And I don't think that they're -- that if they miss one month of income, they're in trouble. But I think that several months would hurt most people.
Ric Campo: Yeah. I think it's something that we would all love to be a part of the S&P, but it's not like you go audition for it. So we'd love to be. I mean, it would be an important thing and it's a positive. There's no question about it particularly in this world of index funds. It's just – it would be a good thing. So if anybody from S&P's on the line listening we're available.
Ric Campo: Great. Well thanks so much. We'll see you at NAREIT coming up. Appreciate the opportunity to be with you today. Thank you.
Keith Oden: Thanks, Ric. Our first quarter revenue results were a little bit better than planned, which is certainly a good sign for the balance of 2019. Overall, same-store revenues were up 3.7% for the quarter and 0.8% sequentially. First quarter of 2019 revenue growth was 4% or better in six of our markets with Denver at 5.5%; L.A. Orange County 5.2%; D.C. Metro 4.7%; Phoenix up 4.6%; Atlanta up 4.2%; and Orlando at 4% even. Contributing to our revenue outperformance for the quarter were D.C. Metro, L.A. Orange County and Atlanta. And as expected our weakest markets were B-minus rated Austin, Dallas and South Florida. Regarding rents on new leases and renewals, in the first, quarter new leases were up 1.1% and renewals up 5.5% for a blended growth rate of 3.3% that compares favorably to the first quarter 2018 blended rate of 2.8%, and to the prior quarter of 2.4%. As we expected, we're seeing seasonal improvement in new lease rates from January through April. And we anticipate this trend to continue throughout our peak leasing season. April preliminary lease rates are running at 2.9% for new leases and 5.5% for renewals for a blended rate of 4% even. April results combined with our May, June renewals going out at a 5.7% average increase gives us confidence that our leasing momentum should meet our expectations through the summer months. Our qualified traffic continues to support above-trend occupancy levels across our platform. We averaged a strong 95.8% occupancy in the first quarter which matched the 95.8% last quarter, and was above our first quarter 2018 level of 95.4%. April occupancy came in at 96%, compared to 95.7% last April, and the net turnover rate for the quarter fell again to 38% versus 39% last year. Our rent-to-income continues to reflect strength as our average rent as a percentage of household income, remained at 18.6% the same as last quarter and only a fractional increase from the 18.3% last year. Interestingly, our move-outs to purchased homes fell slightly to 14% even versus 14.1% for the first quarter of last year and the full year rate in 2018 of 14.8%. Despite some recent reports of millennial returning to the single family for sale market in greater numbers to the extent that reports are correct, we've yet to see an impact in our markets. Finally for the 12 consecutive year, Camden was included in FORTUNE Magazine's list of the 100 Best Places to Work. We celebrate this honor on behalf of the entire REIT industry as an indication of how much progress we've made collectively in the last 26 years. Camden is a great place to work. It's also a great place to live. Congratulations to our team on achieving our goal of 90%, customer sentiment score in the first quarter. Your commitment to improving lives one experience at a time made this possible. Now I'll turn the call over to, Alex Jessett.
Keith Oden: Yes. I don't think we're going to see anything like that Austin. But it was -- we did see a pretty decent increase in the April numbers for the new lease rates jumped to about 2.8%. I think it's more likely that the renewal rates will stay about where they are throughout the year in the 5%, 5.5% range. I'd be surprised if the new lease rates got much above where they were for the April number. So I don't think that's likely. I think it's likely that we'll see sort of steady improvement. The 2.8% may not even be repeated for the next two months after that. But for the full plan -- for the full year that should be about the right number for new lease rates. So, on a blended basis you're going to end up still closer to the 3%, 3.5% lease rate gain for the year.
Keith Oden: I don't think that's going to be the case. We have a couple of positive things in most of these markets. And when you think about -- when we think about why we're in the markets we're in, it's about pro-business, it's about population growth and employment growth and that drives job growth. And at the end of the day these markets are affordable markets from a cost of living perspective. So even if you -- the rent sort of shock that you're getting in some of these other large markets, where you have the same balance between supply and demand that really drives the price of housing up, you just don't have that as much in these other markets, because we can build and we can create that supply for the demand that's there. So there aren't any major markets that we are in that are considering rent control the way -- or that -- I mean there's always discussion about it, because at the lower ends when you start thinking about teachers and fire fighters and folks like that, they are getting pushed out into the suburbs. They can't live in the downtown or urban areas in any market including Houston or Dallas or Austin. But as you go out into the suburban areas, the price of housing drops pretty dramatically and it becomes affordable. The argument of whether you should be able to live in a downtown high-rise at $3 a foot is an interesting argument, but people aren't trying to control that rent, because they can go out of the suburbs and get properties at $1.20 or $1.30 a foot.
Keith Oden: If you leave it to completions and employment growth, Witten's forecast sure. I mean, he's got the supply in Camden's markets ticking up in 2020, although there is -- I can tell -- it goes up to about 150,000 from 137,000. However, I would caution you that for the last three or four years every forecast for completions has been moved out further, because it takes longer and because the labor shortages on getting these communities turned, some of its product type, you got more high-rise, so it just takes longer to construct and longer to lease up. So every forecast that we've seen for the last four, five years on year out deliveries some of those deliveries are going to slip. But in the aggregate, yes, it's somewhere around 150,000 apartments unless -- subject to the slippage that we know occurs. So not a huge increase across Camden's portfolio.
Keith Oden: Yes. When we look at it's a footprint issue. It really is. And we just have a higher percentage of our assets that are more suburban. They're great assets. We have a very young portfolio in D.C. We just completed two new construction projects in D.C. Both of them leased up incredibly well at better than pro forma rents. So, it's -- but you're talking about the differences instead of -- in the downtown space in NoMa, it's $3 a square foot. In NoDa and Shady Grove, it's $2 a square foot. So, it's just -- it's primarily a price point issue and a mix -- an asset mix issue. We did outperform in D.C. relative to our plan. We did about $160,000 better on the revenue side than what we thought we would do in the first quarter. And that's continue -- it looks like that's continuing into April as well. But I would say it's more -- the biggest difference from us and the peer group would be the footprint.
Keith Oden: Well, the projects that are in lease-up are meeting our expectations and they tend to be -- if you look at those projects, they're more suburban projects less urban. And we then move on to the ones under construction. These are seriously urban projects. So when you look at the downtown project Lake Eola and also Buckhead, these are high-rise concrete construction projects, which are going to trend lower in terms of yield than the more suburban wood-frame projects. So our yields are going to be in the 6% range, plus or minus for the development communities and they're probably more like the 6.5% to 7% in the completed communities under lease-up.
Keith Oden: Absolutely. We want to make sure that we take care of our residents and customer service is a big issue. So if somebody comes in and says, look I can't pay my rent this week. I don't want a late fee and I'm a government worker, you'd say fine. And we sent that out as – actually, we were proactive on that and then our teams sent out guidance to everyone across the platform and said if somebody has an issue take care of them.
Keith Oden: Well, it'd be interesting and nice I guess. But we don't have any control over that. And so I don't really worry about things I can't control.
Keith Oden: We are continuing to target $300 million a year. The challenge that we have today is that construction costs continue to rise, land prices continue to rise and finding transactions that can – where we could ramp up that is real difficult. And we are very, very focused on getting the right returns and disciplined in how we allocate the capital. I do think that even lower – sort of the economy going longer and rents doing well and all that is great. But we are still in late cycle and we don't feel like that it makes sense to ramp it up dramatically. And we really, can't because of the constraints that we put on our return requirements. I guess, if we decided to lower our hurdle rates and just sort of put the pedal to metal we could but that's just something that over the years we just don't do.
