Richard Campo: Thanks, Kim. The theme for on-hold music today was celebrations. We recently learned that we were included once again on the Fortune Magazine's annual list of the 100 Best Companies to Work For. This marks 17 consecutive years that Camden has been included on this prestigious list. We celebrate being on the list because it shows that Camden employees value and appreciate being part of a great workplace. 2/3 of a company's score for inclusion on the Fortune list is based on anonymous third-party administered employee survey. If a company's employees don't love what they do in their workplace, there's no chance that a company would ever make the list. The survey consists of 60 questions, and the most important is the final one, which asks employees if they agree with this statement. Taking everything into account, would you say this is a great place to work? 95% of the Camden teammates agree with this statement. This is truly remarkable and certainly a cause for celebration. We believe that smiling, motivated and committed Camden teammates serving our residents with purpose and commitment to living excellence, leads to smiling customers, which always leads to smiling shareholders. I want to thank Team Camden for their continued support of improving the lives of our teammates, our customers and our shareholders [indiscernible].  With the first quarter behind us, I will jump right into the issue that we spend most of our time talking about, apartment supply in our markets. Yes, we are at 30-year highs for apartment deliveries. And yes, that is limiting rent growth in most markets for now. The good news is that the market is adjusting quickly to the post-COVID low interest rate development frenzy. March apartment starts were the weakest since April of 2020 and are down 53% from peak volume and falling. Starts will likely fall to just over 200,000 apartments in 2025, primarily driven by low income properties using tax credits and other government support. New delivery should peak in 2024, falling by 31% in 2025 and 50% in 2026, which would be a 13-year supply low point.  Apartment demand continues to be strong. During the first quarter, apartment absorption was over 100,000 apartments, the best first quarter demand in 20 years. The main drivers of apartment demand are population and employment growth, apartment affordability and positive demographic trends. The most recent 2022-2023 census reported that the top 10 cities increased our populations by 710,000. 9 Camden markets are in the top 10. The bottom 10 cities reported a loss of 200,000 people. These were major cities on the West and East Coast where Camden has limited exposure. Employment growth has been robust in all of our markets, except Los Angeles, which continues to struggle.  Apartment affordability continues to improve as residents wage growth has been above 5% for the last 17 months while rents have been relatively flat. Consumers are spending less of their take-home payout for apartments. New Camden residents pay 18.8% of their income towards rents. Mortgage rates and rising home prices have kept move-out to buy homes at historic lows. 9.4% of our move-outs in the first quarter were attributed to a resident's buying-a-home, lowest in our history. The monthly cost of owning a home today is 61% more than leasing an apartment. This is not going to change anytime soon.  Demographic trends continue to be a tailwind supporting demand from high propensity to rent groups, including young adults, age 35 and under. Apartment should take a larger share of household formations given these demand drivers. 2024 demand should be sufficient in spite of supply concerns to set up accelerating rent growth for 2025 and 2026, assuming the overall economy continues on the current trajectory. Keith Oden is up next. Thanks. 
Richard Campo: I think the fact that we can pivot with technology the way we have through adapting to the sort of bad guys who come in and use identity theft to lease apartments and then go through the process. So the fact that we're trying to -- that we're able to pivot with new technology to be able to find out -- to meet those people out before they get into our properties is a big part of the equation. And it's sort of like anything else when you have -- when the bad guys figure out that they can't get in the front door, they go to somebody else. And so I think I'm really excited about being able to deploy technology as quickly as we did and adapt to that situation. 
Richard Campo: Well, clearly, the -- when you think about how you set up for '26, '27, it would be on the development side of the equation, we have a decent pipeline that we can start. And -- and I guess the real question is, when do you pivot? And I think as we see more cards in terms of how the absorption and the demand continues, if it continues the way we think it could and should continue given everything that we talked about earlier, then you will see us pivot and get more aggressive on the development side towards the end of the year and beginning of next year.  Clearly, right now, the best trade in the first quarter was selling assets and buying stock. And we're buying stock at a high 6 cap rate when the market is trading today at a low 5 cap rate. And so it's a very reasonable trade to make. And so ultimately, we'll be able to pivot to a more aggressive mode when we start seeing that the supply does get taken up between now and, say, the middle of the summer. And we really need to see that the peak leasing season and how that unfolds for us to get more aggressive at this point. 
Richard Campo: I think the difference is, is that pretty much everybody talks to their book, and that's part of it. 
Richard Campo: No. Well, sure, you're going to -- we're going to -- if we didn't believe what we're saying, we wouldn't say it, and I'm sure they believe what they say. But the issue is they're not operating in these markets. So I'm not going to opine about what San Francisco is doing, even though San Francisco hasn't added back their jobs that they lost during COVID, yet -- if you look at -- so we look at our markets, and I use a fair -- we use a fair number of data providers. And when you look at some of those data providers, they show pretty good demand and their numbers are sort of -- when you look at [indiscernible], for example, [indiscernible]  around for a long time, showing accelerating rent growth in 2025 because of the excess of this demand that's coming from multifamily because of all the things we talked about at the beginning.  So -- so I think there's a certain amount of bias that everybody has about their own markets, and we operate in these markets. We're seeing what's happening every day. Pretty hard for me if I had 2 properties or 3 properties in New York City, does that give me a sense of what's going on in New York City and the answer would be no. You have to have a broad sense of these markets. We've operated in our markets for over 30 years. We understand how the dynamics work -- and some of the numbers are just incredibly compelling. Like, for example, let's take LA and San Francisco. Both have -- LA still has 43,000 jobs lost since 2019, San Francisco, 52,000 jobs lost. Dallas added 418,000 jobs from '19, Houston 233,000, Austin 205,000, Phoenix 223,000. So the bottom line is, is that what's been driving the markets in the Sunbelt continues to drive those markets. And the fact that our West Coast and East Coast brethren are doing better than us from a revenue growth perspective is because their hole was so deep that they're just crawling out of a deep hole. And yes, that's a good way to place stocks now and then. But I don't understand the 100 basis point gap between the implied cap rate for Mid-American Camden versus Equity and AvalonBay. And so because ultimately, what's going to happen is that when the markets write themselves from a supply perspective, the same thing that drove outperformance of revenue growth in the past, which is job growth and household formation and all the positive things that are going on in these markets is going to continue.  So unless you bet that we're going back to the sexy 6 cities that get all the growth, I don't think that's going to happen. I think there's a fundamental change in the dynamics between growth in these markets and growth in the East Coast, West Coast markets. And we can all agree to disagree, but that's what you guys do is you buy stocks based on that, right? So we'll see who's right. 
Richard Campo: Well, development needs, it would be -- if you look at our development page in our supplement, you'll see where we have development and where they're positioned. And we have developments. I would say that the closer ones would start would be Charlotte. And Charlotte is absorbing, you think about the supply push, and Charlotte has a big supply push, but we're leasing over 40 units. We're leasing 40 units a month at our new developments there. And it's just really quickly and at a decent rates and -- and so I would say it would be -- go down that list, and you'll see where it is. But the economic issues, some properties, clearly, depending on where you are, we have 2 developments in Nashville, for example, and Nashville does have a bigger supply issue than most cities between Austin and Nashville have the biggest supply -- the new supply coming online. So we're going to take a hard look at those numbers.  But when you look at current cap rates today, I know it hurts people's head to think that they're in the low 5s, we have trades that are going on today in the high 4s. And even though you have negative leverage, they're basically buying based on the pound. They're buying at 40%, 50% of replacement cost and their bet is, is that when supply is absorbed, that there is going to be rent spikes that happened in 2026, '27, '28 that are going to be similar to '12, '13, '14 -- and that -- and so if you -- if we do a pro forma like that, then most of our developments are going to be in the 6s. And so I think that makes sense. But the question is, we still need to see this the leasing season this year and have more confidence that before we commit a lot of capital to development, we need to see more cards. And so to me, it's just looking at the supplement, you'll see where our starts are. 
Richard Campo: Well, I think the idea that you have the risk of recession and hard landing or soft landing, that's out there for sure. There's no question about that. And I think that's what [indiscernible] about, right? I mean if you look at the first quarter and then the print -- the job print that just happened, 175,000 jobs that was published today, I think that job number -- the consensus was [indiscernible] -- and of course, the market rallies to 10 years rallying big time [indiscernible] because that's a kind of scenario, right, where it's not [indiscernible] and so I think that question is I think there's still a concern about what the Fed does and do they ease or do we have a soft landing.  If we have a hard landing, then all bets are off, right? I mean what drives multifamily demand and any demand for any product ultimately is economy, so economy today is good. The jobs have been plentiful, and they've been primarily in the Sunbelt. And I think as long as we have the same kind of economic construct or a soft landing scenario, then work demand to take up the supply and our numbers will be what our numbers are. But on the other hand, if you have a hard landing and we lose 2 or 3 million jobs, then [indiscernible]. 
Richard Campo: Well, the -- you're right, we don't like JV, so we won't be doing that. We have the most pristine balance sheet from an ownership perspective. We own 100% of everything we own. We don't have any partners, so we do what we want when we want to do it.  The issue of capital allocation, it's one of those interesting discussions. We've always said that if there's a big disconnect between our stock price, our stock price is 20-plus percent below what we think the value of the underlying assets are and that it's persistent over time when we can sell assets and buy stock, that is something we do. And we obviously did that in the first quarter, and we'll be considering that again as we go forward into the rest of the year.  And then ultimately, when we decide to move to offense, in terms of starting new developments and potentially acquisitions as well, I think this market is an interesting market. If you look at just the -- maybe the [indiscernible] going to improve people's outlets on transaction volumes because it sort of people came in at the beginning of the quarter when the tenure was doing pretty well at the beginning of the quarter and then all of a sudden had the big run-up that sort of [indiscernible] the energy that people had in the transaction market because if you look back, we're at transaction levels that haven't been seen since 2014.  So there's just not a lot of deals going on. But there should be some interesting opportunities to buy and sell where we sell some of our properties, buy other properties just to move the [indiscernible] on our portfolio to improve the quality and ultimately, the growth rate going forward, maybe market concentration.  So we'll look at all of those things. But like I said before, -- the -- in order for us to go on offense, we really have to -- have the peak leasing season come through the way we think it will. 
Richard Campo: We clearly will -- we do -- we would like to expand some of the markets like Keith pointed out, we have 2 properties in Nashville. We definitely need to have more exposure there. And we've talked over a long period of time about lowering our exposure in Houston and lowering our exposure in D.C. and increasing our exposure in some of the other markets where we have 3% or 4% of our NOI in, and we will continue to monitor and manage our portfolio over the next few years in that regard. 
Richard Campo: Well, we appreciate your time today, and we did get it done under one hour, which is a record, even though we are the last but not the least in terms of reporting. So we'll look forward to seeing you in NAREIT, and thank you for being on the call. Thanks. Bye. 
D. Keith Oden: Thanks, Ric. Our first quarter 2024 same-property performance was better than expected, primarily due to lower levels of bad debt and favorable trends for insurance and property taxes, which Alex will discuss in detail.  Overall, operating conditions across our portfolio are playing out as we expected. In our market outlook on last quarter's call, we projected our top 5 markets for revenue growth this year, would be San Diego, Inland Empire, Southeast Florida, Washington, D.C. Metro, LA Orange County in Houston. Not surprisingly, those were, in fact, the top 5 performers for the quarter with same property revenue growth ranging from 3.4% to 6.2% in those markets. And as anticipated, we are seeing the most challenging conditions in Nashville and Austin, with those markets showing slightly negative revenue growth for the quarter.  As we previously disclosed, we initiated a marketing strategy during February to boost occupancy going into our peak leasing season, allowing us to then increase pricing power. Rental rates for the first quarter had signed new leases down 4.1%, and renewals up 3.4% for a blended rate of negative 0.9%, with average occupancy of 95%. Our preliminary April results show an improvement of 230 basis points for signed new leases to negative 1.8% with renewal rates at 3.4%, resulting in a positive [indiscernible] blended rate. We believe our strategy was successful with April occupancy averaging 95.2% and recently trending around 95.4%. Renewal offers for June and July were sent out with an average increase of 4.2%.  And finally, turnover rates across our portfolio remain very low, driven by fewer residents moving out to buy homes. Net turnover for the first quarter of '24 was 34% compared to 36% in the first quarter of '23. I'll now turn the call over to Alex Jessett, Camden's President and Chief Financial Officer. 
D. Keith Oden: We're back basically where we want to be from an occupancy standpoint. We were 95.2% at the end of the quarter, and we've actually trended up a little bit since then in the month of April, where we got to 95.4% occupied. And again, we're not looking for making the decisions on pricing. We're not looking at necessarily what in-place occupancy is. We're looking at 6 weeks, 8 weeks out on projections. And as we look at what we see right now, we've got -- regained the occupancy in real time that we wanted to. And the next step is you push rents.  So I think our -- the opportunity that we're going to continue to have in the better markets that are less supply impacted, we'll be able to push rents and should be able to hit our revenue targets for the year. I'm certainly pleased to see the kind of relative pricing power that we have in our D.C. Metro and in Houston. Those 2 markets are really important for us. They're 25% of our same-store pool. And those are both performing really quite well. And I think that there's a good chance that, that will continue. 
D. Keith Oden: Yes. So the -- we use -- again, [indiscernible] numbers primarily because I think he does a little bit better work, more detailed work around the pace of deliveries. And across Camden's portfolio for 20 for this year, Witten projects about 230,000 of completions. Now if you get into the granularity of how that occurs, there's probably a slight deceleration to that because Witten's got deliveries in 2025 at about 200,000. So a decline overall of about 30,000 year-over-year between '24 and '25.  But the question of that deliveries that are going to happen in 2025, I don't think there's any question that that's going to be front-end loaded because if you go back and look at the [indiscernible] data was kind of falling pretty dramatically if you kind of go to reverse engineer it 18 months backwards. So my guess is that that's pretty front-end loaded in 2025. And obviously, supply is supply, and we'll have to deal with it. But I certainly don't see 2025 being a worse scenario for us than 2024 in terms of just the total number.  And so far, because of all the factors Ric mentioned, our absorption rates have been really strong. And if you look at what's projected under the sort of the status quo scenario for employment growth and then continued in migration to the Sunbelt, 2025 looks if all things are equal and no hard landing, 2025 looks like another really good year for absorption of apartments. So front-end loaded supply, continued really good demand in 2025 sounds to me like a pretty constructive environment. 
Alexander Jessett: Yes, absolutely. So when we're looking at new leases, we're assuming that we're going to be probably right around a negative 2% for the second quarter and then negative 1% for the next 2 quarters after that. 
Alexander Jessett: No. It's absolutely what we think we're going to achieve. Obviously, what we do is we look at the conditions on the ground, we look at our third-party data providers, and we take all that information and just like we do our original budgets, we do reforecast from the community level on up, and so this is exactly what we expect to achieve. 
Alexander Jessett: Well, if you think about it on the occupancy side, all of our markets are doing better than we thought on occupancy. And then clearly, we're bringing down the rental rates. The rental rate bring-down is generally across the board. The offset, once again, is the much lower bad debt. 
Alexander Jessett: Yes. I mean here's probably the best way to think about it. We're assuming a 75% blend new lease and renewals for the full year, 75 basis point positive. And so you've got a component of that, that is picking up the earn-in. And then you've got -- which is about 50 basis points. And then you've got the 25 basis points that you're getting from the market rent growth to that. So I guess it is 75 basis points. To that, you're going to add to 10 basis points of higher occupancy '24 versus '23, that gets you to 85 basis points. And then we're assuming that our bad debt is going to be 75 basis points for the full year. That compares to 140 basis points last year. So that's a 65 basis point pickup, and that's how you get to the 1.5%. 
Alexander Jessett: That's exactly right. So we're assuming that we're going to be at about 95.4% for the second quarter, 95.5% for the third quarter and 95.4% for the fourth quarter, so exactly in line with your math. 
Alexander Jessett: Yes. So what I was referring to, Eric, is the -- when we think about making adjustments to strategy, obviously, we use YieldStar and YieldStar is forward-looking. It's always looking at least 8 -- 6 to 8 weeks out for trends. It projects kind of what future occupancy is going to be based on where our portfolio is at the time, renewal -- lease renewals that are upcoming, et cetera. So when we have -- when we're making strategy changes, it's in conjunction with our revenue management team who are using the tool that we have, which is you'll start to inform us about not like what's on the ground today. That's obvious. We know what that is.  The question is, what is it going to be if we continue on this path and either don't make a strategy change or we do make a strategy change, what does that project our occupancy to be 8 weeks out? So as we look at it today, we're encouraged that to the point where we're going to -- the tool and the algorithm that is YieldStar is going to say, you have the opportunity to increase rents across certain markets, and we'll take advantage of that. But that's -- that's all I was referring to is that the model is forward-looking. We used the model and obviously, with a lot of history and experience and judgment applied to it to help us make decisions about strategy. 
Alexander Jessett: Well, so the first thing I would tell you is, we think bad debt as it is today is absolutely sustainable. Keith talked about it quite a bit. If you think about Atlanta was one of our problem markets. And obviously, we have legislation there that's really helpful for us today and making sure that we can enforce contracts. And so we think we are today is certainly sustainable, and that's why we have it running through the rest of the year. Getting below 50 basis points, which is the long-term average, I think we'll have to see.  What we're trying to figure out today is whether or not consumer behavior has changed for the worse. And if it has, then I think it's going to be probably a constant battle through the use of technology to offset consumer behavior. But at this point, we're optimistic that we can at least get back to 50 basis points, but certainly not putting any bets on getting better than 50%. 
Alexander Jessett: Yes. No. So if you think about it, the negative 1% is fairly consistent from the third quarter and the fourth quarter. So -- but the offset to that is obviously renewals. And so we're assuming that renewals are going to be close to 4% for the third and fourth quarter. So that's the offset, and that's how you get to the blend that we're talking about. And just once again, the blend that we're assuming in the third quarter is 1.6% and 1.2% in the fourth quarter.  So whether or not there comes a point in time where new leases are flat, we do not have that running through our model today. 
Alexander Jessett: Yes, absolutely. So first of all, the third quarter is a high demand quarter for us in our markets. So that's one point. The second thing that I will tell you is that with all the pricing initiatives that we ran through the first quarter that was -- that gave us the ability to have stronger pricing as we hit peak leasing. And so that's why we think that's going to be very sort of helpful for us as we move throughout the rest of the year.  And then the fourth thing is, is exactly right, is the comp become much easier as we go through the rest of the year. 
