Dennis Steen: So I think that I guess my view is that starts in the non-coastal markets we’re pretty limited to the sort of the urban core and they still are fairly light in the suburban part of these markets, so I would say that ‘13 I don’t have any concern about ‘13 having trouble with supply at all. I think ‘14 when you look at some of the projections out there for some of the folks that we follow like Ron Witton and others, they show ’14 and ‘15 actually accelerating, but it’s not supply issue, it’s really job growth. Most folks believe that ’13 is going to sort of be a goal along get along here from a job growth perspective 150,000, 200,000 jobs, but after all of the sort of government issues are dealt with this year that ‘14 and ‘15 actually accelerate job growth wise and supply does not really tick up dramatically in ‘14 or ‘15, we think the supply is going to stay on a national basis somewhere in the 220,000 to 250,000 units a year. We need 300,00 a year to meet demand after you take out the obsolescence so, we haven’t seen any major increase in the non-coastal markets and aren’t really worried about ‘13 or ‘14.
Dennis Steen: Good morning.Kana Gallen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Your DC results were very strong in fourth quarter, I was wondering if you could comment given the concerns of the new supply DC of the year portfolio maybe because of the sub-markets, where you are located or perhaps of the price average price points let it do a little bit better than some of the peers there reported thus far.
Dennis Steen: Yeah. I think that if we think about our portfolio in DC Metro, it’s all the way from Northern Virginia up through Maryland we have two operating assets in the district and a couple of others under construction there now, but when we look at a submarket level we just don’t think that we’re likely to be very much impacted by what the new supply that’s coming in the DC Metro area, I think that some of that it’s get down to, we just had a great execution from our teams in DC, if you think about same-store last year, we were in the 4.2% range, and I think our game plan for 2013, is somewhere in the 3% to 4% range again on the same-store. So I think we’re looking for a year that we look a lot like 2012, yeah you’re going to have some more supply, but we’d also, we’re forecasting about 50,000 new jobs that puts a little bit of pressure on the overall ratio, it’s from the standpoint of the new deliveries to job growth. It’s slightly below the five times level that we think is equilibrium. But it’s foreign change, so I think it’s the margins that’s not going to be a huge issue for us as long as we get the 50,000 jobs that are forecasted in the DC Metro area.Kana Gallen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Dennis Steen: Just kind of look at what we did this past year, we did a lot of de-levering this past year and also prefunding a lot of our developments that are going to be coming out of the ground in 2013, so as we look at it today, we are $200 million maturing in the fourth quarter, I think we are going to have the significant piece of this capital need funded by debt as I mentioned, and you might have a minor piece with ATMs, but once again we will just have to see based up on the conditions at the time, so I can go back $350 million you see there, I would think you would definitely think of at least $250 million of that would be debt.
Dennis Steen: So Rich it’s more an issue of the way we view the development pipeline, which is unlike merchant builders or folks that we are kind of in the market, and out of the market, they got a catch lightning in a bottle twice, which is once when they start, and once when they exit on valuations. And that’s not the way we view it, what the way we view it is, we are producing product at a wholesale rate, and locations that we want to own for the next 20 years. So ramping up dramatically, you’re dialing back dramatically is more of behavior, I think it’s a little bit more consistent with the merchant build model. I don’t think as Rick said, I think we’ve given guidance that will add $300 million to $400 million to the pipeline this year to go with what we started in 2012, and assuming conditions still a favorable in 2014, and I think you could probably expect somewhere along that line as well. Project lease up and roll off of that which gives us the steady state development pipeline at an aggregate level that we are extremely comfortable with, given our debt metrics, and our commitment to prefunding, so I think it’s a core confidence of ours, we have to renew and refresh our portfolio across 15 markets, and we’ll continue to do that through both acquisitions and new development.Richard Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: And then the last follow-up question is on the dividend increase, how much of that was a function of having to do with taxable net income issue or you just woke up one day and said I want to raise the dividend by 12.5%.
Dennis Steen: Yeah, it was definitely not mandated by a need to deal with our tax characteristics, it was just simply a dividend increase based up on our increase in cash flow.
Dennis Steen: Okay, so the first one on the acquisitions, the 2013 budget has the 6% cap rates, we bought those during the year, so it’s probably in the mid volumes in terms of cap rates. On the dispositions the cap rate was 6.3% on average, so it was mid sixes call it. And which I think, it’s interesting when you think about that 23 year old assets or 20 plus year old assets, and there wasn’t a huge spread negative spread between the two and that’s something we are capitalizing on right now, we think it’s really good time to sell all and then buy new, because both cap rates present just not as wide as they tended to be in the past. On the new development, we have 6.5% to 7.5%, so call it seven and some change on new development that we started.Robert Stevenson – Macquarie Research Equities: Okay, and at this point I mean, is 150 basis point enough for you guys on development from a risk reward standpoint, I mean that seems low relative to sort of historical norms.
Dennis Steen: The average has been from 100 to 200, we’re comfortable with the 150 basis points of positive spread to the cap rates we’re buying now.
Dennis Steen: We haven’t seen much cap rate, changes in DC at this point. I think that the transaction activity has been consistent, and there hasn’t been a very anytime major change in cap rates at this point.
Dennis Steen: We’ll have to get back to you, I don’t have the detailed market information. We’ll be happy to do that offline.
Dennis Steen: Good morning. Michael.Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Talk a little bit about what your market rent growth expectations are for ‘13, relative to ’12. I mean I think you said, you kind of wants the market, how does that compared to any markets where you expecting a significant drop up or drop off or a significant pick up there. And then just curious, on the redevelopment spending that’s included in the numbers. You’ve talked a little bit about the plans to roll that out, what’s kind of that, what that’s going to kind of entail? What kind of drag you expect a little bit how the benefits picking up in the back half of the year, just walk through the program a little bit more.
Dennis Steen: Yeah.Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that’s helpful. Yeah, that clarifies a bit more and you want to disclose that I am assuming correct, the amounts you spend in the quarter.
Dennis Steen: Andrew, we spent a lot of time, effort, energy, and intellectual capital looking at a buy in whole strategy and we could never figure out how to get the numbers, the buy in whole rental strategy anywhere past about 4.5 and 5 and that was using what we thought were pretty aggressive. Speaking of CapEx, Rick is right, I don’t think that folks know what the long-term operating costs are in this model for running 500 single family houses, strong out all over Phoenix, but I certainly can assure you that I have no idea what the CapEx costs are when you have to turn a single family home that’s been under somebody’s rental for a year and leasing in the middle of the night. So you think apartment CapEx numbers are spooky, try to do a unit turn on single family home, it’s been trashed.
Dennis Steen: Paul, the metrics in the starting point for all of that as Rick said is, we use the five year rolling return on invested capital, ROIC calculation for our entire portfolio and so you think about what it’s capturing, it’s capturing rental rate growth, what’s getting to the bottom line and NOI and it’s capturing the reinvestment required in CapEx. So on any given day, if you take our portfolio and string it from 100 to 200 on that metric, you just go Canada this will come out of the bottom 15.Paula J. Poskon – Robert. W. Baird & Co.: Thanks very much.
Dennis Steen: Yeah, its one of those things where you sort out the balance, what you do with the cash and it sort of hurts my head to put cash in a 0.1% interest bearing account and paying even the rates are incredibly low. I know there are some hedge opportunities as well. We look at that all the time and when we look at our capital structure and decide whether we are willing to buy that insurance if you will and how much that insurance costs.Thomas C. Truxillo – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks for the comments.
Richard J. Campo: I think it’s a pretty good relationship if you look at Texas for example you had which is one of the best markets in America for multifamily and jobs, Texas didn’t have a housing burst for say no big run up in prices and no big decline in prices, but from a start perspective there is starts in single family homes have been doubling here in Texas, and their spending more for houses and that sort of thing, so that clearly has had a beneficial correlation to multifamily, because you’re in a situation where you’re adding construction jobs, and adding all the activities that happens in single family market, and that’s better for the economy overall, which drives multifamily demand as well. So I think the idea that a single family home the single family market improves the multifamily can do well in that environment, it’s just not or not the case, and if you look the ‘90s as a good example, call as the home ownership years when everyone was buying a home and the home ownership rate went from 64% to almost 70%, a multifamily did incredibly well during that time frame, and we had net positive absorption big job growth, and big revenue growth as well during that time frame. So I think unless something happens where you have a bubble caused by incredibly low interest rates, and credibly easy access to home loans, which I don’t think it’s going to happen, then I think that the correlation between strong housing markets in general including single family could drive multifamily as well.
Richard J. Campo: Honestly, I have my impression, but it’s not worth sharing on a conference call. So I guess this is not something that we follow, not the kinds of metrics that we look at for our own portfolio.Jeffrey J. Donnelly – Wells Fargo Securities:  Yeah, that’s helpful. Thanks guys.
Richard J. Campo: Great. Well, we appreciate your attention on the call today and we will see everyone at the next conference and this summer at our 20th anniversary bell ringing. So thank you very much and this will end the call.
D. Keith Oden: I think there is a couple of things driving that Alex, first of all Lennar, it’s interesting that they announce $1 billion multifamily deal when Lennar has been a competitor of Camden for the last 10 years. Okay, Lennar isn’t doing anything new other than trying to capitalize on the hard multifamily market and drive investors think about them in that way, but Lennar has been building apartments from at least for a 10 or 15 years, they just didn’t publicize it, so they are not a new competitor which I think most people don’t realize. Second the issue on supply is this, we started 211,000 units this year, 2012 I mean and so when you look that compared to the bottom, we had 75,000 unit start at the bottom of the cycle and now next year, I think we’ll probably add from 211 to maybe 220, 230, so what’s going on in the marketplace is that I think people have sort of learned some lessons in that the merchant builder model has changed dramatically, the sort of big [Bahama] 30,000 units under construction, 20,000 units under construction, merchant builder model is done. They might do 5,000 units, but not 20,000 units and part of that has to do with the capital structure that the banks look at, in the past the merchant builders used to guarantee the debt, generally the 70% debt, 30% equity scenario, and thanks really didn’t look at sort of what their tangible capital was on their balance sheets. And today they are, and so I think there is a limiting factor, which has to do with just the size of the company. And then second, investors the equity side of the equation, I think is in probably more cautious than the lending side of the business, and you sort of have a group of equity investors, who have a place there investments, and they have two or three in Houston for example, two or three in various markets in there, sort of waiting to see what happens in that environment. The other thing that sort of coming into the business today, which could have a dampening effect on starts is construction costs. The construction costs, went down from peak to trough probably 30% in type 1 construction may be 20%, for stick and now that has been reversed, so there is a lot of discussion and anxiety about what kind of numbers you are able to produce with construction costs, and folks have had some pretty rude awakenings on building projects out having 10%, 15%, 20% increases in the cost to build. So you do have some pressure on the cost side of the equation and investors on the equity side are definitely being more cautious than they were last time.
D. Keith Oden: Well, we have been pretty consistent with that, we’re going to add to the portfolio $300 million to $400 million a year, and if you take the entire pipeline that we have, it’s over $1 billion, but the bottom line is that we are not going to start $1 billion in any one year, we are going to manage it prudently the real when you think about the last cycle, we had too much development pipeline, and we had too big of a land pipeline, and we are not going to do that again, we will be more prudent in our development endeavors, we have unlike the last cycle been prefunding our development through the combination of equity and debt, and we think that’s the right strategy. So in terms of development you can count on $300 million to $400 million of development that annually through the next two or three years, and if the market continues to be buoyant from that perspective, we’ll get the numbers that we like we’ll continue to do it.Richard Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: So if you thought that it was going to be a better an accelerating market next year, and the year after, I’m just trying to extrapolate development expenditures, and confidence in management, is there such a thing with you guys, or are you kind of just stick into that $300 million to $400 million and not showing your cards.
D. Keith Oden: And also Richard long-term stated policy has been to increase the dividend of roughly 50% of the FFO growth rate, and if you take what we actually did in terms of the dividend increase forgetting, what our guidance was at the beginning of the year, we saw significantly beat our guidance relative to last years dividend increase, that’s the reason, why it looks like its above the 50% level, but if you take – what we actually delivered in 2012 plus what we expect to deliver in 2013, we are pretty close to that 50% metric.Richard Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Sounds good, thanks.
D. Keith Oden: Least confident.Robert Stevenson – Macquarie Research Equities: I got to believe that you guys are sandbagging a little bit right, as normal I mean a little bit of sandbagging in there to, so that you’ll have beating all the numbers, but I mean which one is the one that sort of the least amount of confidence in continuing to be an A or a B as we go throughout ‘13.
D. Keith Oden: I think to me the market that has the most potential variability in it, there is two; one is Raleigh, based on the new amount of construction relative to the size of that market and the projected job growth, so you might have some fresh air there, I think we properly capture that in our little forecast for 2013. The other is just at a 20,000 foot level is California. And the uncertainty of the couple of things the overall fiscal situation and how that plays out in terms of what real job growth is going to be, the out migration of Phil Mickelson not withstanding him changing his mind, I think it’s a real issue in terms of the tax structure in California. And then on top of all that, if you want threatened about something Prop 13 is certainly something to threat about, if what happens what they are currently talking about is a surplus. We’ll see if that actually happens, if it doesn’t, and they have to go back to the well on revenues. I think they are some risk associated with the – they end up getting it through revisions to Prop 13, since they now the Democrats now have a super majority in both House’s so I think that’s real.Robert Stevenson – Macquarie Research Equities: All right. Thanks guys.
D. Keith Oden: Sure, the debt does mature this year, it’s a Freddie Mac loan and we are working on either on two plants; one is to either extend the loan or the other is to sell the assets.Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
D. Keith Oden: Very low probability. When we looked at it multiple times in the cycle and we still fundamentally believe and I think it remains to be seen whether these companies that are in this business now can get any large scale, because I don’t think they know what operating processes are in large portfolios or how that really works. And so I think that’s the big if, the question ultimately is, I do think people are going to make money in that business, don’t get me wrong there, but I don’t think it’s a long-term institutional public REIT sell business that 20 years from now you are going to have large public companies and on single family homes. There is too much competition between Mom-and-pop. And Mom-and-pop have no overhead expenses, they do the maintenance themselves, they rent the properties themselves and so it will be – it’s a little different animal than a multi-family business. So if I thought that there was a) way to scale it and b) a way to make it long-term viable business, we would have been in the business in 2008, 2009 or 2010, but I haven’t been able to figure that out. And maybe I am wrong and somebody will figure it out, but Camden won’t.
D. Keith Oden: It’s tough. I thought it was telling the other day, it went from what everybody is talking about to I was listening the other day and heard Barry Sternlicht on one of the morning talk show say that the game is already over and like Rick said, I think some people obviously are going to make money, but they are going to make money, because they bought houses at $0.50 on $1 and they are going to sell them at $0.80 on $1 and they will make money, but buy in whole single family home is a long way off.Andrew McCulloch – Green Street Advisors: Great. Thanks for the color.
D. Keith Oden: It’s both actually, it’s really asset quality within the sub-market and how that sub-market is performing over the long-term. It’s definitely about all those three issues of the equation that we look at. And we do have sort of a quantitative analysis at the headquarters here in Houston and then we sent it out to the field and make sure that it’s not just people looking at numbers, it’s people sitting on the ground, working with the properties every single day and they are making very, very subjective decisions based on what’s going on in the real world.
