Ric Campo: Thanks, Kim. Between hurricanes Harvey and Irma, Camden communities in nine of our 15 markets sustained some damage. For four days of Harvey, we're were riding out the storm in Texas and wondering who'll stop the rain. Just when we could say, I made it through the rain, Irma came along to Rocky like a hurricane reminding us that when it comes to mother nature, we are all just riders on the storm. I want to thank all of our Camden team members who helped our customers, coworkers and neighbors make it through the storms. Our commitment to improving the lives of our customers, team members and shareholders one experience at a time was on full display during and after the storm. Despite the vast destruction of homes in Houston, the storm brought our community together. Camden and other apartment operators had apartment homes ready for displaced people to move into. Many apartment owners followed our lead by freezing rents to pre Harvey levels, leaving moving fees and other expenses. Occupancy levels at our Houston communities increased from 93.5% before the storm to 97.6% today. These occupancy levels should be maintained throughout the fourth quarter and into next year. Apartment fundamentals continued to be good across our markets. Demand is strong driven by job growth and growing demographics at favorable rental markets. Revenue continues to slow as supplies absorbed. We expect supply to peak this year in most of our markets. During the quarter, we finished the lease up on Camden Victory Park in Dallas, we completed construction on Camden Lincoln Station and started construction in Camden RiNo both in Denver. Our development pipeline continues to add significant long term value to Camden. We took advantage of the strong market conditions and issued 445 million in equity during the quarter. The equity offering was all about growth. Last year we saw 1.2 billion of non-core properties at attractive prices, which improved the quality of our portfolio. We're going to use the equity to fund our developments and acquire properties while seeking to keep our balance sheet strong. At this point in the real estate cycle, we expect to see attractive acquisition opportunities as merchant builders move to sell their completed development. I'll turn the call over to Keith Oden.
Ric Campo: Sure. So, we definitely are focused on acquisitions with the current strength of our balance sheet for sure. Most of the markets that we operate in have pretty good opportunities; what we are really looking for are Merchant Builders products where we can buy at a discount to replacement cost. Cap rates are definitely very sticky on the low end; to give you an example, in June, we bought Camden Buckhead Square; it was a 12% discount with current replacement cost, and it was about 4.5% cap rate in the sort of a four to 12month period. We don't see cap rates moving at all if not they're going down, not up; you just have a significant amount of capital that still is trying to be - find a home in multifamily.
Ric Campo: Sure. We tend to avoid use our own capital. We do have a remaining balance from the fund with Texas Teachers, so bottom line is we have a capacity if you keep a moderate debt EBIDTA number of over a billion dollars to acquire, so we will not do any additional joint ventures other than our current relationship with Texas Teachers; we just think it makes more sense to own a 100% of the assets or in the joint venture that we have already but not create any new joint ventures at all. We found during the last downturn that deep pocket joint venture partners don't always dip into your pocket during tough times and so we want to keep her balance sheet clean and very simple to understand, so with that said, our capital in Texas Teachers
Ric Campo: The different data sources we used two different data sources for the multifamily completions. If you look at Witten's numbers, he has supply peaking in 2017 at about 139,000 apartments over or 140,000 apartments Camden's footprint, and he has 2018 at about 137,000, so, yes, it's peaking but on his metrics, there is still a lot of supply that is coming in 2018 and I think the wild card there on the data providers is how much of that - do we still determined yet how much of the '17 originally scheduled completions get rolled over into 2018 because if people are just having trouble getting their jobs completed with all the labor shortages, so there's a question if you look at Axiometrics' numbers, they have a much clearer view of a peek - in 2017, they have 162,000 apartments being delivered and if you roll that over in to 2018, their numbers 136,000, and if you go out to '19, their number falls under a 100,000, so Witten's number looks like it's a little more smooth than Axiometrics. I think the difference is probably in how they're handling the shifting of projected deliveries between '17 and '18.
Ric Campo: So, Alex, if you see look at Witten's work, he has total job growth in 2018 in Houston at that about 79,000 jobs, and then he has deliveries of new apartments in Houston at about 7000 so that's the better than 10:1 ratio of jobs. Now he has a lower number for 2017 job growth than what we've been using, s there may again these different data sources giving you different results, but directionally, he's got a much bigger job growth number than what the Greater Houston partnership is carrying, and I think some of it is just as for the mismatch between '17 and '18 growth, but even if you put the two together we are looking at pretty decent job growth next year for Houston, a real rebound, and in terms of new deliveries, it's going to be pretty limited and we have about run the course on these apartments, so happened in the flood event is that you pull forward a tonne of demands that probably would have naturally occurred over 2018, you pulled it forward into the third and fourth quarters of 2017, and I think it's the other people who we were here or in apartments because they were affected by the flood, it's going to be longer rather than they may imagined and so you're probably going to get a continued effect of the carryover of the flood victims, but you're also going to get a fair amount of new job growth in Houston next year.
Ric Campo: What was interesting about that project is we announced it before Harvey and we are going down the trial trying to start it by the end of the year, and we think it's going to be a great timing in terms of being able to deliver product in to the market that doesn't have a lot of supply.
Ric Campo: I think the wild card for Florida in general, this will include Orlando and Southeast Florida, and this is not Irma but Maria. If you look there's been about 75, 000 Puerto Ricans that have been helped, come to Florida already. And, they rather Miami, when you look at the concentration of Puerto Rican's where they live in Florida, Orlando, is actually the largest market for Puerto Ricans. There seems some increase in demand from what's going on in Puerto Rico and I think that given the scale, of the disruption there and the time it's been taken to, give that back on line Florida could have an increase in demand that we don't expect, that we haven't expected, as a result of you know Puerto Rican's trying to find a place with electricity.
Ric Campo: When you look at, I think that's definitely a big concern right? How can the economy grow, if you encourage jobs as you can't find people who sell those jobs? I mean, if you look at, if you go out, I don't think that effects '18 much, but when you start going out into '19 and '20, you'll start getting into what do you see, most economists are showing job growth falling pretty substantially and in '19 and '20. So we definitely look at those metrics when we are deciding which sub-markets and which markets we want to buy them.
Ric Campo: And on your question regarding the issue, the underwriters elected not to take up their option under the [indiscernible].
Ric Campo: Great, thanks for your time today and we will see a lot of you in Dallas in the next couple of weeks, so thank you.
Keith Oden: Thanks Ric. We're really pleased with our third quarter results, despite all the disruption caused by the two storms, our teams managed to get back to business as usual more quickly than we thought possible. They focused on helping each other, our residents and our neighbors returned to normal. Alex is going to walk you through the details of the financial impact of the hurricane on our results. It's perfect to say that from our perspective when you adjust our results for the impact of the storms, we had a very solid third quarter, which should carry over into the fourth quarter. In terms of our same-store performance, revenue growth was 2.5% for the third quarter and 1.1% sequentially. Year-to-date the third quarter was 2.8% and we expect full year 2017 to be around 2.9%, primarily due to the recent occupancy gains in Houston. Most of our markets had revenue growths in the 3% to 5% range in this quarter, led by Atlanta at 5.1%, Orange County at 4.8%, Denver at 4.7%, San Diego at 4.6% and Orlando at 4.5%. As expected and as we discussed on our last conference call, we saw relatively weaker revenue growth this quarter in Austin at 2.1%, Charlotte, at 2% even and South Florida at 1.3%. Houston remained negative, with a 3.1% decline for the quarter, but we expect to see significant improvement in the fourth quarter in Houston, as occupancy has been trending over 97% for the month of October. During the third quarter, new leases were up 1.3% and renewals up 4.8% for a blending growth rate of 2.7 and so far in October it is trending three tenths of a percent up for new leases and up 4.6% on renewals, which is slightly better than what we achieved last October. November and December, renewal offers were sent out at an average increase of 5%. Occupancy averaged 95.9% in the third quarter of '17, versus 95.8% in the third quarter of last year and 95.4% in the second quarter of this year. So far occupancy is trending at 96% versus 95% last October. Net turnover rates remain slightly below the levels that we saw last year with third quarter '17 net turnover rates of 55% versus 57% last year and year-to-date 49% versus 51% last year. Move-outs to home purchases were 14.6% in the third quarter versus 15.6% last quarter and 14.7% in the third quarter of '16. The top reason for residents moving out remains re-location, that is moving out of the city or state or across submarkets at 35%. Obviously, Houston has been on no one's radar screen this year, particularly after the impact of Hurricane Harvey. As mentioned earlier, we saw a significant increase on occupancy rates going from 93.5% pre-hurricane to over 97% now, and we expect occupancy to remain elevated during the fourth quarter and into 2018. New leases in Houston started the year at a negative 8% in the first quarter that improved to negative 4% to 5% during our peak leasing season. As Rick mentioned, we rose pricing for the month of September, but are now seeing leases signed in the negative down 1% to 2% range with renewals up in the up 1% to 2% range. We currently have a very limited inventory of apartments available to lease, and we're entering the traditionally slower time of the year per traffic, so the main driver of same-store revenue growth this quarter should be occupancy rather than rates. We will provide more color on our 2018 Houston outlook in conjunction with our fourth quarter 2017 earnings release and 2018 guidance release schedule for early February. At this time I'll turn the call over to Alex Jessett, Camden's Chief Financial Officer.
Keith Oden: Absolutely, I think that when you think about the Merchant Builder model, they have a meter on the equity, and in order to internally to return hurdles, they need to sell their assets. In addition, in order to reload their capacity to do new transactions, they need to sell those assets as well, so I think we will have a healthy Merchant Builder pipeline. We have seen some already this year but I think next year is going to be a big increase in that pipeline.
Keith Oden: Nick we're focused also on market where's there's been where we know we have an oversupply condition that's either ongoing right now or it's already coming into focus or we expect to see it in 2018 and obviously those markets are the Charlotte's and at some point Houston, Dallas, Austin, and Orlando, and so it's really a matter of looking at individual submarkets, and to Ric's point about the capacity and the use of our own capital. Obviously, some of those markets I just mentioned, Houston being a good example, we're at a point from a from Camden's overall exposure in the Houston market, long-term, we would want to add a bunch of net exposure in Houston so the opportunity would be finding really attractive assets that we could partner with on an 80/20 basis with Texas Teachers not increasing our exposure a bunch but taking advantage of the investment opportunities that we think are coming.
Keith Oden: Yeah, so we obviously had a pretty big component in the weeks and days immediately after the storm; we did accommodate short-term leases. The reality is that we just didn't have all that many apartments to lease because we're going into the storm in the 94% occupied range, so we did accommodate that although we were cautious and we were warning people and trying to get them to understand that the magnitude of this storm if you had flood damage in your home that three months is just not realistic, and as it turns out, our advice was sound and well-reasoned because I think most people have had water damage in their homes and having to go through the process of approvals and then ultimately finding a contractor and getting the work done. I think they're coming to the realization now that it's going to be more likely six to nine months before they can actually get everything put back together and get back in their home and have the work be completed, so we did these in some short-term leases. It didn't have a huge impact on our overall the length of our lease term in Houston, we've accommodated the people who did the original short-term leases, and we have allowed them to re-extend if they want to on a three- or six-month lease, but most people now that are coming in were not impacted by the storm; those people already found a permanent housing solution, it's really not a big issue within our portfolios, it is a pretty small number. So the second part of your question which is where are we on market rents as Ric mentioned we froze rents at pre Harvey prices, and we did that throughout the month of September and we are gradually getting back to what we would think of is regular order. The only thing that we're doing right now is that we do have a cap on renewal increases in Houston of 5% and we expect to move that cap to 10% on renewal increases by November 15, and just a point of reference, 10% renewal cap is what we use in all of our other markets, so it's sort of our standard operating procedure, so we will get back to regular order here pretty quickly. We do have the ability, it seems like it would be a simple thing to do to turn off revenue management, but as it turns out, it's really not, so what we ended up doing is sort of running parallel with our revenue management system and then doing manual pricing for the apartments that were released in the period where we had frozen rental rates. We think that if you kind of look at where our market averages are or market comps relative to our rental rates we're still below market rental comps and that number is somewhere in the 2% range we think across our platform, so we do think there will be additional rental increases as we go back to regular order. One of the things that will certainly happen as we roll in to 2018 and we are fully back on our revenue pricing model and pricing according to just normal supply and demand dynamics is that the model will work really hard to get the occupancy back down to 95% to 96% and the only leverage point that you have to do that is through adjusting price, so over some period of time, I would expect to see a trade-off between a lower occupancy rate 97.7 is pretty close to being minus frictional move in move out; that's pretty close to being a 100% occupied if the model doesn't like that condition, so the only way to remedy that is to is to deal with pricing so I would expect that over time some period of time in 2018, you're going to see our occupancy rate trend back down but the offset to that will be higher run rates.
Keith Oden: Sure. The Dallas '17 completions, we have at 22,000 apartments rolling over to 19000 in 2018; Houston, we have at 15,000 apartments in '17 and that drops to about 6,000 apartments in '18; LA 14,000 apartments in '17, stay pretty flat in '18; and another 14,000 apartments between Miami and Fort Lauderdale, you add those together and what we call our Southeast Florida Market, that's 10,000 apartments this year and that rolls down to about 6,000 next year. By the way, I'm giving you Witten's number, not Axiometrics numbers which is the one that the data provider that we put a little bit more emphasis on what are the market - Washington DC 9000 apartments, it goes to about 10,000 apartments in 2018.
Keith Oden: I think when you think about concessions, merchant builders are very rational players; when they have empty buildings, they rushed to the door to get as much free rent as they can to grab market share. The worst thing you can do is a merchant builder during a concessionary period is to be the last one to get to the biggest concession, and so in certain submarkets you are seeing a month to two months free we haven't seen three, but generally it's a month to two months and some of the markets that are leasing up substantial number of units. In Dallas, we are fairly insulated with some of our properties because we have fair amount of sort of last cycle BB plus properties as opposed to direct competition with new development. Yes, on Dallas, I don't speak to anybody else's the results, but in Dallas and Atlanta, we certainly see a small amount of deceleration between third quarter and fourth quarter but it's - you're talking you know 30 basis points plus or minus between those two markets, we're not seeing that kind of impact and it could be supply and could be submarket-driven, as to where somebody else's assets are located, but we clearly have not seen that so far this year and we're not forecasting that in the 4th quarter.
Keith Oden: So we are not enough sharp we haven't gotten there yet, but I can tell you based on Ron Witten's work for the 2018 forecast across Camden's platform, he's actually got revenues reaccelerating in to 2018 relative to 2017 and I'm just glancing over the numbers I don't [indiscernible] see anything below 2.5% revenue number on Witten's numbers and that's not are our numbers but that's just a data point for you, he actually has taking into consideration - of a big chunk of that is - in our portfolio is the turnaround in Houston from a negative number in '17 to probably what would be a solid positive number in 2018, so we don't see it and certainly Ron Witten does not see it in the work that he does.
Keith Oden: So, the reason that we're getting more constructive about buying today is because the type of property that's out there in the marketplace is merchant-builder very high quality property, really hasn't been around much in terms of being able to buy those properties. If you look at the investor appetite, today, value-add properties have the highest bid, 20-plus bidders on every property and we start getting into merchant-builder product, that is definitely being impacted by supply, free rent embedded in the portfolios; there are just fewer buyers for those, and so we like to play in that space. There's no question about that. We have a long list of pipeline. I mean, you were always looking at even when we're not major on offense acquisition wise. We always have a list of several billion dollars' worth of property that we are underwriting. In terms of portfolios, there are few portfolios out there and we look at those as well the challenge there is generally a portfolio may have kind of cats and dogs and we are more oriented in taking specific rifle shots for submarkets that we really like, and if there's a portfolio that has more of what we like and less of what we don't like, then we'll definitely take a look at that. We clearly have done portfolios in the past and they've worked out pretty well, but I think there's a combination of one offs and portfolios out there and there's no shortage of product.
Keith Oden: Yeah, absolutely, I think if you look at what we did at Camden Buckhead Square, you know the 12-month forward cap rate we think is 4.5 but that means you start out probably slightly less than that, and you have to then move it up by brand concessions off, but when you think about being able to buy at other replacement cost in all high quality markets with embedded concessions, you're starting out at a lower number than you would otherwise like, but that's part of the underwriting mechanism you need to do. Now, over time, your unleveraged IR is really good, but you do have to sot of suffer through a lower cash flow return initially.
Keith Oden: Sure, so the market just to put in perspective for folks is 638,000 apartments in Houston. It's a very, very big market and the region, by the way, is 1700 square miles, so it's not like ones across the street from another right. There was about 16,000 units plus or minus that we were actually taken out of the inventory, so that increased the occupancy rate of a little bit, and the occupancy rate, if you take the entire market, it was somewhere in the high 80s percent and it went up to the low 90s, maybe a 150 to 200 basis points up, but I think we have to be very careful with these broad numbers because when you take sort of the A,B,C, D level properties, if the A properties that are under construction probably have the most vacancy and then there's a lot of older properties that probably have pretty little bit low occupancies as well. If you go to the pockets where there was disruption for the single-family homes, there's about five or six areas where the homes were really affected, and in those areas, the occupancy have gone from low 90s to high 90s. There's really no inventory in those markets and where you see the vacancy, it tends to be in the urban core interestingly enough the downtown area, River Oaks, West University did not flood as much from a residential perspective. This flood was a residential flood; it wasn't a commercial flood, and so all the businesses have got back to business really quickly and dislocation of those - they went to places that were close to their home and close to their work and not necessarily towards - say new downtown properties, and even though they all got a lift, the Westside, Eastside, Northside got a bigger lift than the areas that didn't flood.
Keith Oden: I think the key is to make sure when you think about the flood folks that thought initially they be able to get their house fixed in three months, it's more likely to be six or nine, but those are folks that have means those are folks that have insurance; and 80% of the people that were flooded didn't have insurance. When you look at the overall impact of a storm like Harvey is going to last not 9 months or 6 months but really two years or three years of pressure on housing because of all the complicated piece of the equation how much government funds come in and what they do to deal with some of the flood mitigation issues and that might I think most people think it's going to boost job growth above what normally would have been by at least 5000 or 10,000 jobs just because of the fixing of the infrastructure and the homes over the next couple years, so you really did pull the man forward but you also added the man to what was already thought to be a recovery market in 2018.
Keith Oden: We are worried about supply generally in DC because we have got probably another 10,000 apartments that are going to be delivered next year which is roughly what we got this year, so it's not like we're going to get a big relief on the supply side of things, but we do forecast next year job growth, and about what it was this year; it was somewhere around 50,000 to 60,000 jobs, so as long as those numbers are okay, if 10,000 of the apartments get 50,000 jobs, that's pretty close to equilibrium. The real question for operators is where is that supply being delivered, and so far, the footprint of our portfolio has fared better than most and as we talked about last call, we think that has to do with our geography within the DC Metro, Northern Virginia has held up really well, Maryland's held up really well. We are just about to complete a lease up in the DC Metro area, if not in the district and it's gone extremely well for us, so first and second quarter in DC were actually a better than our original expectations. We think that for the year we end up somewhere around 3% revenue growth in DC, and if you go back to what our originally guidance was we had DC rated B-rated market and improving and that's kind of what we've gotten this year. So, I think it can roll forward 2018; it looks a lot like 2017; if we get the job growth as projected and we absorb another 10,000 apartments and then again where the pressure comes is where those 10,000 apartments are being delivered.
Keith Oden: Well, it depends - so when you think new products being delivered, it's all the way from sub urban, Walkup Garden apartments to high rises in the districts and the spread on that would be anywhere between, so the low end of that range, the surface part apartments in the Meshfalton area, you probably in the $65 to $70 range for high rise products in the district. You note that $3 is quite afford, it's just, to answer that question I'll have to kind of know, what area counter we're talking about and then what advantage of product. But in Camden's we are all at the tie end of that, about $3 plus would be our new lease up in the district. Our normal product in the average method is roughly $27, 000 a door and average to that will be our entire portfolio, across the districts about $19, 000 ramp. So, again unit mix matters a lot, depending on how large the units are, but broadly speaking $3 plus in the district, call it $60, $70 in the suburbs would be the lowest end of the rounds per square.
Keith Oden: Yeah, so the easy part of that question is, the knowledge from Irma and it turns out, there's no really no knowledge from, in our portfolio. We had relatively minor damage in the steamer things, we have one of our high risers that get some water from the storm surge, it's but honestly, we had all units available, all working units that were available to be least within three days of that , we are back available Ivy, so there's really no impact of that. It's got to be photos one of those three markets that we talked about on our last call. I specifically kind of called out Austin, Charlotte and Southeast Florida as places where the supply in the competitive is really, we are really starting to feel it in those three markets. So, we are deceleration in Southeast Florida, it's likely they continue into the fourth quarter. You know you got some different things that are going on I Southeast Florida, one of which is this incredible glut and air large of new condominium projects. Many of which are struggling to do, you know, take up your sales numbers and ultimately as we all know, at some point the condominium permanent home ownership during becomes a rental, a rental scenario. And there is no questions that are two biggest inner light and contributors which will contribute in [indiscernible], are going to be impacted by that.
Keith Oden: Sure, if you the revenue manger system, if it were, if it wouldn't permit this, the direct recommendations initially, it will be looking at our cost at, we think there's probably about 2%, 2% to 2.5% gap that resulted from us, kind of saying we are not going to freeze pricing prior on that. Again we are back, by November 15, perform new release in renewals, we'll be completely back to regular order and whatever the pricing is, the pricing is. At some time, we have to find a market clearing price for these ramps, which we will do. And so I think, as you think about, is we think about and look forward into 2018. And just kind of estimate the impact. Again we are not, anywhere close to the point where we are prepared to talk about individual markets, or individual rent levels. But, I think it's instructive to look again at what our data providers are telling us, and if you are looking where Ron Witten's numbers were for rents, the delta between rents in 2018 from the pre Harvey and post Harvey, what is now I am still saying is, there's about a 5% higher in what he was forecasting pre Harvey. So, I think that's those are constructive in the sense of the magnitude, now just keep in mind, that he always what he forecast or that effective run rates, and that doesn't, you got to separate that from revenue growth. Because, our portfolio rolls over on average 8% of it per month over the course of the year, so even if the rains strike at the beginning of the year, you've got leases in place that are not going to be affected, till that lease comes up. So, you have to be careful with using the difference between rental rates and revenue growth. But, I think regardless you pass it, 2018 is going to be substantially different than what it would have without Harvey. Now, I can't give you the exact our forecast around there, but will certainly provide that to you as part of our guidance for 2018.
Keith Oden: They are trending to Ryan accordance of what our budgets are. When you think about deceleration, I mean, our markets and I think generally the markets across the country have been decelerating for last two or three years. And it's a function of you have plenty of demand; you know we have the same job broke issues; we are leisure, the issue in the supply. That's why we point out the supply, appears to be peaking the show next year and so, it's really that the pressure that the market is getting because of the new supply list in the market place. So, the markets are performing exactly the way we thought they would.
Keith Oden: Yeah, I'm not, haven't really come up with what we talked about last quarter but I can tell you this, there's not anything that we can share with you right now, that would be meaningful material to achieve 2018 results. We are looking at all kinds of things around the home of the future, and there's Amazon is doing all kinds of interesting things but form a revenue impact standpoint in 2018 nothing specific.
Keith Oden: Yeah, I don't have that stat in front of me John, and I'd be glad to send it to you offline, when we do pass that by markets, I just don't have it in front of me.
Keith Oden: So, we would when you think about that, we use part of our fund which is about $400 million plus and minus. And then we would use the equity offering, obviously the cash from that and give him where our debt to EBITDA ratio, having a combination of borrowing and then probably somewhere in the $100 million dispositions to fund that as well. And we also have roughly 350 million in cash, our balance sheet today so that would obviously be part of that. In addition to that, we have to fund our development pipeline, to spend on our development pipeline, which is a couple of 100 million next year.
Keith Oden: I think the supply pressure in, will continue to be with us, in Charlotte, and Houston, if you just look at job growth verses projected deliveries in both of those markets, it's hard to say that things are going to get much better from the supply standpoint. I think that you are likely to see, just going based on projected job growth in the number of deliveries that you have to run to the system, probably spreads some of the supplies user, probably already affecting parts of Dallas. That makes it probably more widespread and in 2018, you probably have, you are starting to see, the early stages of supply pressure in Denver and gain in based in 2018 numbers that probably gets a little bit more pronounced in 2018. Those would be the markets that will continue to be on the right offspring for supply. Pressure all the rest of our markets, you know, roughly equilibrium based on the supply and projected job growth next year, some better than others, but those would be the worry spots for 2018.
Keith Oden: Yeah, just to put some numbers around that, again Witten's forecast in this company, you can even talk there's sometime, which is just a little straight in the labor market, that you are at 4.2% unemployment now. And that's likely to go drip a little bit lower, but, so we at 2018, total employment growth coming down from 2.1 this year in '17 drops to 1.9 the following year, and it's dropping to 1.5 in 2019, the Ric's point. So, we are not forecasting your session in that, he's just saying, that's his view of the constraint that we are going to be up against. Fortunately, since Camden's markets produce jobs at a higher, in population growth at higher markets than the national average, we don't see as bigger than impact from the follow off, we got total jobs in our, across our canvas platform. In 2017, it's 610, 000, he has that actually going up to 641 in 2018. And then, he's gotten coming back down to 560, 000 in 2019. So, yes, that's a real, I mean we think it's a real thing and our data providers are giving us data input that's a real thing.
Keith Oden: Yeah, I think that we have been gone above and beyond being good neighbors and we continue to do that. I guess, we sort of taken this in three steps to get back to market rate pricing, but ultimately, it doesn't serve anybody's interest and I have market killing pricing on little housing. And so, we need to be, we do need to get back to regular order and we will do that. We also have to put this in context that you take the entire Houston market because of the oversupply in the oil, plus that we've experienced for last three years, we had negative, our rental declined. For two and a half years going into the Harvey, so the focus we are paying rent at market rates, is somewhere around a team motive of 7% or 8% down on top line rents going in the Harvey so, we got 8% rent growth day one, we are back to rent that people were paying two and a half to three years ago. So, we don't think that there's going to be optical question, which does not, you are charging market rate runs for the apartments that you are renting. I think just to put it in the context; we were at 3.1% down on top line revenues in Houston in the third quarter. And, in order to get to the a lot of pick up that we are going to see, we are going to see higher going from 2.8 for the three quarters and the portfolio to 2.9. So somewhere it has to be positive, pretty positive math, and the plug is really Houston. And so we think, we're going to see, and our portfolio alone a shift from a negative 3.1 in the third quarter to plus 2.4 up in the fourth quarter. And that's the sort of magnitude of the sheer, so I don't - by the time that your income comes along; we will be back to market rates pricing, relative to our comp set and will probably be rent will be up 5% plus/minus form where they were in the second quarter. And my guess that extend into 2018, and in our case it has to, because we've got a, we have to get a market including price to get our, to get equilibrium back in our inventory and burn it at 97.7% occupied is nowhere to run an airline.
Keith Oden: Yeah, I think that's right, I think that's right. And gain we have performed pretty handily all that concept in the first and second quarter, my guess is that the supplies shifts around when the deliveries are coming, that's going to impact us a little bit more on the third and fourth quarter and we are all set out for 3% of the right number for the year and aging if you had asked me in the December of last year, based on all of our bottom up analysis, I would say you know, 3% top line sounds about right for the saying.
Keith Oden: Yes, but you also, I mean third quarter, third, fourth quarter seasonally is always lower analysis in 9 or 10 years of lower third to fourth quarter in our growth. So, that's you know, you probably get 50 basis points and our entire portfolio historically between third and fourth quarter gross rate.
Keith Oden: Yeah I could see, when I am across the board, to your question that's freezing, runs with frozen lines everywhere, so we didn't make any distinction, we are talking inside and outside, high rise, low rise. They were frozen for the same period of time and at the same pre Harvey rates across our entire platform. So if you think about where the weakness was prior and the greatest that we had in our portfolio would have been our down town and mid town inside the loop apartments where new rents were down 8% to 10% across those assets. So it makes sense that now necessarily the occupancy because we always had pretty high occupancy in those units, but we had adjusted our pricing to maintain that. So it makes sense to me that the recovery in the rents - in the top line would happen this disproportionally inside the loop and that's what happened. We had asset that through this third quarter in some of our suburban assets that still were 1% negative, 1.5% negative year-to-date but we also had assets that were 8% to 9% negatives and so in those assets makes sense to me that we would see more recovery and that's what happened.
Keith Oden: Sure, so we issued 4.750 million of shares that was the full issuance of the equity. Prior to that we did a very small amount on the ATM and where you can expect going forward the reason we did that many and we raised roughly 445 million was we didn't want to be in the market all the time and the challenge we have with an ATM program is that you are subject to block out and you are subject sort of dribbling that out over a long period of time and so we chose to take advantage of the market conditions, strengthen our balance sheets so we could go in the offensive from an acquisition perspective. So you won't see us until we get to the point where we spend this cash on our balance sheet you won't see us very active in the equity markets.
Keith Oden: As I said earlier, we are constantly looking at properties and we don't have anything specific to discuss today about that.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks for your time. Just following up on Richard's question on Supply, hoping you could give your views on may be the top five or six markets you see maybe not Houston we know that LA, Atlanta, South Florida, Dallas, where you expect supply to be '18 verse '17.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and then just on maybe Dallas and Atlanta, both kind of higher supply markets what are you seeing on the concession front, any spike; one of your peers talked about particularly in the Uptown Dallas some higher concession levels recently, if you could just give it to your sense of what you're experiencing in your specifics of markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, just turning to DC, just have a question on same-store revenue growth if you can comment on that by submarket
Austin Wurschmidt: Hi, good morning, thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to touch the supply a little bit again and when you look at some of these markets that are a little bit of flatter in terms of supply, any of that you think that could be a risk of turning negative in 2018.
Austin Wurschmidt: Yeah, that's helpful. Thanks for the color, Keith, and then second question just was hoping that you could just give us your thinking on getting more offensive on the front on the investment side at this point in the cycle and then maybe a little bit more color as to may be the number of units that your underwriting today are they mostly one off's or are you saying some portfolio opportunities out there.
Austin Wurschmidt: So just small enough, so is it fair to assume they have given the quality of product in some of these newer development or even lease-up deals, the initial accretion could be limited out of the gate.
