Ric Campo: Good morning to most of you on the call, except these close folks. The band Train's hit Maybe This Will Be My Year was surely on the minds of our onsite teams as they prepare their 2012 operating budget. After the first two quarters, I suspect most of them, if not all, have dropped the Maybe part. The apartment business is great. In spite of slower job growth than we'd like, our markets are growing jobs faster than the national average keeping demand strong. New supply is not a threat. Camden residents are doing very well. Their incomes have increased from $63,000 to over $71,000 annually over the last year, reducing the percentage of rent income from 18.4% to 17.7%. Our residents have the capacity to pay more rent, even with the large increases that they have already experienced. Half of our markets have yet to reach peak rent levels that we achieved in 2008. Rents are still a bargain in many of our markets. I salute our teams for making the most of a very strong environment. It's easy to get complex in an environment like this. During the quarter, we acquired two properties for $100 million, at cap rates in the low 5s. The exclusivity period for acquisitions has expired for our fund. These properties and future acquisitions will be wholly owned by Camden. Our capital recycling program for the rest of the year will include sales of $350 million of properties, with an average age of 23 years, and cap rates in the 6s. Our $551 million development communities in lease-up and under construction continued to outperform our expectations. We expect the stabilized returns to be in the 7% to 8% range, which is 50 basis points higher due to higher rents, faster leasing, and lower construction costs. We plan on starting 1,237 apartments in four properties, totaling $290 million by the end of the year, of returns in the same range as the communities that I just previously discussed. The plan on continuing prefunding our development investment, with the combination of ATM equity issuance and unsecured debt. We have raised $233 million of equity through the ATM program during the second and third quarters. We have a target range of 4.5 times to 5.5 times debt-to-EBITDA. We will continue to strengthen our balance sheet, and improve the quality of our portfolio as we go forward. I would like now to turn the call over now to Keith Oden, our President and Chief Operating Officer, I guess.
Ric Campo: I don't think that we see a slowdown. I think it's about a strong a market as we have seen in five or six years, and I don't think we are in the late stages of the game, I think we are in the -- sort of the middle part of the game. The part of the issue you have out there is that we haven't built anything for three years. So the building that's going on right now, is just filling a hole in the market that was created by the financial crisis. So our residents, while they don't typically like to get rental increases, they have the cash to pay it and half our markets are still below the peak in 2008. So I think there is a fair amount of runway left in this business. I think we all get caught up in the second derivative slowing -- and you keep in mind, this is a seasonal business. So last year, I know in September, everybody freaked out when most of the apartment companies started slowing down and getting ready for the seasonal slowdown in traffic. Our customers they move around a lot in the summer, and then they slow down in the fall, and slow down in the winter for obvious reasons, and then they kick back up in the spring. So I think we are going to see the same seasonal patterns, but I think what happened last year, is that the market looked at it and said, oh my god, the apartment run is the over, and it was really the seasonal factors that we have every year for the last 25 years that I have been in this business. So I don't think that -- we don't feel like anyway that our resident campaign we are in, that they are pushing back so hard and don't want to pay a larger percentage of their income.
Ric Campo: Yeah, I don't think our view has changed much. We think that we're probably just off the bottom. All the metrics that we see, even though on a sequential basis it did move up a little bit, I think we're still in a slow grind, out in Las Vegas. There certainly is a better, if you look at all the economic -- macroeconomic factors in Vegas, whether it's visitor traffic, whether it's revenues on the strip, clearly there is a marked improvement from where we were two years ago. And that translated into a bunch of new job growth, not really in the real challenge that Las Vegas has with regard to employment growth, is that during the downturn, not only did their -- were there lay-offs, but as they got to a -- as casinos got to the point where they just literally couldn't lose any more bodies, they started cutting back work hours. And so what has to happen first is they have to build back to the point where you're working a full 40-hour week before you're going to start hiring new folks. So I -- I still don't think we're back to that point yet. But I think you can probably see it from here. It's the point when Las Vegas kind of gets to that tipping point, starts adding new employment then I think you can see the -- you could see the game change pretty quickly. But I think we're still -- that's probably still a 2013 story.
Ric Campo: We have always had very aggressive litigation and tax strategies and I don't think there's been a year in the last 10 years that I can imagine that we -- that I remember that we haven't had some good wins on that subject. But obviously the market today, governments need capital and it's no secret that property values have increased. So it is definitely more difficult to win those battles and -- but we will be very aggressive on that front.
Ric Campo: You never know when you're going to get that win because you protest and then you litigate and then you settle or you go to court. And you have to remember taxes, it's very interesting. People think that property taxes are a function of what the market value of the property is, but it really isn't that simple. Property taxes are a function of the relative value of your property and how it is assessed compared to your neighbor. So for example, if we think the property's worth $25 million and it's actually worth $25 million, but it's assessed at $15 million, it's not about whether it's really $25 million, it's what the properties across the street are assessed at and the relative values. So that's where the litigation comes into effect because it gets into a fairness issue on how your property is valued relative to others. So that's kind of an interesting nuance of the whole property tax game.
Ric Campo: Well, we are if you – our disposition program is $350 million between now and the end of the year. We probably have more like $470 million, that's in the pipe to be sold, but a lot – the sum of that's going to spill over into 2013. So this is the biggest disposition pipeline that we have had in the last four, five years. So we definitely view that as a disposition program in the capital recycling side of the equation as a major source of capital to fund the development as well. So it's really just a balance between how much you're willing to sell versus how much ATM issuance and secured – unsecured debt that you're willing to do. So we definitely are doing that and we think it's a great move.
Ric Campo: No, fund, the only – we do have some excess capital left in the fund and it could be used for development but not acquisitions.Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. That's good. Thank you very much.
Ric Campo: Paula, that's a really good question and we have -- I would hazard to guess that we have the lowest turnover rate not just this year, but going back over a period of 10 years in the multifamily business. Our company-wide turnover last year was less than 20%. Obviously it's lower than that in the corporate office than it is on sight, but it's -- we have a remarkable track record of being able to retain our employees and that -- there are a whole lot of things that go into that. But obviously competitive compensation and benefits, but we also do a lot of things that I think none of our competitors do and most of the product companies are not able to do. For example, our community managers every year get a grant of Camden shares that's five-year besting and which is a 100 shares per year and we've been doing this for almost 15 years now. So we've got a lot of community managers that have been with us for a long period of time that have a decent stake in the Camden game by virtue of share grants. So there's a whole lot of things. But at the end of the day, we have not seen any increase in our turnover rate nor would I expect us to do so. I will say though that one of the places that we definitely have seen pressure and that we're not dealing with and haven't dealt with in the last five years is in Houston with regard to our corporate staff, the oil companies, the demand for talented, financial either two-year, five-year or seven-year people is off the charts and why you might not think that there would be much translation from the real estate business to the oil business. If you're a talented financial professional, there are -- it's crazy what the oil companies are doing in terms of making offers to folks. And in particular, we've had to deal with that and we're making adjustments where we need to and have to, but that's definitely an area of pressure. Maybe unique to Houston, because we're probably going to create in Houston probably close to 90,000 jobs again this year and it maybe also unique to the oil patch. But we just happened to be headquartered here, so it's an issue for us, but others might not be the only one.Paula Poskon – Robert W Baird: That's helpful. Thanks.
Ric Campo: Generally, I think the answers yes. And primarily because the demand of the customer is for urban product in most markets and this is a trend that has been going for quite a while. The issue of – and you have to think about sort of the Millennium, the [Genwires] that we are – that are our customers, they want to be closer in, they want to be closer to the action where they can deal with – get involved with all the social things that are going on in their cities. And so there has been definitely a move towards a more urban. Now on the other hand, our suburban properties are doing really well. And so it's – even though urbanization has definitely been get them going on and will continue to go on, our portfolio has definitely been getting newer and closer in over the last five or 10 years and it will continue to do that over the next five or 10 years because that's where the customers really want to be. And I think that's not new, but it's just a continuation. One of the things that I think is interesting in the development side, is that the apartments are actually getting smaller, and so what's happening is the apartments are getting smaller and the social statuses are getting bigger. So people want -- and that gets to affordability, where you are trying to get people in. Most people want to live on their own. They don't want to live with a roommate situation. So if you get a small space that's relatively affordable for those folks, they are willing to do that and to live in that. There's an article that the Houston Chronicle did a while back in one of our projects, Camden Travis Street and the reporters were shocked that somebody would live in a 535 square foot unit and pay $1,200 a month in midtown Houston, and when you go out into the suburbs pay the same price for a two bedroom. The person that lives there really wanted a small unit and they wanted to live in that location. Its right on White Whale and they were willing to pay that price, in that space. So urbanization continues, the development business is definitely shrinking in terms of unit size and becoming more social space oriented, as opposed to big apartments, which I think is a really interesting trend. But you got plenty [wealth] to be more urban.
Ric Campo: We are definitely seeing some upward pressure, and I think the days of that subcontractors who worked for food are over, and they are now actually requiring a profit margin. So we are definitely seeing some accretion -- nothing dramatic. 1% or 2% in commodity prices or 3 or 4. So we are putting a modest price inflation into our budgets where we didn't do that last year, and then the interesting thing is, our construction costs in our existing pools, in lease-up and the under construction right now are cutting in below our original budgets. But we are definitely putting some price inflation in the new budgets.
Ric Campo: Great. Well, we appreciate your interest in Camden and it's nice that we ended before [Amko] starts. So with that we will talk to you next quarter, and if anybody has any questions or follow-up, go ahead and get a hold of Keith or Kim or Me and we will be happy to answer those. So thank you very much.
Keith Oden: I always wanted to be Chief of something. Thanks Rick. Compared to our expectations so far this year, our onsite teams have gotten off to a remarkably good start. After a quarter like this, it's kind of tempting to just acknowledge our team members for a great quarter and move on to Q&A. With that in mind, my comments today will be brief. Virtually every metric that we use to monitor the conditions on the ground that our community remains either very good or excellent. For the second quarter, same store average rents on new leases were up 6%, and renewals were up 8.4% for a blended increase of 7%. August renewals are trending up 8% as well, with 40% completed so far in the month. Revenue growth for the second quarter was strong across our entire portfolio. We saw double digit revenue increases in four markets, Houston, Austin, Charlotte and Phoenix, and double digit NOI growth in seven of our 15 markets. Sequentially, the top six markets for revenue growth were Houston, Charlotte, Austin, Dallas, Atlanta and Denver, all with greater than 3% sequential growth. Our occupancy for the quarter averaged 95.3%, up four-tenths from the first quarter. We currently stand at 95.6% occupied. Our budgets assume that our occupancy rate would rise gradually over the year, but as it has turned out, we were able to increase occupancy aggressively in the first and second quarters, while continuing to raise rents. Our occupancy rates budgeted for the balance of the year look achievable, so the occupancy related gain in revenue in the first and second quarter, will likely not be a recurring variant to our plan. Compared to a year ago, our traffic is slightly down, but it's still sufficiently strong to allow us to raise both occupancy and rents. Despite the aggressive renewal increase, we continue to see manageable turnover rates of 59% in the second quarter, this compares to 57% in the quarter a year ago, and 48% last quarter. The percentage of residents moving out to purchase a home did move up to 12.6% in the quarter. It looks like this percentage have finally found the bottom. The financial health of our residents continues to improve. The percentage of our residents listing move outs for financial reasons or job loss dropped to 4.8% versus 9.3% a year ago. Also our bad debt expense for the first half of 2012 totaled 4% of total revenues, and that's well below our budgeted level of 0.6% of revenues. At this time I will turn the call over to Dennis Steen, our Chief Financial Officer.
Keith Oden: Sure. The D.C. metro for year-to-date posted about 3.7% on revenues and a lot of growth of about 6% and in any other -- in most other environments that we've ever operated in, those will be considered really strong results. But when your overall portfolio is cranking along at something closer to the 9% same-store NOI growth, people look at that and it certainly feels like it's weaker than the rest of the portfolio, which it most certainly is. But for those kinds of numbers, it's just not relative to historical norms, that it's still a market that I think of is, is really quite healthy. We are -- relative to our expectations not only is D.C. -- will D.C. exceed our original budget, but by the end of the year we expect that every single one of our 15 markets will have exceeded our original plan, including D.C. So we think we set our expectations appropriately for the D.C. market. We think when it's all said and done there, we'll hit slightly above our original targets for the year. There's a lot of conversation about new supply, and while there certainly is some new supply coming in D.C., we think the deliveries this year will be in the 5,500 to 6,000 apartment range. But if you juxtapose that with the projected employment growth of about 50,000 this year and about 40,000 next year, if you take the deliveries expected plus the employment growth expected, we're still in a ratio of employment growth to new supply coming online that feels very comfortable with us at about a 8.5 times employment growth to new deliveries. So I think it's -- there is a tendency to want to look at D.C. as a weak market, because if you rank it against our other ones it would be, but I -- and we just don't see it that way. Again, I think the 3.7% revenue growth year-to-date is quite good and I think that we see that continuing without a lot of disruption from the new supply that’s laid in.Jana Galan – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Keith Oden: Yeah, year-to-date it's down about 2%, which is -- we had a great traffic year last year coming out of the 'O9 timeframe. It doesn't surprise me that it's down slightly. The greatest -- the best tell is whether or not, with regard to traffic, is whether or not you have sufficient traffic to both raise occupancy rates as well as push rents, and we've done that for the last two quarters. Statically speaking, I wouldn't even call it significant but it is down by 2% from the prior year. 
Keith Oden: Rob, our -- we're basically at our plan right now. I mean we had a -- we have a fair amount of seasonality to our occupancy rate and always have. So I think you could expect that all things being equal, we'll continue to get pretty healthy rental increases. We are probably going to give up some occupancy in the second half of the year, just because we always do. And again, we model our portfolio and have consistently tried to stay right around that 95% range. And we've consciously made some decisions to let the occupancy rate drift up this year over what we did last year and because we definitely had a dip in the third and fourth quarter. We are going to see that again, but I think as we trend our portfolio down relative to our original plan, it probably get back down to, high 94s, mid-94s in the fourth quarter. So yes, I think you will see that as we typically have in the past, but I still believe that we are going to be able to get the rental increases that we've got in our plan.
Keith Oden: Yeah, we've started the process and that means that we're just kind of looking at alternatives. We have -- back to the old business, for those that may not be up to speed on this, but we have a lease that expires in 2015. We had a right to an extension, but it was subject to a prior right of Occidental and Occidental has basically told everybody in this building that as their lease expires, they intend to exercise their prior right and eventually occupy 100% of the building that we're in. So we got -- kind of good news is we got time to deal with it. The bad news is moving is never -- it's a lot of moving parts. In our case, it's kind of good news, bad news frankly because we've grown so much over the years from being less than a full floor user to almost three, four floors and we've done it by dribs and drabs and frankly our configuration and stacking right now relative to what we would do in an ideal world is pretty abysmal, so -- and we've got people kind of -- some people kind of sitting on top of each other. So it will be a good opportunity for us to rethink our -- how we should be organized and take a fresh look at things and the good news is we got a few years to deal with it.Paula Poskon – Robert W Baird: Thanks very much.
Keith Oden: Now I think they just went to see that and see what Ric's talking about is in our supplement on page 40 where we lay out the development pipeline and land. We referenced eight communities on that schedule, representing about 2,900 apartments and by our characterization of those, roughly 2,100 of those would be urban and 800 would be suburban.
Dennis Steen: Thanks Keith. I'd like to spend a few minutes this morning on our FFO guidance. We have revised our 2012 full year FFO guidance range to $3.50 to $3.58 per share, with the midpoint of $3.54, representing $0.09 per share improvement from the midpoint of our guidance range issued back in April. $0.08 of the increase is the result of higher than expected property net operating income, where $0.02 of the $0.08 reflected in outperformance to the midpoint of our guidance range for the second quarter of 2012, and $0.06 related to our projected increase in property NOI for the second half of 2012. The improvement in property NOI is primarily due to higher revenues from the lease-up communities in our development pipeline, as lease-up velocity and rental rates achieved are both running well ahead of our original expectations. Higher revenue growth from our same store portfolio, resulting from the continuation of higher than expected rental rate and other income increases across our portfolio. We now expect same store revenue growth between 5.5% and 6.5%, up from our prior guidance range of 4.75% to 6.75%. Lastly, property expenses are trending slightly better than expected. We have revised downward the midpoint of our full year 2012 same store expense growth to 2.75%, down 25 basis points from our original estimate. The favorability and property expenses is due to slightly lower than anticipated utility, repair and maintenance and leasing cost, partially offset by higher property and casualty insurance premiums, resulting from our insurance renewals completed in May. As to property taxes, we have been expecting property taxes to rise more dramatically, as assessors recognize the leasing improvements in apartment values. We originally anticipated our property taxes to be up approximately 4% in 2012. The vast majorities of our assessments are now in and our Texas markets were the only markets where assessed values materially exceeded our expectations  However, the negative impact of our higher assessed values in our Texas market has been entirely offset by favorable settlements of prior year tax protest for a number of our communities, and as a result, we anticipate property tax expense for 2012 to come in generally in line with our original budget. The remaining $0.01 per share increase in our FFO guidance is primarily the net result of the timings of our capital market and acquisition disposition activities. The favorable impact from the delay in expected disposition timing, has more than offset the dilutive impact of increased ATM issuances in the second and third quarters, as we continue to reduce leverage and pre-fund the equity requirements of our upcoming development activities. Our current 2012 guidance is based upon the following assumptions for the remainder of the year; $290 million in new own balance sheet developments starts in the third and fourth quarters. $150 million in additional acquisitions and $350 million in additional dispositions, all expected to occur in the fourth quarter at a negative cap rate spread of 100 to 200 basis points, between acquisitions and dispositions, and no additional shares issued under our ATM program. Our FFO guidance for the third quarter of 2012 is $0.88 to $0.92 per share, with a midpoint of $0.90 per share, representing a $0.01 per share increase from the $0.89 in FFO per share we delivered in the second quarter. This $0.01 per share increase is primarily the result of the following; a $0.03 per share increase in FFO due to higher property NOI, as the continuation of revenue growth from our same store portfolio and the additional contribution from the lease up of our development communities and recently completed acquisitions more than offsets our expected increase in property expenses due to the normal seasonal increase in utilities and repair and maintenance costs. The favorable impact from the growth and property NOI is being partially offset by $0.02 per share in dilution, resulting from the full quarterly impact of the 3.5 million shares we previously issued under our ATM program in the second and third quarters of this year, as we continue to reduce leverage and pre-fund the equity requirements for our development activities. At this time, we will open the call up to questions.
Dennis Steen: As I said we are definitely issuing equity to pre-fund development pipeline and our target range is 4.5 to 5.5 times debt-to-EBITDA. But generally, we clearly are operating at lower leverage levels than we have in the past. In the last cycle, the funding of the developments side of the business was done very differently than it has been done today. We used to draw on our lines of credit, give them up to about 50% or 60% of the available balance, and then we would do an equity offering or an unsecured debt offering to fund that. The challenge today though is that, we want to lock-in our financing costs with these new developments, so that we don't have a financing risk in the future associated with funding the development. So I think we are doing both. I think we are definitely operating at a lower debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio than we have in the past, and we are definitely pre-funding the development.
Dennis Steen: Yeah, I think as you go further into the recovery, you're going to have less of an impact from prior year settlements and that should kind of give you kind of a scope of what that was this past year. Probably if you took that out of our number instead of us being up close to our budget of 4% would probably be up closer to 5.5% and 6% range for taxes for the current year.
Dennis Steen: Well, if you kind of look at what our costs of that would be as we sit here today for an unsecured bond offering, we're probably looking at a 10-year that's probably in the 3.3% to 3.4% range and unsecured debt with 55% leverage would be somewhere -- I'm sorry secured debt with 55% leverage would be somewhere around that same ballpark. So we are still very much an unsecured borrower. We like the unencumbered aspect of our properties with using unsecured debt. And as we look forward, we're probably more on the side of an unsecured offering versus secured.
Dennis Steen: Yeah, Dave, for the assets that we have for sale, I think Ric mentioned in his comments, have an average age of 23 years versus our average portfolio age of about 11.5 years. Though they are on average, they're twice as old as the average asset in our portfolio. They go across probably seven of our markets though it's pretty widespread from the standpoint of where the dispositions are going to come from. But more importantly, it's not -- as Ric mentioned, it's really not about market -- making a market call, it's about making an asset in the submarket call and we have a very, very detailed ROIC tracking metric that we look at and when assets fall to the bottom of the three- and five-year return on invested capital, ranking within our 200 assets which obviously takes into account the higher CapEx requirements on older assets, if you find yourself in the bottom 20 assets, then you're very likely to be on a disposition list and then it gets down to what's the appropriate timing. And as Ric mentioned, this happens to be what we view as a very attractive time to be selling these older assets because the cap rates that are being attached to them. And obviously that's -- a large part of that's being driven by the available financing that's Fannie & Freddie are still very active and individual investors or small groups of investors can put together a club deal on these assets, get a Fannie & Freddie loan. If they're willing to go shorter on the yield curve at 2.5%, 3% and even though what looks like a relatively low cap rate to us in the sixes, when you marry that up with 60% or 70% levered on these what the worst assets in our portfolio are still quite good relative to all multifamily. Now these folks have the opportunity to put together a capital stack that produces 8%, 8.5% cash on cash return to their equity. And today's yield starved environment, there are a lot of people that find that very attractive.Dave Bragg – Zelman & Associates: And just the last question on that point. You mentioned that half of your markets are below prior peak range. What's the relationship between cap rates at the market level and where rents are relative to peak or just -- for example, Las Vegas where rents are well below peak, what's the relationship between cap rates there and some of our other markets.
Dennis Steen: There are very low even in Las Vegas. Last -- beginning of the quarter or beginning of the year, we sold a property in Phoenix, for example. That was a 25-year-old asset that nearly at a 5.1 or 5.2 cap rate and we were just shocked by that. But it goes to the issue, the key problem about the financing availability and then the expectation of rent growth. So Las Vegas as an example if the assets are trading there in the low fives because there's an expectation that there's going to be a big rent pop in Las Vegas, we are still down 18% so we have very little recovery, so we lost 18% of our revenue in Las Vegas during the downturn. And so when investors go to Vegas, it's sort of the last place that people can buy property that have that kind of upside. Now most of the other markets, Phoenix is getting back some of theirs, but maybe about half of what they lost. But Las Vegas is getting back zero, so people are buying by the pound and buying by -- which drives the cap rate really low.
Dennis Steen: No, we were already split graded and we've kind of been trading from a debt perspective at that higher split grades of having Fitch kind of move us up really didn't do much to the change in the cost by debt.Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks guys.
