Ric Campo: Good morning. The opening ceremony for the 2022 Winter Olympics are today. And as you could tell from our on-hold music and slide show, team Camden has embraced the Olympic Spirit. The Olympic theme set me down memory lane and into Camden's archive for the video I'm going to show you today. During the 2012 Summer Olympics, the U.S. women's swim team made a video using a very popular song titled Call Me Maybe. At Camden, we are proud to be a friendly and welcoming workplace. One unique way we showed this is by greeting teammates with a hug instead of a handshake. Camden employees probably give and receive more hugs per day than any other workplace in America. So if you combine our hugging culture with the Olympic spirit, a Call Me Maybe video becomes a Hug Me Maybe video. And following the 2012 Olympics this happened at our corporate office. [Audio-Visual Presentation] One of the many adjustments in Camden's world caused by social distancing during the pandemic was replacing actual hugs with virtual hubs. Since Camden is a fully vaccinated workplace, we have recently seen an uptick in breakthrough cases of actual hugging in our workplace. We all look forward to the day when all virtual hubs at Camden will become actual hubs. 2021 turned out to be a remarkable year, and we clearly exceeded our original guidance that we provided at this time last year.  Our 2021 budget call for FFO of $5 per share, with same property revenues up slightly and net operating income down approximately 1%. As reported last night, we closed 2021 with FFO of $5. 39 per share and same-property growth of 4.3% and 4.8% for revenues and net operating income, respectively. We expect 2022 to be our best year on record for earnings and same-property growth. The midpoint of our 2022 guidance calls for FFO per share of $6.24. With same-property revenue growth of $8.75 and net operating income growth of 12%. Our geographically and product diverse portfolio in the Sunbelt markets continue to outperform. I want to thank each of our Camden team members for their hard work and commitment to our values and for improving the lives of our team members and our customers' one experience at a time. 2021 was a great year, but the best is yet to come. Thank you, and I will now turn the call over to Keith Oden.
Ric Campo: Yes. So Haendel the gap between new leases and renewal rates is something that moves around quite a bit, primarily because of what we do on renewal rates. From time to time, depending on what's going on in our market or a submarket, we might put in place renewal caps. And which is not something we would ever do on new lease rates, not in this environment. So it's going to move around a little bit depending on kind of what -- it's literally our pricing team, looking at the trends day to day and making recommendations.  I think in the first quarter, we had a couple of markets that we had renewal caps in place. But I mean, you're talking about renewal caps on what might have done as much as a 20-plus percent renewal rates being capped at 18%, and that would have been in some place like Tampa, St. Petersburg. But it's not unusual for that to move around.  I would expect to see that over the course of the year, you probably will see a narrowing in that. But I think our guidance, as Alex pointed out, has new leases at 11% over the course of the year and renewals at 7%. So not too far off of where we are right now. But it's clearly, it's absolutely part of the art and science of revenue management and -- it's just our revenue team looking at current trends and making recommendations.
Ric Campo: No. And I would say when we talk about less strength, I mean, I think that's the overriding message of this entire of all the data sets that we sent out last night. I mean, you're talking about pretty uncertain levels of both new lease and renewal rates across all of our markets. And we had 12 of our 14 markets with double digit NOI growth in the fourth quarter. And that trend is continued over in the first quarter.  So, somebody always has to be at the bottom. And right now Washington DC is at the bottom. And some of that is just the drag from the DC Metro properties where we are really precluded from finding a market clearing rate for the communities that when the apartments that we have there, but overall these are I think the lowest grade that we gave was an A minus and that was Washington DC. And so it's this is the first time we've ever had that happen in our portfolio. Obviously a lot of strength out there. 
Ric Campo: No, absolutely. So we are anticipating that property taxes are going to be up about 3.3% in 2022. A large component of that is some significant property tax refunds that we've already settled the cases and so it's just a matter of receiving the check. To give you an idea, our total property tax refunds in 2021 was about $2.2 million, and we're expecting about $3.1 million of refunds in 2022. So that's one of the primary drivers of the property tax number being relatively mild at 3.3%.  The other thing I'll point out is that rates in Texas, so both Houston, Austin and Dallas, rates came in much lower than we had originally expected for 2021, and I think that bodes very, very well for 2022.  If you think about the -- sort of the rest of our expense categories. We continue to do a really good job of controlling and being more efficient with our marketing spend. A lot of that is driven by the technological advancements that I've talked about in prior quarters. And we're seeing the same thing on the salary side. If you think about the technological advancements that we've talked about, including installation of smart access for all entrance ways, which not only improves the customer experience, it also provides efficiencies for our maintenance teams and then most importantly, facilitate self-guided tours.  And then we're also improving our sales process through our funnel implementation which is our sophisticated customer relationship management tool and then also marketing and automation platform. When you put all of that in place and then we're also working on AI that all helps to sort of counter some of the inflationary expense controls in 2022 and beyond. So that's really the primary driver, and that's why we feel pretty good about the 3% number.
Ric Campo: Development deals are -- what we look at is our unlevered IRR over a 7-year period. And when you look at -- so you can talk about it from that perspective. And clearly, the good news is that rental rates have risen faster than construction costs, at least in the cycle, which is pretty amazing.  Just to give you some data points, the 600-plus -- if you take the $600 million we have under construction plus the $200 million that we've already finalized, we have cap rates. Our initial yields on stabilization have actually gone up because of the rising interest rates or the rise in rental rates to roughly 6% sort of going to yield.  When you look at our pipeline that we have, which is roughly another $1 billion, $1.5 billion, something like that. Most of the sort of average that we're looking at those are going to be in the 5s, low 5s probably. And we haven't really updated the numbers on both cost or the rents in those pro formas. So when you look at cap rates in the low 3s and existing yields in the 5, clearly, a development is a preferred option when you think about risk reward and the returns that we're making.  We have pressed our development of people to try to expand the pipeline. And if you look this year, we're in a -- our midpoint of $0.5 billion to starts, which will take our pipeline back up to a little over $1 billion or at least our construction progress up to $1 billion. It's a really good business right now. And one of the challenges, obviously, is the forward-looking start numbers and those are also peaking. So we're long-term holders, obviously.  So we can work through those cycles. And I think it’s hard -- if you ask me, could we double our pipeline and go from $1 billion to $2 billion, really hard to do. And just to give you -- I mean and just what it takes to get a development done. But we're we usually do $300 million a year, and we'll do $500 million this year and hopefully, maybe something like that next year. So at the margins, we're comfortable in that $1 billion, $2 billion range.
Ric Campo: Well, we've always have a stated view that we should have our debt-to-EBITDA in the 4% to 5% range. We're obviously below that as a result of the equity issuance, but we also have a net acquisitions or net-net investment when we take acquisitions minus dispositions plus development spend. So we'll be execute all that, and we'll get that debt to EBITDA back into the middle part of the equation.  But today, it's an interesting time when you look at the ability to put permanent capital on the books with -- and then deploy that capital into what's very frothy acquisition market, but I've never seen our AFFO yield under 3% on our stock price generally in my business career. So I think we have a green light to use every source of capital, and we will continue to be in that band. And when it's opportunistic for us to issue equity, we will, when it's opportunistic to issue debt we will, but we'll stay in that band generally.
Ric Campo: Well, we clearly like the markets we're in. Otherwise, we'd be there. I think today, entering a new market, when we entered Nashville, we did in a pretty big way and we did it early on a relative basis the big run-up in pricing a run-up in rents and that was good. Those markets are interesting markets long term. San Antonio has always been kind of an unusual market. We were close to it in Texas we see it and we generally have kind of not done to San Antonio because of the depth of the employment market there.  AT&T moved there at headquarters. They have a couple of really good things going on. But we just kind of stayed out of San Antonio because we didn't like the patient the job market there on an ongoing basis. Salt Lake, we've looked out, we looked at other markets, such smaller markets like Voice and Charleston. And we just think that our markets today are -- we've got enough to say grace over, and we have enough under-representative markets where we don't really need to get into other markets.  That being said, we did enter Nashville and there's clearly -- we follow these markets and try to decide whether we're going to allocate capital there. But we have enough places to allocate capital without going to new markets right now.
Ric Campo: The seasonality we had this year was interesting because usually, you're dropping rents pretty dramatically from the third -- second quarter, third quarter or what happened here is we had a slight decrease in the slight negative second derivative, but still a very robust number that you -- if you go back probably 10 years, you wouldn't see the number they -- the amount of rental increases that we're getting in that fourth quarter and just wouldn't see it like that. Because the seasonality this year was where it was like a really slow and not dramatic at all in any major market, which is usually not the case.  What's happened is you just had more people coming into the market and more demand in the market, which kept occupancy is high and where we didn't have to drop rents or lower renewals during this period dramatically to keep market share and keep occupancy up. And that's just the equation where you just have a whole lot more demand for multifamily than you have supply, and it just -- it created a very, very, very light seasonality, but generally not like we normally have.
Ric Campo: Well, the existing pipeline without remodeling it was sort of in the mid-5s, but it's probably going to be better than that. It's just one of those things where we haven't really remodeled all of our pipeline development deals at this point with new rents, but also we haven't remodeled them with new cost either.  So we'll do -- I think the development yields will be higher than we would have all projected, but it's hard to tell right now. And especially when you're talking about initial occupancies and we're looking at a pipeline report right now and our initial occupancies on our pipeline are in the second quarter -- first quarter through the third quarter of 2024.  So for us to kind of try to model that today, and we're just not going to do that yet. So the bottom line is that the -- it looks like this development pipeline will be a pretty robust and good pipeline.
Ric Campo: We have another that hit over 7% in Phoenix. But most of them are in the 6s, mid-6s to high 5s some of the ones, for example, that were -- when you think about real urban properties or California properties, those were in the -- those generally tend to be in the -- when we underwrote them originally in the low 5s, 5-ish. And definitely, we're going to be better than that on those. But getting the outliers like the 8s and the 7, hard to do that in this environment.  But given where cap rates are if you think about you're producing at 6% or 6.5% and you have a 3.25 cap rate, I mean, you talked about some creation of value there, it's pretty amazing. The development margins are probably at the highest level I've ever seen him. And I said that probably in 2010 and '11, but these are higher today is cap rate is compressed so much.
Ric Campo: I would add one thing that, which is we still do have these regulatory impediments in California and then D.C. proper and a little bit in suburban D.C. markets where we've made some real -- a reasonable estimate of when things return to normal. And by that, that means can you evict people who haven't paid rent for 2.5 years. Can you -- are there rental controls in place or renewal caps in place. And we do believe that we're heading towards improvements and some of these things that are going to be taken off the table as far as impediments to running our business.  But it doesn't take -- what does it take in today's environment for policymakers who have been kind of behind the curve on adapting to the pandemic is an endemic versus you get the first hint of the new variant. And it just seems like all bets are off and they retreat to the lowest common denominator of start talking about lockdowns again. So I would just add that to Alex's list of kind of what's out there that could be different and create headwinds for where we are in our portfolio.
Ric Campo: Well, we don't normally see occupancy this eye. So I'll point that out in the first we're on record levels of occupancy. And obviously, that's 1 of the things that we're watching closely, and we are looking at our yield management software to make sure that that as occupancy gets to these type of levels that we are pushing rents and the natural effect of that is that you would expect to see occupancy sort of curtail a little bit.
Ric Campo: So the -- if you look at -- I'm going to use the forward-looking construct as a model kind of what the past year was -- and in the past year, we think in D.C., our overall -- it affected our overall results portfolio-wide of about 40 basis points. I mean it's not a huge thing. And going forward, we do expect that we will see some relief in 2022 in D.C. proper and probably in the suburban markets as well. We've kind of got that our thinking process is maybe somewhere around midyear, you get the beginnings of a return to normal.  But that's -- again, like I said, that's crystal balling to a certain extent, and there's always the possibility that you get some new stealth variant that people get freaked out about and retreat to the old habits. But yes, it's not a huge deal in our portfolio. It wasn't last year and wouldn't be in a reasonable scenario in 2022.
Ric Campo: Sure. Well, I don't think that based on what we're seeing through the -- at least year progresses the way we think it will, I don't think there'll be -- I think you're going to have a competitive acquisition market. I don't think that's going to change. I guess it sort of depends on what the Fed does, right?  If Fed gets ahead of itself and all of a sudden, people are starting to forecast an economic slowdown because they are moving too fast. And people worry about recession and rates go up really fast and you start worrying about that underlying economic activity. Maybe you'll have some softness in acquisitions.  But right now, if they if they moderate interest rates and interest rates start going up, I don't -- there's still a wall of capital and there's still great supply and demand dynamics and when you think about pricing of real estate or any sort about it, it's really about liquidity and there's massive liquidity still in the market, and the Fed is not just rode the liquidity day one.  And then the second biggest issue is supply and demand when you think about pricing. And so liquidity is not going away and supply and demand is great. And so then you start thinking about inflation issues and then ultimately interest rates. And so I think I don't see an opportunity for rising cap rates or better pricing for multifamily assets this year. We will get our fair share. And there's a $300 billion of transactions. We can recap a few in our little corner of the world. So I think that we'll still be able to buy properties, but I think it's going to be a blood test for sure.
Ric Campo: It's interesting. If you look at from 2017 to 2020, Florida -- the two largest markets that had in-migration domestically were Florida and Texas. And on the Florida had 100,000 more people go to Florida versus the average for '17 through '20. Same thing in Texas. We had a little less 75,000 people came in from domestic migration and the two states lost the most were in New York and California. So this out migration of those high-cost, highly regulated markets has been going on for Keith mentioned earlier.  And what happened during the pandemic is people moved because the other markets were open, I mean, you could go to a restaurant in Texas or in Florida and. And so that when you think about that part of the equation, I don't think you're going to have -- most economists don't think you're going to have, okay, we're going to run back to California or New York because we move because they're down buying houses and reach and apartments, and they don't really need to be in a specific place to their job yet because of the office situation.  So I think we probably don't have the big peak or the big spike if we are [Tech Difficulty] will continue in its normal pattern, which is people want to be in a place with less regulation and lower housing prices and good weather, and that's what's been driving the Sunbelt for the last 20 years. And clearly, the -- I agree with Keith when he made the comment that California and New York are not going away. I mean there's still big large economies and people love to live there, and they'll still live there.  But at the margins, you're going to have -- the cost forces people out the businesses move. And so that's going to -- I think that's going to keep happening, but that doesn't mean that they're not going to do well long term because they have plenty of other in migration from immigrants and from immigrants and just natural birth that actually losing population generally.
Ric Campo: Affordability still remains really good in our portfolio. They're just -- even with rents going up as much as they are, you have to look at it on a relative basis if you average it over a 3-year period since we didn't raise rents and rental went up 4%-ish in 2021 for the whole year. You're talking about a 4.5%, 5% rental increase over a 3-year period with these big rent increases, right? So it's not like people are going up from -- that is just higher and higher and higher and they're having problems paying plus wages have gone up.  So our markets still are very affordable. -- when you look at actual rents relative to incomes. The other piece is the piece of the equation on single-family rentals. So single-family rentals are I think it's a really interesting market. And clearly, the public companies have proven that, that single-family rental is a real thing, and they figured out how to run it, which is really good. You think about if somebody goes -- when someone moves to a single-family rental, the average square footage is 2,000 square feet compared to a 950 square foot average apartment that Camden has.  They tend to be more suburban rather than urban. They tend to be -- so most people, when you think about buying a house or leasing a house, they're doing it for not capital -- money reasons, they're doing it for social reasons. They need more space they have kids or they have -- they just need more space.  And so with that said, we've never had a -- when you say [Technical difficulty] in the Houston suburb than it is in the urban core, which it is. I mean if you are leasing in downtown Houston or Midtown, you can go out 30 miles out of downtown and buy a house and have an occupancy cost that's lower than your rent substantially.  And -- but people don't do that because they want to be in the urban core, and they're not married. They have average don't have kids. And so you have -- it's really not -- because I can go rent a house or buy a house that’s not the -- and the money side of it, whether it's affordable or not is really not a drive for people to go do that. What drives in social position, they're older than kids they need more space, that kind of thing. So that really has occurred our market, obviously, because we're -- we still have more demand than we have supply and our occupancies 90% in Houston here 96 and to change yet. You can go out and buy a house in the suburb for a lot less than you can pay for rent merger.
Ric Campo: Well, I think it's an interesting space, and we've looked at it a lot. And it is to me, there's -- it's just another niche. And the question of whether we would get into a big, we tested things like, for example, we tested independent living. And we decided, once we did a couple of independent living deals that the cycle in the market was very different than our normal than just a market rate apartment project. So we decided that we wouldn't expand that. And we're going to dabble in single-family Hilton and see how we like it. We think it's an interesting model because it's really just another segment is as long as it -- we can operate efficiently; the way we operate our apartments than it might be a nice growth area over some period of time. 
Ric Campo: I think we don’t have any other questions in the queue? I think we are -- that was the last one. Great, well we appreciate your time and we'll see some of you in South Florida, and so take care, and we'll talk to you next time. Thanks.
Alex Jessett: Well, Haendel, that's exactly what our strategy has been. We talked about it on the call last time, which was we were going to use this environment to sell down Houston and D.C. and then expand our portfolio and to increase the exposure in some of the markets that we're underweighted in. Ultimately, that's our strategy. It's going to take us a few years to get there, but it makes a lot of sense.  I mean clearly, geographic diversification and primarily being in the Sunbelt has definitely helped us a lot. And I think, ultimately, as we do that sort of portfolio redistribution over the next couple of years, it will help us do more geographically diverge. If you look at the last cycle in terms of how much we bought and sold, I mean, we really transformed the portfolio from 2010 through about the fourth -- to the pandemic. And we sold on average, 26-year-old assets and redistributed that cash flow sold out in Las Vegas.  So we did a lot of portfolio management then when the numbers that was really if you look at how many sales we did relative to our total asset base in 2010, we redistributed 44% of our NOI around the country as a result of those transactions, where we sold assets, nearly $3 billion that bought properties and then we also developed properties.  And so we'll continue that. I think this environment gives us the opportunity to do it on a very, very low spread basis where we're not giving up a lot of cash flow given the amazing market that people want to buy. Those are properties they sort of -- that's kind of the hottest spot in the market right now, even though all it's very cost for sure.
Alex Jessett: Early on, there was sort of a pricing differential in Houston relative to other markets and D.C. a bit, but that is vanished because from wallet capital -- when you look at what's happened, I mean, in 2021, there was roughly 300 -- almost $350 billion in multifamily transactions. And just to put it in perspective, the gateway markets, the sales were up 8% from the prior year. And in non-gateway markets, they were up 96%.  So all the non-gateway markets is where the capital went. So for us, when we started talking, I think last year, when we talked about the selling down and redistributing these assets talked about perhaps having the 100 to 125 basis point negative spread on the cap rate, and that's narrowed to under 50%.  The massive bid for those properties. And there is no discount today in Houston or in D.C. And I think the other part of that equation is when you think about Houston, Houston added 154,000 jobs this year. It's going to add 75,000 jobs next year. 2022 is the year where energy companies are actually hiring, and that has to do with $90 oil.  Some people are thinking that oil is going to go to over 100. But -- so the bottom line is that while Houston has not added all of its jobs back from the pre-pandemic level and all of the other cities in Texas have Houston has gas in its tank. And it is our lower -- the Houston and D.C., while there's a lower growth cities today, they still have the ability to -- they have gas in their tank because they haven't been able to we haven't pushed them as far as other cities.  And then D.C., as Keith mentioned, in our district -- in the district, we have some really significant assets we cannot raise renewal rates. So you just have to renew it at the original number. And we have a lit the market there, and that's what's driving sort of DC to be at the bottom of our growth.  But even when you look at Houston number, we're -- in a normal year, I'm ensuring Houston, but the problem is you've got the markets like Tampa and Phoenix are just out of control good. And so the slowness of Houston makes you feel like it's dragging on because I mean it is on a fundamental basis, but it's still really good, well above trend for Houston. And I think we have the benefit of more growth there when other markets perhaps start slowing in the future.
Alex Jessett: Yes. So if you look at current loss to lease and there's -- as we've talked about in the past, because of dynamic pricing, there's lots of different ways you can sort of slice this number. If you look at all of the new leases that we signed in December and you compare those to the effective leases in place, that would put loss to lease sort of in the 10% to 11% range right now. So that's sort of where we are.  If you think about the way we are anticipating 2022 to sort of roll out, we're anticipating continued very strong numbers and obviously in the first quarter and then second quarter and third quarter, we get into sort of our peak periods. But we are expecting seasonality to start kicking in towards the latter part of the third quarter and the fourth quarter. So you'd start to see start to see a lot of that coming back down.
Alex Jessett: Yes, absolutely. So the $5.3 million in the third quarter, that was a total. On a same-store basis, for the third quarter, it was $4.2 million. That did increase to $5.1 million in the fourth quarter of '21. So that gave us, for a same-store basis, about $12.5 million for 2021. And what we've got in our assumptions today is that we're going to recognize about half of that amount in 2022.
Alex Jessett: Yes, absolutely. I think that's probably a pretty good way of thinking about it. If you sort of look at December of 2021 to December 2022 and what do we think market rent growth is going to be over that period, we think it's sort of in the call it, the 4% to 5% range. And then you've obviously got the loss to lease that we're going to be able to recognize partially throughout the rest of the year.
Alex Jessett: Yes. So we do have a little bit of a unique perspective because we've operated in [indiscernible] in the Sunbelt markets for many years now. And I think -- I mean, our general plan that the patterns of migration from coastal markets, in particular, California, the Northeast, into the Sunbelt markets that was already in place pre-COVID, thoroughly accelerated during COVID.  And -- but our view is that when COVID when it all settles back down to a more normal pattern, you're still going to be left with the normal with the pre-COVID trends of migration to the Sunbelt for reasons that really don't have anything to do with COVID inexperience, although that clearly was an accelerator.  But interestingly enough, in California for 2022 based on our game plan, California is really not going to be a drag on the portfolio in 2022. So the job growth that's happening in L.A. County versus the number of new starts there, puts that particular market in a really good place. Clearly, the difference in -- and you still have -- we still have some kind of fighting the regulatory construct in California. But we do anticipate that, that will improve in 2022. So I think we are going to get some relief.  In D.C., our issue in D.C. relative to the balance of the portfolio, as Ric mentioned, is more a DC proper experience for us. The metro -- there are a couple of outliers in the D.C. metro suburban markets where there's still some regulatory constructs in place, but they're minor in the overall scheme of things.  So I think that both of those markets post-COVID, post regulatory constructs are still going to be going through the reset in rents that the rest of America has already -- a lot of America is already in the midst of. I don't think they're going to get passed over in the sense of that we're going to come out of this and look back two years from now, and there was a reset that didn't include the last 10% up in both California and D.C. in the D.C. metro market. It's just going to come in a different timing.  And as Ric mentioned, mean it kind of bodes well for us as we roll through 2022 to have 2 of our larger markets. And then I throw Houston in that basket as well because we clearly haven't gotten -- we're not going to get the reset all at the same time as we got in our other markets in Houston. So 3 of our largest markets that are kind of going through the reset in a different phase than the others. But in our view fundamentally hasn't changed about the investment thesis for why we're in California and why we're where we are in California, which is primarily Southern, which is exclusively Southern California and the D.C. metro market, I think, is due for a nice recovery post-COVID.
Alex Jessett: Well, I think the -- clearly, our cost of capital has gone down, and we do adjust our current rates based on our cost of capital. And it's just a simple model, right? It's equity, your equity cost plus your debt cost and the weighted average cost of capital and you compare that to your unlevered IRR. So a couple of points, one being the exit cap rate, and that's always a very tricky number, right, which is what do you use and that can be all of the math. We generally try to move that up from our initial acquisition number by 25 to 50 number like that. But that's obviously a crapshoot.  What our cap rates and price is going to be in 7 years, right? So -- which is our model period. In terms of going in yields, though, when we -- underwriting today, I mean if you go in and we buy a property today in Phoenix, for example, or only using an example where we actually bought 1 like in Nashville. So in our original national underwriting in the 2 properties we bought last year, we had moderate growth, and we bought those in May.  So we didn't have this big wave that sort of happened, and we know it's good markets. And we knew that rents were starting to move up, but we didn't think we didn't realize they're going to move up as part fast as they did. So all of our acquisitions last year are outperforming by a substantial margin of what we thought that we may be doing.  We put in moderate growth through 2021 and forward. And today, our underwriting is a little different because it just depends on where the rent role is, but we definitely are increasing rents at a faster pace in the first 12 months of the acquisition today. And then we start backing off of that in 2023.  As we saw the product we have better-than-average growth in 2022 for obvious reasons, better average growth in 2023. And then we start moderating it to long-term historical numbers. And we use somewhere around 3%, 3.5%, depending on where it is. And after that, the numbers were -- the numbers generally still work pretty well even when you're going at these low numbers because a low cap rate is because of the outsized growth in to get in 2022 and 2023. So we're comfortable that we're making good spreads over our long-term weighted average cost of capital and not underwriting so much that we have to have prices go up or cash flows go up dramatically to make those numbers work.
Alex Jessett: Yes. And that's why I was trying to make a differentiation between if you think about the dynamic pricing, right? So our pricing is changing every single day. And if you take a sort of a snapshot at the end of the quarter, right? And you say, this is our asking price as compared to our effective rents and you're going to come up with a different number. What I was telling you is that if you actually look at the leases that we signed during the month of December and you compare those to the effective rents. That's where you're going to come up with sort of this 10% to 11% level.  So it's 2 different ways of looking at it. If you just look at it based upon the pure asking rents, yes, there's going to be about a 13% number, right? But as we know with dynamic pricing, that there is a typical or there is a tendency, whereas pricing is sort of ticking along and then it will drop and then we sign a good amount of our leases at that little drop and then it'll go back up and so really two different ways to look at loss to lease, I think that the sort of 10% to 11% is probably a better way to look at it in an environment like this.  In a typical environment where you're sort of talking about a 3% to 4% loss of lease is not as dramatic. But clearly, when we're here with unprecedented new lease and renewal increases, I think it's important that you look at it both ways.
Alex Jessett: We certainly did see some seasonality, and you can see that if you look at the effective versus the sign. So we did see some seasonality, particularly in the month of December. But yes, so that's the math, and that's how our numbers are working out.
Alex Jessett: And that’s the pipeline of communities that we haven't started. If you think about the ones that we have started, we're looking at yields north of 6% there on average.
Alex Jessett: Yes. I would tell you that we're really on the forefront of this. And ultimately, we expect the efficiencies to continue through 2022 and really take hold in 2023 and beyond. It's -- obviously, the trend that we're all moving towards is self-guided tours. And as I said, when we rolled out our Smart Access solution, which is what you must have in order to effectively do self-guided tours. I think I think that's going to be a big driver as we go forward, especially if we can start adding wayfinding, which is going to be the sort of the next thing that we're all working towards.  And then I think our virtual leasing agent, which we're in the process of building out right now, I think, is going to create some real significant efficiencies as we go forward. So really excited about where we are today, but even more excited about where we're going to be, as I said, the latter part of 2022 into 2023 and beyond.
Alex Jessett: Stay tuned, and we will continue to, as we flesh this out, give you guys better information around the actual dollar amount. But I will tell you, I think we're all very well aware that we are operating in a very inflationary time frame right now, and we're coming out with expense growth of 3%. So you can start to see that we're already capturing quite a bit.
Alex Jessett: Yes. Here's what I would tell you is probably a little bit different. If I think about the factors that could cause us to be below the midpoint. One of the big ones is bad debt and is wrap, right? We talked about that we had $12 million or $12.5 million in 2021 and then we're anticipating about half of that in 2022. Obviously, that's a very variable item, right? And that's something that we're very focused on.  The other thing I'll tell you is that we took our occupancy down to 96.5% from 96.9% in 2021. And so we'll watch that very closely. And then really, the third factor is how does the third and fourth quarter shake out? I mean there are certainly -- obviously, we feel very, very, very good about our business. But there are things out there that we're all watching, which are more on the macro side, and we'll have to see how that affects the third and fourth quarters.
Alex Jessett: It's interesting thing because when you think about the demand. It has come -- people came out of the woodwork, right? And I think what they did is when you think about this is that pandemic, there were like 1 million millennials that we're missing from the market. A lot of those folks are still living at home or there are room make scenarios and form households. But then if you think about what happened then with pandemics, so everybody caught it up you have more people that were potted up during the pandemic. And then once it started releasing those folks had jobs, number one.  Number two, they probably have got razors because of the issues with that are facing employers today. And they got checks from the government matches stimulus checks. So when you think about it, you had -- by the end of last year, I think there were $2.7 trillion of excess savings, now we have about $2 trillion of excess savings.  So if you were potted up and you have weariness from COVID and being around the people that've been around for so long. You go out and form a household and run an apartment because you've got plenty of money in your pocket, you've got a job and life is good. And all of a sudden, this massive demand came out as a result of opening up and especially in our markets now you didn't have that happen in California or New York as fast as it did in Texas and Florida. But I think it just had a lot of people who didn't have funds pre COVID but have them now because of the late tightness of the labor force and the massive government stimulus.
