Ric Campo: Thanks Kim. The theme for our music today was fools as in April Fools. Since our IPO 29 years ago, April 1st, 2022 was one of the most consequential days in Camden's history. The day began with Kim Callahan telling us that Camden was being included in the S&P 500. At first, we just assumed Kim was attempting one of the lamest April Fools jokes in history, but Kim has never been a big jokester. Later that same day, we closed on our largest acquisition since the Summit merger in 2005 with the purchase of Texas Teachers partnership interest in 22 Camden communities with a gross valuation of $2.1 billion. And finally, April 1st was the day that Camden completed the implementation of our Work Reimagined initiative, a comprehensive restructuring of how we staff, manage, and support our Camden communities. Alex will provide more details on this initiative in his comments. Any one of these events would have been a big deal for Camden. The fact that all three happen on April Fool's day was extraordinary and that's no joke. I want to give a big shout out to our teams in the field. We're continuing to outperform our competitors, while improving the lives of our team members and our customers one experience at a time. I'd also like to give a big shout out to our real estate investments, finance, legal, and asset management groups along with our accounting group for their amazing work in completion of the acquisition and the permanent financing for the Texas Teachers' transaction truly a team effort. Keith is up next. Thanks.
Ric Campo: Sure. We have ongoing conversations with our JV partner. And we're talking about valuations and ultimate disposition of the pool of assets. The actual sort of finalized date in the pool was to sell assets by 2026. So, we had a 4-year kind of window. And it made sense we thought -- we think to go ahead and buy that portfolio. We had a meeting of the minds. They wanted to exit over the next four years. We figured that it'd be a pretty interesting way to create value for us long-term by doing that immediately.  The valuation metric was we had just completed an appraisal of the portfolio in December. And then we -- what we did is we took sort of values that were pretty evident in the market kind of average them together and then negotiated a fair price for both parties. So it was a very positive transaction for them. The fact that they put $300 million in and took out $1.5 billion worth of cash through the holding period and had an IRR way above 20% on their capital was a pretty positive transaction for the Teachers of Texas.  And from our perspective, it allows us to be more efficient in our portfolio by acquiring those assets. The other part of the equation, I think is really interesting about those assets is that they're primarily suburban and so it helps us with our suburban portfolio. Suburban continues to outperform urban generally. And we're just seeing this great transaction for both parties. 
Ric Campo: Transaction market is still very, very buoyant. Clearly the tenure going up 100-plus basis points in three or four weeks has definitely got people kind of head scratch and thinking about what pricing ought to be. I would say that the acquisition market for leveraged buyers has definitely taken a pause. The value-add space which we don't really play in, but that has definitely taken a pause.  But when you think about sort of core assets or core plus assets in the multifamily space that are being acquired by long-term holders for cash. That part of the market hasn't changed at all and there's definitely very aggressive bids continuing for that. So we'll see when you think about sort of any asset value it's driven by four things in this order. Liquidity in the marketplace which there's massive liquidity; supply and demand fundamentals which you could -- you can't argue about that in the multifamily space today; and then inflation expectations which we all know are going up; and then ultimately interest rates. So I think at the margin some leverage buyers are definitely having to rethink their underwriting. But most institutional buyers like us are just kind of looking at it as a -- it hasn't really changed the pricing from that perspective.
Ric Campo: Well, nothing really. I mean we have a budget this year of a couple of hundred million dollars of sales. We usually do those at the end of the year primarily because we like to keep the cash flow as long as we can in the current year. But we have a methodical disposition and acquisition program and we're going to continue to execute that. If you think about the last 10 years, we have sold $3.4 billion of assets with an average age of 23 years and we have acquired $3.5 billion with an average age of four years maybe with the exception of the fund, which was actually 12 years. So we're going to continue to be involved in the market and it makes sense. If you think about all our dispositions we've done I mean all the low hanging fruit from a disposition perspective from Camden has been done and we love our markets. We like where they're operating. And at the margins, we'll sell some assets and reallocate capital as we talked about in the past we will be continuing to lower our exposure in D.C. and Houston primarily through organic growth, but also through some pruning of those -- of the portfolio in those markets as well.
Ric Campo: I'll just add to that. If you take our signed and renewal leases and you take out the two biggest markets Houston and D.C., we had a 14% blended increase with all the markets included. Take Houston and D.C. out, it's 16.6%. So to Keith's point the markets that have not reset to the level with the rest of the country have the ability to do that over the next couple of years. And Houston's issue is that energy has been -- has not added back all the jobs they lost during the pandemic. And Houston overall as an economy has still not added back all the jobs that we lost during the pandemic. And so there's gas in the tank if you will for Camden going forward on renewals and new leases. One of our two largest markets start over the next couple of years. We're able to do that big reset on them. And don't get us wrong. I mean, at least we're getting 8% to 9% increases in new leases but it's nothing like Tampa or Phoenix or some of these other really white hot markets.
Ric Campo: The other part of that equation is general condition costs are up because it's taking longer to build. So pretty much every one of our development has definitely been enhanced by higher rent growth and better yields than we originally anticipated and that the pipeline that we're starting right now we start out with a fairly low expectation of rental growth over the next couple of years and then flat-line at 3%. So there's definitely upside in the ones that we're starting this year in terms of our yields. But the thing that you get into this issue of how fast supply can get into the marketplace. And we're adding 60 to 120 days of additional time frame on our construction projects anything we start this year. And that's in addition to the 60 to 90 days that we added three years ago. So it's really, the supply chain issue is going to be a problem through 2023, 2024. So that's sort of good news and bad news. It takes you longer to build. But on the -- so that's bad news. The good news is, is that all this new supply that is starting in response to the demand push that's happened in this industry is going to take a lot longer than most people think to come to the market. So that should make us feel pretty good about 2022 through the end of the year and through 2023 and not having major supply pressure on the demand side.
Ric Campo: We did not. And it's probably a -- it's a number that we talk about, but it's such a speculative number that we're really not going to talk about that. It's just -- it's hard to predict ultimately. Maybe second or third quarter is a better time to ask it.
Ric Campo: We've actually done that before. And it was -- usually the margin make decent money on those types of transactions and I know our competitors do it. But we would rather keep our balance sheet clean and focus 100% of our attention on our existing portfolio. And at this point, we have no joint ventures on our portfolio. We have the most simple and cleanest balance sheet in the sector and we're going to keep it that way.
Ric Campo: Sure. So you're talking about the two properties that we have acquired in Houston and those are both purpose-built single-family for-rent properties. And the way we look at them is, they're just horizontal apartments, right? And the fact that they're all in one subdivision, and they're -- and both projects are a decent scale 180-plus units. We just think it's an interesting thing to the single-family rental market to sort of dip our toe into. If you look at our history, we got involved in student housing we got involved in senior housing and those two areas for us were too kind of far-flung for our taste. The single-family rental market is a different animal. And if you can have a subdivision and have some scale within that subdivision then you sort of run it just like an apartment and maybe with less staff and what have you. But I think it's just an interesting and potentially expansion ability for us in the markets we're already in. So we're -- like I said, put our toe in the water. And the yields are pretty much the same on those properties as they are in the multifamily space. The challenge with purpose-built single-family rentals is that the size of the project is not ideal. Most of our new developments today are over $100 million and most are like $150 million. So, it's a little inefficient for our senior development people to work on smaller deals like that. But it's I think an area for us and also the municipalities oftentimes don't understand single-family rental. So it takes longer sometimes to entitle and -- but ultimately, I think it's an interesting area for us to look at and to ultimately maybe get some benefits from how they're operated and have that translate into more efficient operations in our final projects.
Ric Campo: Sure. Right now rent to income is around 20%. If you look at our new leases our average household income is about $116,000 and our lease to the rent-to-income ratio is slightly less than 20%, but overall it's a little -- right at 20%. And the challenge with that number is we don't ask our residents to update their income number. So, what's been happening is, is when we renew somebody the rent goes up, but their income stays the same because we don't we ask them to update their income. And so I think those numbers at 20% and a little less than 20% are probably overstated. It's probably in the teens if you upgraded everybody's income.
Ric Campo: We're definitely on it no question. There's – when you think about the states like Florida and Texas, they may talk a good game in the cities at the local level, but at the state level it seems very counterintuitive to think that deep red states with Republican governors are going to go anywhere near repealing sort of statewide bands on local municipalities doing rent control. And so I think, we're in good shape in most of our markets, we're not really too concerned about rent control. National Multi Housing Council, we're very involved in that and Laurie Baker serves on their leadership group, and we're talking on an ongoing basis to lawmakers about rent control. Nationally, it really won't be a national thing. It's really a state-by-state thing. We just had a conference call last week for example – this week with the California Apartment Association, and the industries expects to have another fight in California coming up on repealing, the statewide rent control scenarios. But generally speaking, in our markets, I think we're pretty good with the exception of California rent control issues.
Ric Campo: These are standalone products, with two car garages at front yard and the backyard. We probably, when you think about whether they're townhouses or not, I think that, we're starting out with detached. And I think ultimately townhouses make sense too. We developed townhouses as part of our development program in certain places for example in Atlanta at our Camden Buckhead property. We have townhouses and they're three bedroom townhouses, and they get the highest average rent, and they're absolutely full all the time. So I think – I don't think, it's negative that townhouses are negative. The two that we're building right now just having to be detached.
Ric Campo: When you look at our numbers from 2021, it was interesting to watch -- to see in March of 2021 or move-out to buy houses was around 16% in April, through the end of the month. So far it was 17% in March and April of 2021. And if you go back to this March, we were at 16%, which is pretty much the same as it was in the prior March. And then -- but April fell to as Keith pointed out, 14%. So we had a 300 basis point decline from April 2021 to 2022 and a 200 basis point decline from March to April. And April is sort of thought as the spring home buying season. People rush into the market before the summer. And so having those numbers decline year-over-year and month-over-month tells me that single-family home move-out to buy homes is not going to be a problem for us. And there is some tension and stress in the market where people can't afford the high price or the high interest rate at this point.
Ric Campo: It also shows above average or above long-term trend revenue growth in 2023 in spite of the new supply coming in. 
Ric Campo: Well we did -- we did have the appraisal -- formal appraisal where we mark-to-market at the end of the year. But then at the first quarter, we also then adjusted that for what we thought the current market was. And that's -- at that point we -- is where we sort of came to struck the price. So there was an adjustment from the appraised number in December and we ended up with having -- not having a big discussion about what those prices were since we had sort of two sort of basis that we used in December 1 and then another valuation kind of metric in probably at the end of February early March.
Ric Campo: There are no other bidders in the tent. It was a direct negotiation between the partners of the JV which was Camden and Texas Teachers. And so when you look at the cap rates on it, at the end of the day I think it just became evident to Texas Teachers at least from their perspective that they wanted to trade based on valuations and the value that we -- the value calculation that we did after the original appraisal values in December were substantially higher than the price values in December. So I think they just thought it was when they looked at everything overall the efficiency of the transaction from their perspective and our perspective was really, really good because had we gone out and bid it into the market, clearly we wouldn't have been able to do the transaction. From start to finish it was a four week transaction. And if you try to bid a 7,200 unit portfolio 22 properties in multiple markets that's a 120-day gig. And so I think Teachers was very interested in getting the deal done as soon as possible as we were. And it was sort of -- we both looked at it as a moment in time and we got to what we thought was fair value even though you never know what values will be clearly when you bid and we were happy about not having to bid it.
Ric Campo: Great. Well, thanks for being with us today. And we'll see you guys in NAREIT in a couple of -- in few weeks, right? That's the first in-person NAREIT in June. So thanks a lot and take care. Bye.
Keith Oden: Thanks Ric. Now, a few details on our first quarter 2022 operating results and April trends. Same-property revenue growth exceeded our expectations at 11.1%, the best quarterly growth in our company's history. 12 of our 14 markets posted double-digit revenue growth in the quarter with Tampa, Phoenix and Southeast Florida showing the strongest results. Given this outperformance and an improved outlook for the remainder of the year, we've increased our 2022 full year revenue growth projection from 8.75% to 10.25% at the midpoint of our guidance range. Rental rates for the first quarter had signed new leases up 15.8% renewals up 13.2% for a blended rate of 14.4%. Our preliminary April results are also trending at 14.4% for blended growth with new leases at 14.7% and renewals at 14.1%. Renewal offers for May and June were sent out at an average increase of 14.4%. Occupancy averaged 97.1% during the first quarter of 2022 which matched our performance last quarter and compared to 95.9% in the first quarter of 2021. April 2022 occupancy is trending at 96.9% to-date. Net turnover for the first quarter of 2022 was 36% versus 35% last year and move-outs to purchase homes dropped to 14.1% for the quarter versus 15.8% last quarter in line with normal seasonal patterns we typically see from 4Q to 1Q of each year. Move-outs to purchase homes remain well below normal for our portfolio. Finally I want to acknowledge all of team Camden for recently being named to Fortune's list of 100 Best Companies to Work For. This year marks our 15th consecutive year on this prestigious list. Camden is one of only five companies included in the S&P 500 and also named to Fortune's list for the last 15 years rarified air indeed. Next up is Alex Jessett, Camden's Chief Financial Officer.
Keith Oden: Yes. Sure. I just give you a little bit of detail about the – we call it nesting humming birds, right? So some people call it coding. But the geography of our portfolio is pretty unique in that respect. And our approach probably it's very unique to Camden because of our geography. So within our 170 plus or minus communities, after this reformation of reporting responsibilities and duties into Nest, we end up with about 46 communities that are still standalone single community manager staff. And then we end up with about 76 that are nested in a payer of two and we have 39 communities that are in groups of three. So and that's really just based on geography and being able to staff those communities in a way that the on-site step becomes interchangeable with regard to where the need is for whether it's maintenance personnel or leasing personnel. So that's kind of the geography of it again, driven a lot by the way our portfolio lays out and the ability to be close enough to a sister community to make that work. When we started out and there were going to be all different permutations of this. Everybody is going to end up with an approach that works kind of for their grouping of assets in their geography. But when we started out, we didn't have a stacking in mind. What we were trying to accomplish is really two things regarding our on-site teams. One is one of the biggest challenges that historically of the single asset community manager, assistant manager, leasing and outside staff is that you just don't have the ability to have the promotion ability and the growth opportunity for those folks because they're sort of in the single line stack That's one challenge. We're providing additional growth opportunities by having new positions, the sales leader position and then the operations analyst position that people can migrate to over time as their experience increases. So that was a driving influence for us is to come up with a better mousetrap to provide for growth opportunities. But the second thing was that you always have – you have a single community in this linear community manager, assistant manager, outside staff, inside staff, you just – you end up with a situation where your skill sets are not properly aligned in many cases. You end up with people who are naturally inclined to sales as a leasing consultant. The next logical and really only move in most cases for them to advances to become an assistant manager. And assistant manager has in some cases they have some sales duties and in a lot of cases it's very much an administrative support role. And honestly, our best salespeople are generally not our best administrative tasking people. And so that was just an inherent shortcoming of not being able to leverage people's strengths because of the structure that we were bound to by having the single community linear approach. So that was the second really driving influence for us is to get people matched up to where their natural strengths are and then provide more opportunities for growth within that hierarchy. So I hope that explains a little bit about our philosophy. 
Keith Oden: Yes. So I think that the -- when you think about renewals and new leases I mean we manage our rent roll. Our revenue management team is doing this daily and we're looking at situations where it might be appropriate to put caps in place if you're trying to manage to a turnover or an occupancy amount and we've done that in some cases. I think the reality for our portfolio is that we started seeing really significant both new lease and renewal increases in the sort of May-June time frame last year. And obviously we're lapping up on that. And so we're coming into a period where we were already aggressively pushing both new leases and renewals and most of the rest of the market had not started to do that and certainly a lot of our public company peers have not gotten to the point where they had that kind of pricing power. So we're going to run into that first. You got to think about the move in rental rates both new leases and renewals in these markets is just a complete reset of the market clearing price for multifamily. And we are going to reach that first because we started down the trail first in terms of a market clearing price for these assets. It's -p there's a lot of conversation a lot of questions around the 16%, 17%, 20% headline increases. And that's true. We have seen that. But I think you for context you almost have to think of it over a three-year period because our residents who are yet they're getting these big kind of eye-popping increases right now. But for the two previous years you go back two years ago we were actually decreasing rents since beginning of the pandemic. And then the second year we had some very modest increases. So for the most part our residents are the reset of the rents if it's 15% over a three-year period it would be more like 5% per year for three years. But it's since it's all in one year it's kind of the headline. But we will definitely reach that reset first in our portfolio. I think the two markets where we are not going to reach the reset probably not even by the end of this year are Houston and D.C. proper and maybe L.A. County. And that's more in D.C. proper Loudoun County in the D.C. Metro area in LA County. That's a regulatory constraint. And then in Houston we think that we don't have any regulatory constraints anymore. And our growth rates have picked up pretty significantly. But those three of our markets probably will be the three that have not completely reset by the end of the year. 
Keith Oden: Yeah. We just approved another grouping of -- for our redevelopment program in total of about $125 million. So we still as the vintage works and the new construction pricing around our existing assets that are anywhere from 10 to 15 years old, as those rental rates continue to escalate, it makes the REIT positions look much more attractive. Obviously, the yield on that book of business has come down over time, but it's still the best play on the board for Camden with regard to capital allocation between either new development acquisitions or reposition. So we'll continue to do that as we can. There are a couple of assets that we acquired in the fund that are already under repositioned. There are a couple more that will likely be added to the pool next year. But honestly, we had already done some repositions with our JV partner as they made sense. They were always extremely supportive. They understood the play and the return on invested capital was the best play on the Board for the joint venture. So we operated the fund as if they were Camden assets, obviously with the consent of our partner. But there's not -- it's not like we were waiting or didn't have approval or didn't have capital or didn't have the buy-in to do repositions as they were appropriate within the fund. But there will be some assets that will be added just on -- based on conditions on the ground and what's happening to interrupt rental rates in the submarket.
Keith Oden: You're always going to have some degree of seasonality Rich. As you mentioned, Phoenix is the reverse -- has a reverse seasonality to our entire -- the rest of our portfolio for the reason that you mentioned. But the -- from these levels of occupancy and the level -- the low level of turnover that we've seen and continue to see, you just -- the leasing season, the volumes are just not going to be there as they have been in the past. We got incredibly low turnover and we're starting from a very high occupancy. So -- but more people -- but it's just a fact. I mean people in our markets tend to move around more in the summer. There's an impetus to get something done before kids go back to school, or they -- for whatever reason they're relocating. It just -- it's conducive to doing so. And always has been. So I don't think seasonality will be there. I just don't think you're going to see it in the leasing numbers if you're comparing -- start comparing year-over-year how many leases that we executed in the next six months, call it, between now and go back to pre-pandemic. I just don't think you're going to see anything like that, but it's not because seasonality is not out there, it's just a different set of facts.
Keith Oden: Yeah. So we actually declined from last year. We were in the high 15s. So far this year we're back down to 14%. Long-term average for our portfolio over the 20-plus years is about 18% to 19%. So we're still well below what the long-term average is. And with the recent spike in the tenure and the corresponding move in mortgage rates, I just -- I can't -- it's hard to see that number getting much traction on the upside anytime soon. I suppose, it's possible that you could sort of have the panic, buy like I have to buy now before it gets worse effect in this quarter, but mortgage rates above 5% versus where they were even six or seven months ago in the 3s is a game changer for most people. And I think that lenders are probably putting place in a lot more scrutiny around borrower requirements just because the -- it's better to underwrite them. And so I think, it's pretty likely that we'll stay much 300 or 400 basis points below our long-term average on move-outs to buy homes. It just gets tougher-and-tougher. So not only do you have in many of our markets single-family home prices have doubled in the last five years and now you have a 5% mortgage rate. And the combination of those two things is just a killer for affordability for most first-time homebuyers.
Keith Oden: Yes, Ron Witten has got completions in our – across Camden's portfolio at about 160000 apartments this year. And then in 2023 based on his estimates that goes to 212000. So about 50000 increase across our entire – all of our 15 markets. And I do believe that this is Ron has updated his completions numbers to try to capture the impact that Ric talked about earlier which is it just takes longer to get these jobs built. So everybody that's been doing completions work for years and years and they've been using the same kind of estimates and metrics around start date how long to first unit turned and how long to deliver completed product. They've all been badly wrong in the last two years and I think they're finally made some progress on understanding just what the effects of this elongated construction period that everyone is dealing with. So I think he believes his numbers have captured, the slippage that is happening above historical rates and he thinks we're going to be up 50,000 completions across Camden's markets next year which if you look at it market by market there's not none of them look terribly troubling at this point as long as we continue to get decent job growth.
Keith Oden: I think you have to start with the places where we are constrained from getting market rate increases and that would be D.C. proper, still certain parts of California. And those are meaningful numbers. And Washington D.C. which includes the D.C. proper assets Loudoun County where we are -- we still are not able to push through what the market rate increases are. Our total rents in Washington D.C. for the quarter were 5.3% against a portfolio-wide average of something north of 11%. So -- it's 17% plus or minus of our NOI. So it's -- that's a big part of the story is that, as other places kind of moderate from 20% to 16%, you still have Washington and in parts of California where we're getting no rental increases or CPI-type rental increases. So it's -- I mean I think that's the biggest part of the story. In terms of -- we certainly believe that if we were unconstrained in Washington D.C. and we know just mathematically if you -- we haven't had anything close to a reset of rental rates in D.C. proper and Loudoun County because we haven't been able to raise rent. So I think it will happen and I think it's likely to happen. I mean I hope that we get out of the constraints of regulatory regimes that don't allow rental increases just by sort of fiat or a local order by the end of this year and we certainly expect to. And I do believe that just the way things are trending right now, that we will be coming out of the constraints even though when you come out of the constraints, there's still going to be a period of time where we have to work through the process of actually getting control of our real estate on the folks that are still not paying or choose not to pay. So -- but I think it's -- I think we feel like we're in a really good position, given the uncapped rental increases that we're going to get to at some point. And I just -- I certainly hope it's by the end of the year.
Alex Jessett: Yes, absolutely. So we've got about $350 million of debt that comes due December 15 and that debt is at 3.15%. The way in our model that we plan on paying for it is the a couple of hundred million dollars of dispositions at the end of the year that Ric mentioned. But if you think about overall rates for us the indicatives that we have right now are right around call it 4.1%. And to give you an idea, probably about six seven weeks ago that number was sub-3%. So pretty aggressive acceleration on rates. 
Alex Jessett: Yeah, absolutely. So if you look at our current pipeline, we're anticipating right around a 6% stabilized yield. If you look at the assets that we haven't started yet that number is right around 5.25% to 5.5%. If you think about construction costs, probably the easiest way to think about it is to bifurcate it between high rises and for high rises we're seeing escalation right around 0.5% a month. For wood frame construction that number is right around 1% a month. I will tell you though we're starting to get some good news. Lumber is down to I think it's about $1000 per board foot, which is off of the $1,400 that we saw about three months ago but it's certainly well-above the $400 that we were seeing in normal time. So we're still seeing some escalation. It's still fairly significant, but there are some signs that it might be slowing down a little bit.
Alex Jessett: Yes, absolutely. So, the first thing I'll talk about is taxes. So you have to remember that taxes, is about 35% of our total expenses. And initially we thought taxes were going to be up 3.3%. We now think they're going to be up 3.8%. The big driver there is Austin and Dallas. We got our initial valuations in. They were in the 30% up range. Obviously, we will contest those as we typically do. And we obviously anticipate that there's going to be some rollback in rates to account for the increase in valuations but that's one component of it. The second component of it is insurance. Originally, we thought that insurance was going to be up, call it, around 11%. We now have it up around 22%. 70% of our insurance cost is associated with rates. We think our rates are going to be up right around 30%, which is continues to be a really tough insurance market. We are actually in the market right now trying to do our renewal. We're going to know a little bit more obviously, probably in the next three or four weeks, but we feel that what we have here is a pretty good number. And then the other side of it is salaries. And as we typically have done whenever we have outperformance on the revenue side, we do increase our bonus accruals. As you know we do reward our on-site teams for their efforts. And so you've got a component that's directly tied to what we're anticipating for outperformance on the revenue side for the rest of the year.
Alex Jessett: Yes absolutely. So, if you think about in the first quarter of this year, about 19.3% of our move-ins came from non-Sunbelt markets. If you look at that on a year-over-year basis, that's up 160 basis points from the first quarter of 2021. And if you compare it to the first quarter of 2020, right before COVID got started, that number is actually up about 330 basis points. So, continue to see really, really robust demand from folks moving from outside the Sunbelt into our Sunbelt markets and continuing to see acceleration on that front.
Alex Jessett: Yes absolutely. So, collections for us in the first quarter were right around 98.8%. If you think about bad debt and you sort of go back to the trend. So, pre-COVID for us bad debt was right around 50 basis points. In 2020, that number was around 120 basis points and that stayed that way through all of 2021 as well. What we're anticipating in 2022 is a slight improvement in that number and we're thinking that will get down to right around maybe call it about 100 basis points. Yes go ahead. 
Alex Jessett: We certainly anticipate that as we move through 2022, we're going to get back to a more normal trend. I mean really if you ignore California in our portfolio, our delinquency is right around 50 basis points, which is right in line with historical averages. So, as long as we get to the point in California where we can enforce contracts, which we certainly hope by the time we get to 2023, we're going to be in that scenario then we should assume that 23% is going to be a more typical year. And by the way the 50 basis points that I told you in 2019 that's what we experienced since we went public. So, that's very much a normal year. 
Alex Jessett: Sure. So loss to lease for us is right around 11%. And obviously, as we -- as we work through 2022, we should capture a large percentage of that. Now obviously, you have to remember that for renewals we're not generally bringing renewals, all the way up -- all the way up to market for a variety of reasons. So you'll never really capture that full amount, but we should get quite a bit of it for the rest of the year.
Alex Jessett: Yes. I think the best way to probably look at that is we're getting towards a blended 10% and so the blended 10% includes the full year. 
Alex Jessett: Yes. Obviously, we've had over the past call it 1.5 years we've had a situation where new leases have been higher than renewals. Now at some point in time that will converge right? And that's what you typically see. But for our assumptions right now we are assuming that they are not converging just yet. And if you think about why renewals are less than new leases it's what I sort of mentioned earlier, obviously when you've got a resident in place there are certain – there are frictional costs associated with that resident leaving. And that's typically why at least in the past 1.5 years we've had lower rates on renewals. 
Alex Jessett: Yes. I mean so when we talk about an 11% loss to lease what we're doing is we're looking at the signed leases that occurred -- that occurred in March as compared to the in-place leases. You are right that if you have an upward trajectory of rate increases in 2021, then you start to build off of either lower or higher numbers depending upon how you flow throughout the year. And theoretically, I mean that's why the loss to lease starts to -- starts to minimize as you move forward.
Alex Jessett: Yes. So if you think about market rents and sort of increasing on a year-to-date basis, on a full year for 2022, we think it's going to be up right around 4%. And so you can probably sort of extrapolate that back to what we're seeing in the first quarter. On loss to lease, I think the way that, Keith sort of laid it out is probably the best way to think about it, which is you've got D.C. and California, which make up 23% plus or minus of our total portfolio. And that amount is going to have a much larger loss lease calculation. And you can probably take that loss to lease. It's almost sort of hard to understand exactly what it is right? Because you don't understand what the true market rate is because there's so much to discover. So I think as we sort of move through the legislative challenges that we have and then we're able to establish what real market is we're going to have a much better idea of what the true loss to lease is. 
Alex Jessett: Yes. So we set our settings. I mean, it's really interesting, because the higher you set your occupancy settings, the higher rate drives the rental rates, right? And you're trying to get to that sort of sweet point where the occupancy setting is high enough that you ultimately max out on your rental rates. And what we've seen is that no matter how high we set, we continue to have just really tremendous demand. And that's why you're seeing that type of new lease and renewal increases that you're having. So it's not a matter that we're sitting here and saying, we want to be at 96.6%. We do believe that and we do have perhaps some conservatism built into our numbers that the occupancy levels that we've experienced over the past really four or five quarters can't continue. And so that's what you've got baked in. And then if you sort of think about what are we assuming in terms of blended rental rates on a go-forward basis, as I told you, we're assuming that we're averaging at 10% for the full year. So if you look at the first quarter that's right around 15%. If you look at the second quarter we're at call it 14.5% already so that would imply that we're assuming that we get down to sort of a 7% number for the third quarter and maybe a 4% number for the fourth quarter.
Austin Wurschmidt: Thanks everybody. I just wanted to go back to the new lease rate trends a bit, which recognize they've moderated a bit here from the peak. And just wondering, how much you think is really seasonality related versus the tougher comps and just normalizing steadily normalizing operating conditions because up until this point to what you just said really turnovers remain very low and occupancy really held up quite well in 1Q. So I guess what's holding you back from trying to drive new leases even higher to the extent that you're still getting traffic and sort of keeping occupancy fairly elevated relative to historic levels.
Austin Wurschmidt: Right. Right. So presumably market wages have moved much more than probably market rents over that three-year period that you were talking about earlier in the call.
Austin Wurschmidt: Got it. I missed that 10% number so thank you for that. And then what is the -- is the 30- to 60-day availability when you look out is that elevated versus prior periods or tracking similarly? Kind of known move-outs plus current vacancy.
