Richard J. Campo: Thanks, Kim, and good morning and afternoon to everyone on the call. Our pre-conference music was chosen today to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Beach Boys. I know, we’ve received number of e-mails about the Beach Boys, they maybe a little too old for this crowd on the call, but for some of us the good vibrations are definitely a continuing theme in the multifamily business. We are looking forward to catching the wave of continued strong operating performance in 2012. I want to thank our Camden teams that made our strong 2011 operating performance possible. We ended 2011 strong with same-property revenue increasing 6.7% over the fourth quarter of 2010, and 5.5% for the year, which leads the sector in revenue growth so far. Same-store net operating income increased 8% for the quarter, and 7.1% for the year. We expect 2012 to be a repeat of the strong growth that we had in 2011. Strong macro factors continue to favor our business. On the demand side, falling home prices and tougher mortgage underwriting has kept competition from single-family home limited. Our customers have been doing very well in a slow job growth environment. Nearly, 60% of the jobs created in last two years have gone to people 34 years old and younger. The average income of our residence has increased from $61,000 per year to nearly $67,000 in the last year driving the ratio of rent paid to income down from 18.5% to 18% in a rising rent environment. Historically, the rent to income ratio across our portfolio has been around 22%. While more young adults are working now, there are still 1.8 million living at home or in roommate situations, most of whom are waiting to move out into apartments. Multifamily supply is increasing from post World War II lows, but it’s now forecast to reach 200,000 units until late 2014. Multifamily demand should continue to exceed supply for at least the next several years supporting strong multifamily operating fundamentals. During 2011, and into January 2012, we took advantage of an attractive acquisition disposition and development environment. We acquired 6,076 apartments in our fund for $590 million, generating double digit cash returns for our partners. We continue to recycle capital through dispositions, and sold 2,800 apartments for $251 million. Our real estate investment and construction team started 2,800 apartments adding $504 million to our development pipeline. After the end of the quarter, we acquired our partner’s interest in 12 properties, 10 of which we developed. We financed the acquisition with 100% equity. The acquisition and equity offering was accretive to earnings, and strength in our balance sheet. Debt-to-EBITDA is now 6.3 times compared to 7.6 times during 2010. We will continue to maintain a strong balance sheet or the debt-to-EBITDA target of around 6 times. We continue to be active in the transactions market, and we’ll be active this year. Our 2012 guidance includes $250 million on balance sheet acquisitions and $250 million of dispositions. We expect to add another $350 million to $450 million to our development pipeline bringing our development pipeline to nearly $1 billion. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Keith Oden.
Richard J. Campo: Sure, the acquisition market, we think it’s going to be pretty good this year. Towards the end of the year, people started pulling assets from the market, and at least from what we hear from the broker community, there is a fair number of broker opinions value that, what are coming out and there is a fair number of owners that are being pushed by their banks, and other vendors where we have debt maturing this year. So we think it’s going to be a pretty good acquisition environment. As far as cap rates go, the good news is, there is going to be more assets out there, the bad news is, cap rates are low. So cap rates on acquisitions are going to be anywhere from depending on core portfolios of 4.25, sort of outside core market somewhere in the 5 to 5.5 range. In terms of acquisitions versus dispositions and the spread between acquisitions and dispositions, last year, we were sort of right on top of each other in terms of ability to sell dispositions assets pretty much at same price we’re buying acquisitions at. This year we’re budgeting somewhere between 150 and 250 basis points of negative spread between acquisitions and dispositions, but if the market remains blank, we’ll probably do better than that.Jana Galan – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Richard J. Campo: So I would not call it deferred, because deferred implies that you’re sort of, it implies something different than what happened. I would call it, where we had choices to make, for example, a paint job that’s on a community that’s at the margins. And you live with it another year, we absolutely made those decisions in 2009 and 2010. So we knew that there was going to be a catch-up component primarily around things like big ticket items like paint jobs, we’ve got far more paint jobs that we pursued last year, and budgeting again in 2012, than we did in’09 and ’10, and that makes up, that’s primarily the different, Eric.
Richard J. Campo: That is Glendale. And we’re projecting a unlevered or a non-trended return around 5.5, 6 and with a trended in the 6 to 7, 6.5 to 7. And we think that’s a pretty attractive transaction.Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill & Partners L.P.: Okay. And the second question is, on construction lending, it seems, that it’s still quite strict, the banks are still pretty tough in giving construction loans out. In your sense just speaking like all of your merchant friends, is there a sense that this is coming from the regulators that’s keeping the banks from lending or is this more that it’s internal to the banks like they just do not want to take any construction risk, and therefore they are being very careful in where they actually do construction loans.
Richard J. Campo: I mean starts have gone from 70,000 units or 75,000 units to 150,000. So obviously those are, when you look at the pure increase, you could say construction lending has doubled and it clearly has. The question though is, can the merchant builders ramp up as fast as they could in the last cycle. And part of the issue is that the structure of their businesses has fundamentally changed, where in the past the banks would make them construction loans without regard to the capital that they had behind their companies to pay those loans back. And that’s a different animal today.Richard Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: So I guess, I meant when I say trending up, but trending up substantially. Let’s start with my statement.
Richard J. Campo: I think that’s definitely a initiative we have been facing is municipalities have cut staff, and even in places like Houston where a month or two behind on one of our space, our 55 and older property primarily because the building inspectors hadn’t inspected buildings in a longtime. So you had new people and they cut staff and its taken longer to get things done because of the limited staff folks and then the people that are on staff are having to be educated both our side and their side to be able to get things accomplished. I think that’s definitely a key issue and that it’s taking longer to get things planned and longer to get them build.Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That’s all I have. Thanks very much. Yeah.
Richard J. Campo: I think, it’s really across the portfolio, and what’s happening is, as the rent increases and renewal rates increase, what’s happening is, people who took advantage of lowering rents were they could afford a better located or maybe higher quality apartments than they hand in the past, they were able to move up, sort of B buyers moving up into A properties because of the lowering of the rents. As the rent cycle has turned around, now what’s happening is as folks that aren’t necessarily their incomes haven’t gone up enough to offset that rent, they certainly have to actually move down market. So what’s happening is that our people are, so the new people coming in the door are – they have higher income. So it’s not necessary that our existing rent basis is increasing at a very significant rate, because obviously 61,000 to 67, 000 is pretty big increase relative to what’s going on in the income growth. So it’s really people moving in that have higher incomes and people moving out that have lower incomes because they were pushed, they came up during the rental decline cycle and now they’re having going back down market in the cycle. We haven’t seen a lot of variation in markets, it’s already happening in all the markets in a very similar way where people are just getting the higher quality residents coming in the door, when our lower quality residents are having to move down market.
Richard J. Campo: Great, well thanks for staying on the call. And we will be taking music requests via email for the next call. So we’ll see you at the next conference. Thank you.
Dennis M. Steen: Yeah, Eric, this is something that we’ve been tracking for long time, and we watch very carefully. When we talk about the starts in multifamily, we include both components, both up for sale, and for rent. Even in this environment, that proportion has moved up slightly, but it’s – the bigger issue is the total number of starts, not what’s moving around within the category of multifamily. And just to put that in perspective, because I know there is a lot of concern and fairly starts have moved up from the bottom. At the bottom, we were at a run rate of something around 75,000 annual starts. And right now depending on whose numbers you’re using, we’re probably in the 150,000 to 160,000 annualized. One of the data providers that we used because there is a – it does a great deal of – has done historically a great deal of work in these particular areas is Ron Witten. And Ron just recently brought his forecast down for total multifamily starts to be below to the 200,000 level throughout 2014, and in his previous forecast had starts moving up close to the 250,000 in the 2014, ’15 timeframe. So there is a lot of analysis that goes behind that. But the bottom-line is that, recently the trend has been towards a more moderate view of the total starts. And just to put it in perspective, as it relates to Camden’s portfolio, I mean one of the things that we have used historically, and this goes back 20 years, it’s a pretty decent of rule-of-thumb, and in our business, it’s not perfect, but it’s like any rule-of-thumb. There is a reason that people have used it over the years. If you think about in any given market, roughly five jobs creates a net demand for one multifamily unit. So if you got five jobs, you’re going to get one additional net demand. So one of the things that we look at it is, the ratio of the jobs being created to the – what the completions or deliveries are likely to be. If you look at our portfolio for 2012, and you take the jobs number divided by the completions number. So anything above 5:1 ratio means that things are getting tighter and better around the margin, and anything less than 5:1 would indicate that things are – that supply is getting the edge. Out of the 17 markets that we operate in, there is not a single market that currently has less than a 5:1 ratio. If you take the aggregate ratio for all Camden’s markets, the ratio right now is 10:1. So we were projecting across Camden’s markets about 440,000, call it jobs, and about 44,000 completions. That’s an extraordinary number, and I’ve said, we’ve been tracking this for 20 years, and I’ve never seen a scenario like that. There have been times when completions were lower, but it was normally on a market where you’re hemorrhaging jobs. So the fact that we don’t have any single market that’s less than 5:1 and the average across our portfolio is 10:1, this tells me that there’s a, we got a long way to go. If starts stay below 200,000 to get anywhere close to a level of concern where the supply is going to be driving the overall results in multifamily. Obviously it matters, all supply matters, it’s like filling rocks in the pond, if there is some tangential effect. But if we continue with the kind of what we’re forecasting for 2012 is kind of a middle of the road moderate results on jobs growth, and today’s number is any indication we may do significantly better than that, which would only help improve those stats that I just gave you. So that’s a long way of sand, it’s not something that we’re really concerned about at this point, and if Witten’s forecast are right, we think we’ve got until 2015 before it becomes an issue.
Dennis M. Steen: They will not. They’re going to be in non-same-store for 2012, and they won’t actually come into the same-store pool, maybe not until 2014, because they’ll be out part of this month. So they’re not going to be in same-store.Robert Stevenson – Macquarie Research Equities: Even though you already owned a portion of it.
Dennis M. Steen: Yeah, because we actually consolidated them on January 20, something. And we will not be reporting in the same-store pool.Robert Stevenson – Macquarie Research Equities: Okay, thanks, guys.
Dennis M. Steen: When we started, post-Wold War II low, and you have a historical number of 300,000 and you go from 75,000 to 150,000, that’s substantial.Richard Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Yeah. Okay. I just wanted to clarify that statement.
Dennis M. Steen: Yeah, Austin, Dallas, Charlotte, but Charlotte is improving [really] certainly.Richard Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Then anyone on the top of the A list. Okay, thank you.
Dennis M. Steen: Yeah, on the other hand municipalities are seem to be much more motivated these days to have a taxable interest rather than rolling out, so. Yeah, unfortunately they don’t communicate in house, they’re some inspectors they maybe helped you – help you, gave your project sort of its own, but once its in the upper they tend to be just sort of [side load] and they do what they do.Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks very much. That’s all I have.
Dennis M. Steen: Well, I think, I don’t have the numbers for the peak at this point; we can look them up and give you those offline. But I think that even these, even the residents are coming in now that have higher incomes, still have the same issues with respect to the people that are in there, credit scores are better, but the balance sheets of these people are pretty limited in terms of down payments and the ability to get home loans. I don’t think that our – that the people are more out to buy a home, but obviously, when you have higher incomes, they have the ability to do that. I think one of things we looked at is sort of the age range, and our age range really hasn’t changed that much. And what drives home ownership is really demographics based on age, those are the people get the higher propensity they have to own homes. And so from that perspective, even though our income is up, our average age has not risen. The – sort of early 20, mid-20s group continues to be the dominant demographic force that is pushing our business. They tend to be very high propensity to rent folks. And so even if they have better incomes, they are not going to go buy homes until they get to that sort of sweet spot of the demographic to buy homes, which is really 35 to 45 years old.
D. Keith Oden: If you look at it across-the-board, you’ve got a – in our portfolio the range is pretty broad and so it’s kind of hard to say, was any broad brush, what’s going on. All the way from Ohio and Denver, it was almost 17% for the fourth quarter. You had – Atlanta was in that range, 17%. But at the other end of the range, you got, California is still at 5.9%, Las Vegas or Austin is at 7.4%. Most of the Houston markets were in the 10%, 11% range. So it’s not that we don’t have markets that are higher, it’s just that even the markets that are higher are below the average rate that we’ve seen in our portfolio for the last 20 years, which is somewhere around 18%, 18.5% range for a long-term average. So even in outlier market, where you see 16%, 17% relative to ’12 or ’11 that things like a lot, but relative to historical averages, it’s still extraordinarily low.Karin Ford – Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you for the color.
D. Keith Oden: Rich. Rich, let me give you the progression, and again...Richard Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: You are eating up my question time here, but go ahead.
D. Keith Oden: The progression is in the U.S. starts, and these are Witten’s numbers. And so the 11 actuals would have been 150, that ‘12 projected as 186 in the 2013 projected as 177. Now, if you go back to 2009 in that progression, you get the risk number, which was up 75,000 apartments. Don't misunderstand our message, starts have increased and based upon these numbers, they are likely to increase again in 2012, and then moderate to roughly 175 in 2013. To me that's not the question, because what that level of starts translates to in our markets, like the Camden level, where we’re looking at starts and completions, that translates into roughly 43,000 apartments. And we’re projecting 438,000 jobs in 2012, that’s a 10:1 ratio. It’s not yet zero, and 43,000, but it’s a decent size number of completions across Camden’s market, just it’s dropped by the historical relationship of jobs to completion. So I think what – where people are, where they’ve started the [handling] is thinking that, because you get this progression from 75 to 150, that the next data point is likely to be 300, and the one after than 600. And it’s just not in the cards.Richard Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
D. Keith Oden: Two things, but there’s three things, construction lending that we’ve talked about.Richard Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Yeah.
