Richard J. Campo: Thanks, Kim and good morning. To most of you, good afternoon in New York. I want to first give a shot out to our Camden team members who work smart and with integrity to produce another solid year of growth and improved portfolio and strong balance sheet for the company. In 2015, we guided at the beginning of the year to a 4% increase in same property net operating income and we finish the year with 5.2% growth in our net operating income. Our geographic and property diversification strategy continues to work for us, stabilizing our operating income as markets go through their business cycles. I know that the market is forward looking but it's important to understand the pasts have set the stage for the future. As Mark Dwayne, famously said “History doesn’t repeat itself, but it rhymes.” In the last cycle that we began in 2010, I want to give you Camden's score card to the end of 2015. Our average rent increased from $937 a month to $1,322 a month a 41% increase producing a 7.1 compound average growth rate. Our average portfolio age began 2010 with at 12 years old and ended in 2015 at 12 years old. I wish I could do that with my age. Camden's net operating income growth was the second highest in the sector from 2010 through 2015 at 37.1% growth, which produced the compound average growth rate of 6.5%. Our debt to EBITDA improved from 7.2 times to 5.2 times producing with the strongest balance sheets in the sector. 2016 will be another good year for our business with operating trends above long-term averages. Apartment demand from millennials and empty nesters should be sufficient to absorb new supply and be constrictive for rent increases in most markets. Houston is our second largest market with 12% net operating income contribution. Last year as Houston added 23,000 jobs. The energy sector loss 31,000 but the healthcare, education, hospitality and government added 54,000 and its offsetting those energy losses. We expect another slow year for job growth in Houston coming up. Another 20,000 energy jobs look like they are going to be lost, but they will be offset by 42,000 jobs gained in the same sector that we are adding in 2015. In the near-term Houston has too many apartments coming online given the slow job growth that we are experiencing now. Houston is no stranger to oil price volatility. In the last 20-years oil prices have ranged from $16 a barrel to a high of $145 a barrel with lots of peaks and valleys along the way. Over that same period, Camden has experienced only one year where our net operating income was down 10% and that was during the recession of 2003 with revenue sound 3.7%. Our guidance doesn’t include such a drop at this point, but for those of you who have a much more bearish outlook for Houston, a 10% decline in our net operating income will reduce our 2016 same property net operating income guidance from 4.5% to 3.5% we will reduced our FFO by $0.06 per share. While we expect Houston to be our slowest market in the near-term the market will hold up better than most people expect. Forbes magazine just published a list of the Top-10 cities for growth in the U.S. from a business perspective and Houston, Dallas, Fort Worth, Austin and San Antonio were in the Top-10. Low oil prices are good for America and especially for our residence. They have more income to pay rent and other necessities. Over the last two years, we have been a net seller of properties. We will continue to be a net seller of properties in 2016. Apartments are fully valued in the private market. Private apartment companies enjoy a cost of capital advantage over public companies at this point in the cycle, we will continue to sell non-core assets during 2016 using proceeds to fund our development, paying down debt and return capital to shareholders when we can't find a suitable investment. With that I will turn the call over to Keith Oden. Before I do that however, we do have a winner and the winner is Neil Malkin with RBC, who correctly guessed that all five of the new additions featured on our pre-call music started in the Houston, Texas. Just a reminder that there really are other things other than apartments to get started in the Houston, Texas. Over 30 other people have the correct answer so far, but Neil was the first one, so Neil good job and we are glad to your quick one on your feet and on your iPad as well. So now we will turn it over to Keith as well. Thank you.
Richard J. Campo: Well, I think the guidance that we give is always we try not to be overly conservative, but we also try to be realistic on what we can achieve. I think that one of the things that is interesting to know that wasn’t in our prepared remarks. It was just the interest thing as I was putting together my notes for the call is that if you go back to our original guidance for 2015. Our 2016 guidance is actually higher than our original guidance for 2015 which I think even though we outperformed our guidance, so we obviously some of our markets did substantially better than we thought they were going to do. So particularly the range that we built around Houston we basically hit right on our number for Houston for 2015, so 3% revenue growth was kind of what our original plan was and that's about where we ended up. So if you think role forward this year obviously we've got the role forward of the rent role in Houston, which is still providing some benefit to us and we've got a forecast this year for basically flat on revenue growth, which we think is appropriate. We think it appropriately addresses the conditions of a lot more supply coming online with some pretty new to job growth, but at the same time it also reflects the fact that a lot of our portfolio in Houston is not hit ground zero for the delivery of new supply. So we think we properly covered the risk that are out there, obviously the Houston being a little bit more volatility around that number, but we think we got captured appropriately.
Richard J. Campo: And I think the key to that too you have to dig into the details of who really looses their jobs and if you think about what’s going on, it’s similar to what happened at financial services and you guys probably on the call know more about that than we do, but a lot of people are getting laid off in energy are older people, people 45-year and up and they are hiring younger people for obvious reasons. Younger people cost less, are more flexible, have new technology in their brains and 50-year old don’t. And generally 50-year olds or 45-year old don’t live in apartments, they live in homes and those people are doing even though they are laid off, they generally have more capital and they are making a home mortgages and things like that so there is no stress in the market. So I think that part of the equation people miss and just think well if you have this print of a 31,000 job losses in energy, it's all bad for the market. But remember we have 6.5 million people that live in this region and 31,000 people losing their jobs is very, very tough for them personally, but it's a drop in the bucket in the scheme of 6.5 million people in the region.
Richard J. Campo: Well multifamily asset pricing as I said in my remarks priced very full right now, cap rates are the lowest. We've seen them in our business careers and in every single market that we operate in. and so when you think about it from that perspective, it really is hard for us to compete with the private people from acquisition perspective. That's why last year we had zero acquisitions, even though we had $400 million of joint venture funds money to spend in addition to our own. With that said, we think development is a smarter alternative even though we are shrinking our development pipeline giving where we are on the cycle. As far as portfolio sales go, clearly there is a premium for portfolios today and to the extent that we can drive value from that premium and we will.
Richard J. Campo: Well you know when you first rank every property you look at the bottom sort of 10% or 15% of your portfolio and that sort of by definition is non-core, because it's growing slower than the rest of the portfolio. And when an asset is growing slower than the overall portfolio, it's obviously a drag on your cash flow and a drag on your NAV. So redefine those as non-core and then what happens generally is that if a property is experiencing a slowdown in its return on invested capital there is a reason for it, it’s either old and it requires CapEx. It doesn't return cap that doesn't increase the ability to increase rents or maybe a sub market that’s going sideways and so that generally creates the situation that sub market situation or market situation that actually creates the non-core position. So will always have properties that are non-core.
Richard J. Campo: Well when you look at the market, our largest market is Washington DC and we have properties from Washington DC that beyond on that list too, but the bottom line is that when we think about our geographic exposure we think about percentages, but we are not wed to a specific number. So when you think about DC for example, 16% of our portfolio is Washington DC plus or minus. Washington DC is a bit vast market, we have some in the district, we have some in Northern Virginia, we've some in [Lawton] County and so you can't really sort of say it's all one market in my opinion. So with that said, we are wed to a specific percentage, but we do look at the percentages to try to balance the portfolio, because when you think about a geographic diversification just like a stock diversification, you are trying to lower the volatility of your cash flow this year. So our same-store NOI growth is going down 60 basis points at the mid-point from last year and that's because Houston is going down and other markets are going up to offset that. So we want to keep a balance, but we're really not wed to a specific number
Richard J. Campo: Well, it is a market that is improving. So instead of just flat or down a little, it's now up 1% or 2%, but we don’t see it getting to the point where it's 4% or 5% like the rest of the country because of sort of supply pressure. Even though supply is coming down some. It will be interesting to see how the presidential election affects, because generally speaking when you think about DC, change of administration whether Republicans come in or Democrats retain, all those creates a lot of movement in activity. And given that we as a country are not doing stupid things like shutting the government down and things like that that’s obviously a positive for the DC market sort of long-term.
Richard J. Campo: I don’t think the players are changing much. You do have the big buyers that have emerged obviously the portfolio buyers, but you still have sort of a combination of depending on the markets you are talking about, a combination of what we call Country Club money buyers which are private individuals that are using 70% to 80% leverage, floating rate debt. So they are buying five cap rates or the low end of five cap rates, financing it with 2% to 2.5% money, generating 8% cash-on-cash returns, and just focusing on cash-on-cash returns more than anything. And you have sort of the pension funds that are still big buyers out there in a lot of markets and they are buying core assets and they are paying sub five in most markets and sub fours in closable markets. So I think there is a very good combination of private pension and large capital players that everyone knows about. And in most markets you are getting multiple bids by all the above players depending on the property type you are trying to sell.
Richard J. Campo: Sure. So when you build guidance you have to build sort of guidance around what you think is going to happen, but on the other hand, you also have to adapt to the market as it goes forward. And so to the extent that we see opportunity to sell, larger asset base at a really good price, then we would do that. And clearly if we exceed our 250 million mid-point net disposition guidance we would have to change our strategy and not do a bond deal and we do have some complicated tax issues that we obviously have to deal with. We’ve told people in the past, we are probably right at the edge of - if we increase our dispositions from where they are today, we would have to do special dividends, most likely unless we did 10/31 exchanges and the 10/31 exchange markets really sort of you are selling you have the same challenge of buying and I don’t see a lot of opportunity to do that. So yes, if we sell more you we will do a bond deal and we’ll have to change guidance.
Richard J. Campo: Well, obviously, if you got lease ups going on in your neighborhood then you are going to be more impacted, but jobs obviously do matter in the sense that people will congregate and aggregate where most of new construction has been closer to down town which is where the job growth has been and which is where also poor people want to live. So the difference the last year n 2015 Alex between kind of what we thought was going to happen. So you have a 3% revenue growth target. We end up hitting 3%, but we did that with 20,000 plus or minus jobs instead of a 100,000 jobs, but the biggest difference in our forecast was that we also last year had new supply coming online of roughly 20,000 apartments and our guess is that roughly 6,000 to 7,000 of those apartments did not get delivered in 2016 that were originally forecasted to be delivered. And the reason for that is delays in construction and just the lack of availability of subcontractor and skilled labor. So you start out the year, you think you are going to get 20,000 apartments and 80,000 jobs, you will look forward to get 25,000 jobs, but you only deliver 12,000 apartments to 13,000 apartments. Now, it doesn’t mean they went away and they will be delivered and some of those are going to be delivered into 2016 and obviously some of the 2016's are going to roll over into 2017, but to me the explanation for how we still hit 3% revenue guidance in light of a dramatically different job picture was the supply got rolled forward.
Richard J. Campo: Well the disconnect in the stock prices versus the private sector, I think if you think about what drives prices first of all of any commodity or any assets it's liquidity number one. Number two is supply and demand, number three is inflation expectations and number four, interest rates. So right now the private sector has had interest rates are the least impactful. When you think about liquidity, the market is still awash with cash with massive amounts of cash. People are looking for yield and where you can buy a multifamily property in a reasonably balanced supply and demand market, those folks aren’t worried about the volatility of the stock market. In addition, I think it's interesting because when the stock market is volatile everybody wants something that's not correlated to the stock market they want an assets that they can invest in. They don’t have to worry about it going up and down every day and so often times there is a lot of the people that I know that are selling this country club equity that comes in. They lover apartments because they don’t know what they value is from day-to-day, it doesn’t go up and down. If they buy Camden stock, the volatility has been huge obviously. So I think there is a huge disconnect between the public markets and the private market today and we've seen it over the years and what happens is whether it will be interesting and see whether the public market is right or the private market is right. Right now until liquidities rise up or supply and demand fundamentals changed dramatically the bid for multifamily is going to be strong and there is nothing going to change that unless you have a massive shift in those issues.
Richard J. Campo: We are looking at both things. So clearly we want to make sure that we can deliver yields and returns that are reasonable for the risk you take in development and so that’s really important and then when you look at the cycle, so we have been in this recovery cycle for we are going on six years now. The longest recovery that I can remember was in the early 90s through 2001 and that was an eight year cycle and so most other cycles are three to five maybe six at longest cycles. Now some folks believe that this cycle should be longer or could be longer because we had such a big decline in that million jobs, we've added back about 14 million jobs now and it's been sort of a slow swag obviously in terms of the economy trying that recover from that decline. But we start looking forward in the future with all the uncertainty with oil prices, with the Fed with sort of late the long [Indiscernible] the economic cycle. We are just getting more conservative when it comes to development spend to make sure we are not peaking in a development spend right at the same time when there some economic situation happens that none of us can foresee at this point.
Richard J. Campo: So for the fourth quarter new leases were down roughly 2%, renewal was up 3.5% so call it up three tenth on a blended basis. So for the January numbers they are incredibly volatile on a one month basis, because we don’t even have full month in there, but I can tell you at the portfolio level, we are roughly most date we rolled up new leases basically flat, renewals about 6% for a total blended of about 3%.
Richard J. Campo: Our numbers for 2017 deliveries, the average of our data providers is about 12,000 apartments, which will the substantially less on either 2014 and 2015. And a pretty big substantial part of that were originally, if you would ask when that would be deliver, there would have been 2016 deliveries that are rolled in 2017. So from a permitting standpoint they are falling off fairly dramatically, in 2016 we’ve got Houston permitting at roughly 8,000 apartments and a lot of those were things that were already underway in 2015 and have been push out.
Richard J. Campo: Well clearly the development pipeline is not as buoyant from return perspective as it was at the beginning of this cycle, but our pipeline, still looks really good. I mean we have a pipeline that has roughly 7% return and today in this environment we’re still very wide on the sort of acquisition to development spreads. And so while they are harder to do and more complicated view today and maybe we have 200 and 250 spread on development premium and early in the cycle, it was like 300 or 400 basis points spread. But clearly the thing on development for us, it’s more about where we are in the cycle and when is an extra session coming. And if you say well, we are not going to have a recession in 2020 that will be 10 years of recovery, I haven’t been at least in my business career you are going to have 10 years are straight up.
Richard J. Campo: I haven’t saying any indication that foreign capital was point back in a big way that was going to change that. And we did have a win with the FERC legislation sort of doubling the ability that was past year, recently in the tax code. So that all actually help with foreign investment on the one side. So I have not seeing any indication to that and any publication or any discussion with any one at this point and there is still a big bid for all kinds of different asset classes from foreign investors.
Richard J. Campo: Yes, it's fairly de minimus if you look at 2014 and 2015 there wasn’t really hardly any repositions done in Houston and the same for 2016.
Richard J. Campo: Sure. I think there is some outperformance cause in two areas; one is we are just better operators; two, when we talk about geographic diversification, we are also talking about market diversification within product types. So we want to make sure that we aren’t 100% concentrated in urban core downtown or urban properties, because we know what happens in the cycle. The urban properties are very highly sought out by institutional investors, so they get overbuilt first and therefore you have more competitive pressure on the urban core. So we keep our properties - We like urban for sure, we like to develop urban and we like own urban, but we want to have a balance between urban and suburban. We want to have various price points within our portfolio, because that price point is where you can outperform where if a high end project is getting pressure from new development. The more moderate price development is not getting that pressure, so you will have better growth rates in the more moderate versus the high end price. So it's all about balancing your markets within your sub-markets and geographically balancing within the product mix as well.
Richard J. Campo: There is also a massive expansion in the petrochemical complex that’s going on between all the way from Houston down to ship channel to Galveston, and it's extraordinary that what the capacity that’s being built. And if you think from their perspective, the people on the petrochemical industry, low oil prices are a really good thing, it's their feedstock. So it's a mixed picture for sure and there is obviously winners and losers even within the Houston market.
Richard J. Campo: Yes absolutely. So we are assuming that there is really no incremental pressure on wage growth, we've got that about in our budgets. If you look at property taxes, so we're going up in 6% in 2016 and obviously that’s slightly lower than it was 2015, but it is still elevated. We will continue to protest every single tax assessment that we think we can. But we have certain markets that based on what we know today, we assume only high and although we don’t think that Houston is going to be quite as Dallas last year but we are anticipating additional pressure on markets such as Dallas and Raleigh.
Richard J. Campo: They have not changed, I mean we have consistently said that share buybacks were always on the table as long as there was persistent disconnect between NAV and our stock price was persistent. The challenge that we've had has been in the volatility, and also a lot of folks sort of think well we should have buy the stock in December. Well you can't, because we have these blackout periods. So stock buybacks are on the table, I mean if we get an open window and it's look good to us we will buy it back.
Richard J. Campo: Sure so I'll take the first part. And yes that’s correct, so we've got a 100 basis points in our 2016 numbers from the tech rollout on the revenue side. And another 200 basis points on expense side. And then we are excited just to close the loop to 50 bips on NOI.
Richard J. Campo: It's cold in the fourth quarter in Denver. We think that just a seasonal fluctuation. We still have great traffic, very strong, like I said we are coming off a year. Last year where we did 8.2% top line, our revenue budget for Denver for 2016 is right at 7% top line growth, again we think that's very doable.
Richard J. Campo: Well I appreciate you be on the call today and have fun on the rest of the calls for the next week or two. Thank you.
Alexander Jessett: Well I think the numbers are roughly the same in terms of where the overall affect is going to be. We rolled down roughly 300 basis points from 2014 through 2015 and that's about what we've got again this year. So I think it's roughly the same. So from an occupancy standpoint we’re starting at about the same place we did last year, clearly over the course of the year you would expect that there is going to be a little bit more pressure on occupancy rates, just because the overall market is going to be little bit sloppier than it was in 2015. But gain I think we've properly captured the scenario that we think is going to play out in Houston this year, which is 20,000 to 30,000 new jobs and trying to absorb another 20,000 apartments.
Alexander Jessett: None whatsoever in our portfolio on either account, no uptick in bad debts and certainly anecdotal evidence is very minor around job losses in the energy sector, but I mean you are talking in handfuls of people not anything meaningful on our portfolio. So far so good, as Ric mentioned in his comments that if you kind of take the 20,000 energy jobs that we lost it gets offset by employment in other areas and we ended up with the net gain for the year of roughly 23,000 to 25,000 jobs.
Alexander Jessett: So what we do is we first rank our portfolio by property to start with and it's one to 172 and that model is sort of a econometric model that takes into account the markets, takes into the CapEx, the return on invested capital and then that's really a kind of analysis. Then we also analyze everyone of our markets and our sub markets within our markets and we look at that and say what do we think this market is doing, where is it going. And we also look at pricing within the market and on a relative basis where it was in the past, where it is today on a cap rate basis to try to understand if that market is gaining a lot more love from investors, because the cap rates are substantially lower perhaps than they have been in recent history. So with all that said, it gets it sort of rolled up and we look at it and decide we generally speaking would rather sell the bottom piece of our portfolio and then when you start looking at sub markets. If we see sub markets that are moving in a different direction then we might want to exit those sub-markets as well. So over the long-term that's how we evaluate our asset pricing model and our disposition strategy.
Alexander Jessett: Disposition guidance for this year is 1.50 to 3.50 and I would say that's the range of what we consider with non-core
Alexander Jessett: And so if you look at - we’ve got forecast in our data that we keep out through 2017, so we’ve given you the numbers for 2016, but if you roll that forward to 2017 and again this really the average of the data providers. It looks like we’ll get another 8,000 apartments in DC Metro in 2017 and the average of the job forecast for the DC Metro area are about 42,000. So again those metrics would not add to any pressures that - or go along, get along scenario, which is what we’ve projected for 2016. We think we’re going to get some additional traction out into 2017 and certainly those job growth and supply numbers are supportive of that.
Alexander Jessett: And Rich just a follow-up on that I mean we have in fact then significant net sales and I think Ric gave you the numbers from 2010 forward, of our debt to EBITDA going from 7.2 to 5.2 and the primary source of the pay down in debt over that period of time from 7.2 to 5.2 is a net dispositions. So we've been doing that and if you look at our guidance in this year, the mid-point of the dispo range is 250 with no acquisition, so we have been big time net sellers.
Alexander Jessett: No, its revenue flat Alex and NOI will be down probably 2% something like that, but our comments on Houston are flat revenues. So that's the difference as we didn’t give the expense number, but it's NOI down roughly 2%.
Alexander Jessett: Given on our market concentration that non- built with pretty limited public transportation, I would say that we have a substantial - there are some millennials that don’t drive for sure in some of our more urban projects in DC and elsewhere, but I would say by and large that lower oil prices are definitely helping our residents and they have more money in their pocket. and even Houstonians if they are not directly tied to the oil business our 6.5 million people that are living here are experiencing pretty good cash flow increases when they fill their cars up as well. So we operate in markets where people rely on their cars.
Alexander Jessett: When you look at the supplies. Supply is slowing, there is no question about that projects are getting pushed off as Keith mentioned earlier, projects are delayed because of construction workers. So the product is not coming in the market as fast as it would otherwise. When you look forward into 2017, actually the greater Houston partnership has 60,000 jobs projected in 2017 and a follow off in completion in 2017. If Houston gets set up to have a recovery in maybe middle of 2017 and through 2018 perhaps.
Alexander Jessett: And the only thing really getting started here now in Houston, are pension fund build the core type deals, which are sort of 100% location irreplaceable where they already have huge investment in the land and they are willing to go have build, because it’s build to core kind of strategy. And by and large anything that’s a normal merchant builder sort of run at the mill site, it has to be financed is not getting done.
Alexander Jessett: Absolutely, but one of the things Tom we do every quarter is I do a full walk from the current quarter to the next quarter. And so if there is anything that we assume would be unusual movement in G&A or any of our line items I call it out at that point in time. But absolutely, we would update it if they were something unusual that we were aware of.
Alexander Jessett: Of rank order, okay. So rank order proceeds for dispositions would be funding development, because it’s required to the funded, paying down debt and then returning capital to shareholders either through special dividends or share buybacks.
Alexander Jessett: Well if you look at oil price projects, all of them are from $20 barrel to $60 a barrel, so I have absolutely no clue and I don’t think anybody in the world has any clue what oil is going to do. So with that said, the 20,000 jobs plus or minus that are projected has oil fairly stable in the level it is today which is somewhere between high $20 and $40 a barrel, they are not assuming any recovery in oil through the end of the year to get those jobs.
Alexander Jessett: No, I think we have to remember that energy sector is a broad thing right. And so there have been somewhere around 300,000 jobs lost in the energy sector and we lost 31,000 here in Houston. And so the energy sector is worldwide and when you think about the folks that are in Houston they tend to save their highest intellectual capital type of folks. And a lot of the deeper job cuts are going to be closer to wellhead and related to supply chains and things like that that are just not here.
Alexander Jessett: It is both the existing portfolio and the shadow pipeline have similar characteristics in those numbers, okay so they are plus or minus within the same band. And then the question of whether the spread is wide enough to develop, I think you get down to the - if all things were equal and we are early in the cycle of 7% return when an asset market is trading at five or sub five for new development that’s a great spread and you could do that all day along. The issue we have with that today is that we are long in the cycle not short in the cycle and how much development risk do you want to take given the uncertainty about when the next downturn in the market is going to be. And that’s what drives our development decisions when it come to whether we should start or not.
Alexander Jessett: John the only place we have wage pressure in our portfolio over the last five years has been until recently in Houston. So I mean it was a major issue for us from a competitive stand point, but that changed about 18 months ago and since then it's not really a problem anymore. So that’s the one outlier that we did have wage pressure has certainly diminished greatly as a result of the overall employment situation in Houston.
Alexander Jessett: Well no one is immune from new supply, but if you look at what is actually going to be delivered in Denver is about 6400 apartments, we are project 30,000 new jobs. Denver was our top performing, one of our top performing market last year. So you sort get a bleed over from your in place rents as they roll through your 2016 results. We had revenue growth in Denver last year was 8.2% in 2015 and obviously some of that rolls forward into 2016. So if you think where a lot of new supply is being built we don’t have a lot of direct exposure to bulk of the new supply in Denver. So from our perspective Denver is going to be another great market in 2016.
Alexander Jessett: We don’t actually break it out that way. What we do is when we do our assumptions we just sort of use a net number based on the market. So we don’t really have that data.
Alexander Jessett: Quite a bit. These people calls all the time, private equity people saying “hey can we come down there and take advantage of some of the blood in the water in Houston” and I tell them I say don’t waste a trip, there is no bargains here at this point, I don’t see them happening. They sort of look at that 80’s collapse and look at history and say “oh jee with everything is going on in Houston, it's got to be cheap” and when you look at it it's not cheap. When you think about the structure of the capital today, I don't know anybody who has built the property or bought a property that doesn't have anywhere from 25% to 35% equity in the property and those people don't have pressure on them, you have heard, you saw what our numbers looked like we had top line growth of nearly 3%. We did have a negative NOI print because of the operating expense tax side of equation, but you don't have that opportunity. We like Houston long-term, we think it's a great market to be in, 12% of our portfolio feels pretty good, I would rather have less right now, but probably more when it recovers. But I don't think there is a lot of opportunities for us to do much in Houston right now given the market and there is just no opportunity at this point for great deals, if you want to call on those.
Alexander Jessett: We are about three miles away from it right now. sorry, just getting punchy on this, this call getting so long and I know why it is, because we don't have any other people reporting. So whenever we have a shadow pipeline we look at it and we think about the market, we think about capital allocation, we think about what the cost structure would be for us to build that project today and I think people also thinking that Houston costs have obviously come down which they haven't. So we still have a labor shortage in Houston from a construction perspective, cost continue to go up. So we will take a look at that it's likely not to be a 2016 start, I think it's in our shadow pipeline sometime in 2017. But the good news is we will look at it and decide what we are going to do based on the market conditions at the time. So it's not on the horizon at this point, but we always have it on our pipeline.
