Richard J. Campo: Good morning. Our teams turned in an outstanding quarter again. Based on our first half performance and an improved outlook for the second half of the year, regarding our original guidance for the full year, we expect to, as Michael Jackson sings, just beat it. We have raised our 2014 full year same-store net operating income estimates by 50 basis points from 4.25% to a revised midpoint of 4.75%. The change in guidance is driven by stronger revenue growth in most of our markets. Demand for apartments in our markets continue to be greater than the new supply that's been delivered this year. We expect this to continue for the next several years, keeping the supply boogie man in check. New apartment deliveries are likely to peak late this year or early in 2015. Population growth and job growth in our markets continue to outpace the nation. Jobs are estimated to grow by 2.8% this year in Camden's market compared -- markets compared to 1.7% for the U.S. overall and 2% for the coastal markets. It continues to be a very good time to be in the apartment business. Our development properties continue to lease up at or better than expected, creating value for our shareholders. In the current apartment transaction market, our development pipeline should add $4 per share to our net asset value when completed. I want to give a big shout out to our Camden teams for their continued focus on delivering living excellence to our customers. Keith -- we're going to go ahead and turn the call over to Keith now.
Richard J. Campo: Sure. The volume is pretty robust in most markets, and we have seen a few large portfolios lurking around or moderate-sized portfolios. It is a very robust transaction market, both on the sell and the buy side with a lot of properties getting multiple, multiple bids. So it's very robust.
Richard J. Campo: Sure, the developments are -- stabilized yields are trending at 7%, plus or minus. Lower in sort of California, higher in Florida, but on a portfolio average around 7%. And today, properties haven't been -- we've been on the land and we're underwriting today, the yields are definitely coming down because of the spread between construction costs are growing faster than revenue at this point. Now that's a real challenge in the market. I mean, the good news is I think when we talk about starts and slowing down at the end of this year and the beginning of next year, it really is a function of it's much harder to underwrite transactions today than it was given the current sort of peak land prices and construction cost increases.
Richard J. Campo: Well, it's interesting. 1.5 years ago, we were making -- we were developing higher than 7%, 7.5% and some of the early projects we developed, for example, in Houston were double-digit returns and some of the Florida properties were 8.5%, 9s. And early on in the cycle, it was just out-of-control good because people -- construction costs hadn't peaked and you had massive rental growth and people -- construction folks were sort of working for food in those days. So clearly, development trends -- development yields have trended down and they continue to trend down. But we sort of think at a stabilized 7% and maybe the next round is perhaps 6.5%. But you're still creating a tremendous amount of value when you look at the spread of -- today acquisitions, if you can get for the core markets and core urban locations, the spread is still pretty attractive from a development perspective, somewhere in the 150 to 200 basis point positive spread between acquisition and development costs -- or development yields.
Richard J. Campo: Sure. When you look at M&A in any case, I think higher stock prices, if you're going to use your currency to buy -- to fund an acquisition is obviously important when you think about the accretion dilution aspect of trying to have an accretive NAV transaction. So we, obviously, do lots of math on that and we have been opportunistic over the years buying big portfolios. We can do that. I think that when you get down to the size question, so I think we are a very good size. We're sort of a small large-cap and that means that our development activity is very accretive to NAV and you don't have to do billions and billions to move the needle. So on the one hand, we are big enough where we can buy products and supplies and compete effectively with anybody in the space and then -- and our stock is liquid, our bonds are -- spreads are very tight relative to our competitors. In terms of the quality issue, if you think about Camden's portfolio and the capital recycling we have done over the years, we have definitely moved our portfolio more urban. We've moved up our average rent per unit. We have improved the quality of the portfolio through selling older assets and either buying or developing newer assets and that's just a core competency we've been doing forever. I remember looking back at we moved our offices here last year and we had to kind of purge a lot of old papers, and I was looking back at some investor presentations we did in the '90s. We talked about what percentage of our portfolio was built in the '80s and now that was a positive thing, that we had a lot of '80s product. Today, we have very few '80s product. And so the idea of quality is important. So the question of whether we would -- when we look at large transactions, I think it has to be strategic and it has to really improve our -- the quality of our portfolio. And if we -- if the numbers work from a long-term perspective and improves our quality, then I think we'd be positively inclined to do something like that. As far as other markets, for 21 years we have been moving in and out of markets. And we like the markets we're in, we like them because they have the best job growth. And when you look over a long period of time, these markets that have pro business, pro growth, good weather, young population, they have the best job growth in the country. And yes, they do have ability to create supply and that's what actually drives the economy as well. Over the last 10 years, you haven't seen any of those markets get incredibly oversupplied. They get a little oversupplied from time-to-time, which slows the growth, but it's not terrible. And so we like our markets, and so I wouldn't really reach to get out of our markets.
Richard J. Campo: I'm not sure it's clusters of properties, but I think, clearly, the synergies of G&A and things like that are clearly an area that we can improve on. When you look at our sort of G&A as a percentage of revenue or percentage of assets, we aren't as efficient as EQR, obviously, because of size. But when we look at any transaction, we look at the operational synergies as well. And oftentimes, what we find and when we've done large portfolios, we found that by putting sort of the Camden secret sauce on a property, we get better outcomes from net operating income growth. A good example would be when we bought the Verde portfolio. I mean, it was amazing the same-property NOI growth that we got just by putting in Camden systems. And so I do think that there's -- when you have -- when you look at any kind of transaction, a large transaction where you have the ability to improve operational activities, there -- that you have to look at that aspect of the business, for sure. It's going to be not only G&A, but operational and procedural changes that could, in fact, either have the NOI grow quicker and squeezing out those kind of efficiencies are definitely part of any deal.
Richard J. Campo: I love D.C. That's why we have a big concentration there. If you look at the mid-Atlantic in the D.C. region, it's one of the top -- the counties around D.C., I think, 2 or 3 counties around there have the highest net worth, the highest percentage of people with both graduate degrees and undergraduate degrees. I mean, it's -- the Mid-Atlantic is an awesome market long term. Obviously, the government has had some issues and a market has -- every market goes through its up and downs. But long term, I think it's an awesome market. The percentage that we own there probably comes down a little naturally just because we're developing in other cities and we're selling outfits in other cities. The interesting thing about D.C. is that there is really never sort of a great exit point in terms of pricing. So for example, asset prices really haven't changed much there in the sense that since people have been talking poorly about D.C. and it's definitely one of the lowest growth or negative growth markets out there for some companies, the value of the real estate continues to go up, not down and there aren't any bargains to go buy in D.C. or anything like that, which is kind of interesting. But for the -- I think investors generally think D.C. is a great long-term market.
Richard J. Campo: Oh, I think the Super Bowl is an indication of just the robust economy. And if you think about the Final Four is there in '16, the Super Bowl is in '17, the Super Bowl actually does create a lot of momentum and it's sort of this deadline for people, so for -- and especially for governments. When you start thinking about improving roads, improving mobility, improving sort of beautification of the city, getting projects jump-started so that they do get, in fact, finished before the Sup Bowl, there's a lot of inertia around that. And I can tell you that having been the Chairman of the 2017 Host Committee and Keith being the Vice Chairman of the Host Committee, we see that every day when I talk to people, to the mayor and to the county governments, they're all fast-forwarding projects which obviously help the economy to try to get things done by '17. I think the other thing that's sort of driving Houston when people think about Houston besides the Super Bowl is just that it's really coming into its own. I mean, when you look at some of the investor groups that are buying there now, AFIRE, the Association of Foreign Real Estate Investors (sic) [ Association of Foreign Investors in Real Estate ], that control $2.5 trillion of capital that gets invested all over the world has Houston as the #4 city to invest in, in the world in 2014. And it's all related to the sort of the secular change in energy with frac-ing and Houston is the center of the universe for that business. And when you look at the cities above Houston that foreign investors are looking at, it'd be New York, London, San Francisco and Houston and that's the order. Last year, for example, in '13, Houston was #5 on that list. Prior to '13, Houston was maybe in the top 15, but below 10. So I think there's just this big change going on because of the fundamental changes that are going on in Texas with our new energy -- with the new sort of energy dynamic.
Richard J. Campo: Well, the good news is, is that we have full-time staff that does it. So it's like any other civic job that I've done over the years, which is I'm really good at delegating. So the Chairman makes sure that you set the direction, you set of the budgets, you hire the right people and then you get out of the way and let them execute. So the Super Bowl is not going to take any time away from Keith and my running Camden that way we've always run Camden because I've always been involved in -- for the last 15 or 20 years, we've been involved in Super Bowl-like things in Houston and it's done okay.
Richard J. Campo: We appreciate you being on the call today, and I'm sure we'll see a lot of you when the September, after Labor Day, conference season starts. So thank you very much, and we'll talk to you later.
D. Keith Oden: As Ric mentioned, our operating conditions across our portfolio remain quite strong. Our operating teams continue to outperform their markets and our expectations. Our same-store revenue growth for the second quarter was 4.5% and was up 1.6% sequentially. 10 of our markets had 5% or better revenue growth with the top 5 markets, Atlanta at 8.1%; Corpus Christi at 7.5%; Denver, up 7%; Houston, up 5.8%; and Austin, up 5.7%. D.C. continued to be our weakest market, but still managed a 0.9% year-over-year as well sequential revenue growth. Our new leases for the second quarter were up 3.6% and renewals were up 6.2%. For July, new leases were up 3.1% and renewals were up 6.6%. August and September renewal offers went out at roughly 7.5%, and we're renewing leases in the 6.25% range. Our same-store occupancy rate averaged 95.7% for the second quarter, up slightly from 95.6% in the first quarter. Our net turnover rate was 58% in the second quarter, down from 60% for the same period last year, year-to-date. Net turnover rate year-to-date was 53%, the same as last year. Move-outs to purchase new homes remain historically low across our entire portfolio at 14.6% for the quarter, which was slightly up from the first quarter rate of 13.7%, but the same as we had in the second quarter of last year. Over the past few years, we've focused our efforts on improving the quality of our traffic and ensuring that we are buying only the traffic we need to maintain occupancy and drive rents. In addition, our in-house contact center, which we established in 2009, allows us to maximize the conversion rate of the traffic that we do generate. Last year, we began operating our contact center 24/7. Our contact center is staffed by 32 full-time professionals, 85% of whom have a college or advanced degree. Our platform allows our agents to upsell, as well as cross-sell across all Camden communities, which is extremely important because many times we have multiple communities in the same submarket. We can also record and review all calls, whether they're handled by on-site teams or our contact center agents, which is a great tool for ensuring accuracy and improving technique. In the first 7 months of the year, the contact center took 209,000 calls and answered 60,000 e-mails. Through July, the contact center created 82,000 guest cards and converted 52% of those into on-site appointments, all of which were subsequently confirmed by the contact center. They also handled 25,000 emergency maintenance requests. If you ever find yourself longing for a great customer service experience, call any Camden community and inquire about leasing an apartment. If our outstanding on-site team members are busy helping others or if it's after hours, after 2 rings, you'll get our contact center and experience truly outstanding customer service. But be forewarned, there's a 52% chance that you'll end up with an appointment to visit a Camden community. Having Camden team members handle our customers in a professional, consistent manner has been a game-changer in our continuing quest to provide living excellence to our residents. We are continuing our discussions with our joint venture partner regarding a possible restructure of our partnership. Pending the outcome of these discussions, we have delayed marketing the JV assets, which were assumed to be sold in 2014, and as a result, we removed the 2014 joint venture dispositions from our 2014 guidance. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Alex Jessett, Camden's Chief Financial Officer.
D. Keith Oden: Yes, so if -- we'll look at completions in 2015 versus 2014, and I'll just hit some of the larger markets and the highlights that -- so we'll start with Atlanta. In 2014, we project roughly 9,000 completions and that moves to 9,800 in 2015. Dallas moves from 13,000 in -- or excuse me, from 12,800 in '14 to 14,000 in '15. Houston, we show completions in '14 of about 16,000 units and flat again with roughly 16,000 apartments delivered in 2015. D.C. is the other one that I'll give you and then we can give you some of these other ones off-line if you're interested. 2014, we show deliveries of 11,000 apartments and that drops to about 9,400 in 2015. So it's a mixed bag overall, but I think you have to put all of that in the context of the kind of job growth that those markets are seeing. With the exception of Washington, D.C., every one of those other markets has sufficient employment growth, we think, that we'll end up still with net absorption in all those other markets relative to job growth.
D. Keith Oden: Alex, this is Keith. That the -- I think that in -- when we do acquisitions, in particular when we're buying something from the private market as opposed to merger at the public level, the improvements that we get from NOI from implementing the Camden platform, which is from revenue management to our cable program, all throughout the entire suite of things that we do at the property level, that private companies are just not positioned to do. They don't have the scale, they don't have the resources and they don't have the intellectual capacity in their organization to pull the stuff off. So I think that when we buy private assets, the operating synergies are relatively minor compared to the operating performance that we get out from those properties. So when you flip over that thought process and go to what about a public-to-public scenario, yes, there's always going to be G&A synergies in that. But the reality is that the public-to-public operators and there is, what, 11 of us left, if you're going to pencil out the top 15 multifamily operators in the country, every public company would be in the top 15. And so when you move away from that into the private companies, whether it's Verde or whether it's one-off operations that -- on assets that we acquire, the opportunities for just improvement at the site level of how we conduct our business, both customer service and the programs that we add value to and therefore get value from, far outweigh the relatively minor operating synergies that go with the combination. So I think it's -- in a private world, it's actually -- it actually becomes more meaningful for us, I guess, any kind of a public-to-public merger.
D. Keith Oden: We are not. We track move-outs to home purchases, which also includes for-sale condos and you can see the numbers that we've been reporting for the last 3 or 4 years. We're just still, from a historical standpoint, well below what we really should be if we had a robust recovery in the housing market from a homebuyer perspective so -- and actually, the whole condo phenomenon, Alex, outside of South Florida and New York with very limited stuff in California, it's just -- for-sale condos have not come back to be a meaningful part of the overall picture on the supply, and there are a lot of reasons for that, not the least of which the liability that comes with a condominium regime where it's a virtual certainty that at some time in the first 10 years, which is the statute of limitations, you're going to get sued as the condominium as the developer or if you're ever in the chain of title. It's just a fact of life and it is -- I think it has been a huge deterrent at the margins of people wanting to build condominiums. Now nothing's forever and that mindset may change. But I think, by and large, that's kind of what the state of play in the condominium business is today.
D. Keith Oden: Yes, we're actually a little above 96% right now. The last report was 96.2%, which is historically high for us, although that is a last week -- that's a last week of the month trend, which is always -- throughout the course of a month, there's about a 30 to 40 basis point swing between first week and last week. So my guess is by this time when we report next week, we'll be back down below 96% but still trending in the high 95%. So that's clearly about what our original guidance was, and it's clearly above what our expectations were. My guess is that probably -- that occupancy rate probably moderates in Q3 and Q4, but I wouldn't be surprised from here to the end the year at something in the high 95s.
D. Keith Oden: Well, actually, there's probably a lot of them we would like to own outright, but that's -- with regard to the status of our conversations, we're -- the original conversations were around the notion of just lengthening the partnership because we both recognize that these assets have -- that we've created a ton of value for the teachers of Texas. But more importantly, from a cash-on-cash return standpoint to the equity, we're at about an 11% cash-on-cash return and so that's a great state of affairs for us as well as Texas Teachers. And where we go from here is certainly the -- that's what we're discussing and we -- and when we get something more concrete, we'll be able to share that with you.
D. Keith Oden: Yes, so they have a -- they do have an interest in increasing their allocation to real estate. You -- they get to play in all real estate sectors. They have a pretty decent bet in the multifamily sector at this point. They have indicated an interest in the conversations that we've had with them about increasing their exposure to multifamily and specifically with Camden. So they're a $110 billion, $115 billion pension fund and they have -- over the years, they've been increasing their allocation to real estate. So I think that, without putting a number on it, they do have an appetite for growth, both in real estate generally, in multifamily in particular. And like I say, as far as range of possibilities of outcomes, we're not far enough along in the process to even put a fence around those, but I would expect that we will get there in the next quarter.
D. Keith Oden: David, it's still in the range of 50 basis points. I mean, the upward guidance -- we independently look at what we're doing. The budgets that we have, the projected returns that we're getting on our pool of redevelopment assets and those are really unchanged on the year. We're still in the 11% range as far as return on incremental costs.
D. Keith Oden: Well, when we started out the year, I had Las Vegas as a C+ and improving. I think as I look back on it, maybe the C+ might have been a little bit light. It's clear that things are getting better in Las Vegas. All of the relevant metrics that drive the business out there, including getting back to job growth but also on the gaming side of things, have improved pretty materially. And you sort of -- things kind of run their course. All the folks that were going to leave have left. There's no new construction going on. Any incremental job growth kind of flows through to the bottom line and it's finally showing up in our results. So yes, it was good to see Las Vegas outperform the midpoint of the portfolio. And I think it's -- there's a pretty decent shot that that's going to continue into Q3 and Q4. So I think we sort of indicated that we believe that the bottom was some time in the third quarter or second, third quarter last year. I think looking back in the rearview mirror, that still feels about right.
D. Keith Oden: Yes, so as you look at our portfolio and our development pipeline and without looking at assets and you can't look at accounts, you have to look at dollars invested, well, it's obviously within our $1 billion development pipeline, easily 3/4 of that would qualify as being "urban projects" and a lot of it has to do with just the scale of those communities. Our 2 assets in California that we have under construction, between the 2 of those, it's $200-plus million in both clearly urban mid-rise and high-rise products. So on a dollar -- from a dollar cost standpoint, it's in the 70% to 75% range of our current activity. That happens to be, right now, we believe, that there is a long-term trend towards more urbanization and people moving back into the urban core. In Houston right now, we have 2 relatively large communities in our development pipeline, both urban. But again, there's -- that's where people want to be and they're willing to pay the rent premium that goes -- that's associated with that. So I think that trend will continue across -- because of the nature of the markets that we operate in. But you're also still going to have the sweet spot for us, our transactions in Orlando and Tampa that are just traditional suburban closer in, but suburban, 3-story walk-up, surface-park communities. So the range of our product will be from the 3-story walk-up surface park. We'll continue to do the 4-story type wrap product that we've done very successfully. But in these larger cities in the urban core, you're really driven to, because of the premium on land cost, to go more vertical and that's -- we're going to continue to do that. And as you do that, the dollar costs associated with those investments goes up pretty significantly. So I mean, over time, yes, given the $1 billion that we have in play, once that's stabilized, that's going to be a meaningful impact on the overall mix of our assets. But it doesn't mean that we're less enamored with the returns that we're getting on our suburban products, which, by the way, are, in most cases, significantly higher as a going-in yield than what we're getting on our urban product.
D. Keith Oden: So on the year-to-date numbers, when we kind of look at urban-suburban, the suburban portfolio actually has an outperformance of 2 -- 20 basis points to the urban. So I mean, it's surrounding areas. They're both performing extremely well. One of the reasons for that is that as the new supply comes on, it will -- going -- as we go forward, it will more and more be concentrated in the urban core and there's just been less competition in the suburban market. So we -- in some cases, we've been the only game in town in suburban Florida, suburban Tampa. The 3 jobs that we have in Phoenix right now, one of those would qualify as urban, the other 2 would clearly be suburban. But there's virtually no competition for those jobs. And on a yield basis, because the costs are much less than the urban product, on a pro forma basis, we've got higher yields going in on those jobs.
D. Keith Oden: We do have another group of assets that we've identified as kind of in the -- would be the Phase 4 of that program. But on a -- as a matter of scale, the first 3 phases were added up to about $220 million. The third -- the fourth group is probably closer to $30 million to $40 million. So in terms of scale, most of what we believe is appropriate for redevelopment will have been done -- 90% of it will have been done when we finish the first 3-year plan.
D. Keith Oden: Yes, so I think that the -- in terms of what's been delivered to date versus what's pending, I don't have the details of that. We can get you that. But I will tell you that the anecdotal evidence would suggest that if someone, at the beginning of the year, said that they were going to have a delivery in Austin or Houston or even South Florida, if they believe that they were going to have a delivery in the November-December time frame, it's probably not going to happen till 2015. The reality is that because of the shortage of workers and skilled laborers in these markets, it's -- you've got fewer people than you would like to have on your jobs, it's a catfight to get subcontractors to fully staff at your jobs. And the result of that is it's just taking longer. We've had good experience on -- where we've been able to move up the stabilization dates, it's because our lease-ups are going faster, not because the construction is going faster. It is a -- it's a -- it's hand-to-hand combat. And if it's hand-to-hand combat for a company like Camden that's been doing this for 30 years and has an incredibly stellar reputation with all of our subcontractors, I can only imagine what it's like if somebody kind of doing a one-off or 2-off deal that doesn't have the kind of capacity and the track record that we have.
