Rick Campo: Thanks, Kim and good morning. Borrowing from the names sake of our pre-conference music, our steely-eyed Operations and Support teams continue to hit our operating results out of the park. We continue to take advantage of a very good apartment market with operating fundamentals improving. We think the fundamentals will be strong for the foreseeable future. There isn’t much discussion and concern that the uptick in the single family markets will have a negative effect on our business. We think that an improving single-family market is a good thing for the apartment markets and the economy as a whole. Single-family and multifamily markets have done well at the same time during many economic cycles. The economic expansion beginning the 1994 through 2002 is a good case study on the solid coexistence of the single-family-multifamily markets. During 1994 and 2002, eight-year period, the homeownership rate actually increased from 64% to 68% creating 4-plus million new homeowners. During that same timeframe multifamily construction averaged 250,000 apartments per year. Multifamily demographics were actually pretty poor during that time with the 18 to 30-year old cohort declining. During the same period, Camden had 45% NOI growth and our stock price more than doubled. The game changer was 23-million jobs. Single-family market improvements will help expand job growth and will lead to a stronger business environment for all of us. It’s all about job growth and it always has been. I’ll turn the call over to Keith Oden now.
Rick Campo: I think it’s – the answer to that question is both of what you just said. We aren’t seeing much MEZZ business out there now. And what you’re seeing in the sort of merchant-builder space is that the construction financing is plentiful and cheap but what’s really holding back starts today or at least starts in the next round of development is the equity side of the equation. And so, equity investors have sort of made their bets if you will and they are waiting to see what’s – what happens with those existing starts. There is clearly a lot of concern about starts and how fast starts are ramped up. And so I think the – so it’s not really a gap between what an equity investor puts in versus a construction lender. It’s really the equity investors pulling back. We’ve seen projects that were supposed to be getting done by merchant builders, land deals for example that have come back to us and we’re starting to see that sort of across the country. And it really is more the equity investors sort of taking the breath and worrying about what happens in the future.
Rick Campo: Yeah. There is no question that on the last report, on the – on housing prices, it was up pretty much across the board in our markets although most of them were pretty modest increases. Some of the larger increases were in the Texas markets. And that’s not to be unexpected given the collapse and housing prices that almost all of our markets experienced. So, we do expect to see housing prices going up. When it gets to the question of affordability, just because the housing prices are started to pick up, mortgage rates are still very low. The impediment to most of our residents being able to and – willing and able to purchase the home is first of all a change in the philosophy of do you want to own a home other than your life circumstances require that you or dictate that you move out of an apartment into the single-family home, which for the last 30 years that we’ve been in this business, that was what drove – primarily drove the housing versus rent decision. We sort of got away from that in 2003, 2004, 2005, and 2006, and that impetus was replaced to a large extent with more of an investment philosophy. And that was predicated mostly on a lot of experience that folks had about buying a house, so their neighbor bought a house, moved out of an apartment, bought a house, sold it, six months later, flipped it and made a profit. And so there was a very different mentality of the home buying cohort in that period than there historically has been. And I think that’s flipped around and it’ll eventually go back the other direction, but I think you’re looking at years, not quarters for that to happen. So, that’s one continuing impediment that we see at home ownership, the second is just the overall difficulty of getting a mortgage, you actually have to have a down payment, you have to have – show the proof that you have the ability to make a sustained mortgage payment, those clearly were things we were missing in the last go-round. But when you put all that together, the statistic I think is most telling in our portfolio with regard to not only propensity but capacity to purchase homes, it’s the percentage of residents that are moving out buy homes and – but for 30 years of keeping that stacked in our portfolio, it ran around 18%, we hit a high watermark in 2005 of about 24%, and we hit a low watermark of just slightly below 10% about two years ago. We’ve worked our way from that high-9% move outs to purchase homes to the point where we’re about to something below – still below 12%. So and – we did, we have seen a pickup, but the last – we actually saw it tick down in this quarter over the last quarter. So, I don’t – I’m not even prepared to say, yeah that the trend is in place, that we’re on the way back to 18%. Obviously, at some point we expect, we will hit there, but I think you’re talking years and not quarters.
Rick Campo: Sure. One of the reasons we’ve increased the volume to 450 million in total at this point is because pricing has gotten a lot more aggressive on those kind of assets. What’s happened is, the assets we’re selling have an average year age of 26 years, they have high CapEx, they tend to be in probably our weakest submarkets within the markets that we’re reselling in, and what we’ve seen over the last year is cap rate compression in that product type of at least 100 to 125 basis points. And so what’s happened is core properties have compressed and continue to compress and the markets like Houston and Dallas, core properties that are in sort of best locations are in the 4.5% cap rate range, on the coast obviously, there in the 3.5% range. So, you have a situation where the older assets have compressed down to six and of high fives, and so when we look at dispositions and say (inaudible) we can sell 26-year-old asset for call it a sub-six cap rate. We can then redeploy that capital into development where we’re developing to 7 to 7.5 with un-trended yields of sort of six and some change 6.5. I mean that makes a whole lot of sense from capital allocation perspective to us so. So we are definitely more aggressive on selling assets. We’ll probably add to that pipeline next year and then redeploy both through acquisitions and through new development.
Rick Campo: We’ll start a project in Glendale California. That should start by the end of the year and we’re also planning out starting our Camden Boca project in Boca Raton. And the total of those are about $300 million...
Rick Campo: Well, I don’t know that our appetite is increasing. I think that the – on a risk adjusted basis by market, the yields that we’re purchased the Ontario project out relative to yields that we are currently active in end markets like Charlotte, Houston, and Denver, the differential in the yield is probably the narrowest that we’ve seen in the last 10 years. So, on a relative attractiveness – basis of attractiveness, the California stuff is just – it’s certainly more attractive now than it was three or four years ago. So, we’ve been active in Southern California the entire time, that as you know takes long time to bring some of these projects to provision. So, I think you can – with those two, certainly on an invested dollar basis, California is going to be a bigger piece of our book of business in 2013 than it hasn’t been in some time. But, it’s not because we haven’t been interested in expanding in California, but more targets of opportunity have just been fewer and farther between.
Rick Campo: Well, I think there is two things. One is the legacy land cost is probably lower than land cost today, because the land cost definitely has increased. We’re at above sort of peak 07 land prices across all of our markets with exception maybe Las Vegas. But so that’s said land prices are higher and we definitely have lower land prices. I think the other piece of the equation is construction costs are going up and in some markets we’re seeing anywhere from 8% to 10% increases in construction, if we were actually buying the product today and most people are putting in 5% to 8% inflation beyond that. So, I think there is the buyout in the projects that we have completed now or that have been bought out already is significant. So, there’s a lot of value, value just from the cost being much higher than they would be in the future and then the run rates were just obviously substantially higher.
Rick Campo: Great, well thanks for being on our call. This probably was our record in terms of time on the call because I think with the last, one of the last ones reporting and I know that people in the Northeast also still having trouble, we hope that the gas lines get shorter and recovery comes quicker to the Northeast. We know how that is, having been through it in Florida and Texas. So, with that said, I will see you at (inaudible) REIT and talk to you at the first of year. Thanks.
Dennis Steen: Let me take insurance first. Over the last couple of years, we had a pretty decent increase in insurance and the favorable variances that we’re seeing – from a premium perspective, we saw some decent increase, as the favorable variances we’re seeing this year is really due to less losses within our property portfolio and that’s why you’ve seen a negative insurance expense for the quarter. So we’ll wait to see what happens post the Hurricane Sandy and what that does to insurance right next year, but I think time will just tell on that, but so far we’re being favorably impacted because of lower losses. On the real estate tax side, our numbers are little out of the ordinary for the first nine months of this year, we’re up 2.3% in real estate taxes. We expect the full year to be up in 3% to 4% range as there were significant downward accrual adjustments in the fourth quarter of 2011. And additionally as we mentioned in the last call, 2012 has benefited from an unusually high amount of settlements of prior year protests and a number of our communities, and if you excluded those from our numbers, we would actually be reporting a real estate tax expense up for 2012 in the 6% to 7% range. Some of the markets that with biggest piece of that were the once you might expect the Texas markets that had a major increase in rental, Austin was up 19, Houston 12, Dallas 11 and then followed by kind of our Florida markets with Orlando up 11 and Tampa up 8. So, we have had some pressure, but it averaged out to our portfolio excluding those settlements to be 6% to 7%. I think we are all sitting here today and expecting that there will still be some pressure as we go into 2013, something in that 4% to 7% range is probably somewhere close to what we might anticipate for 2013.
Dennis Steen: Well, we’ve set along during the slough cycle that we’re going to pre-fund our development pipeline and make sure that we kept our debt to EBITDA in the 5.5 to 4.5 times zone. And we’re in that zone now, and obviously the outperformance in the net operating income side of the equation drives your EBITDA up, so that continues to help with keeping us in that zone. After the last call, we really haven’t been as active as on the ATM program, and so we haven’t done a bond deal in a while. So, I think you’ve to look at first of all getting into that zone where we are now with respect to debt to EBITDA targets and then you look at the various sources that we could access., and we evaluate each source independently and then relate them to each other and understand what the highest cost of capital is, generally as your common stock, we have increased our disposition pipeline pretty dramatically from a previous year. So, we will use a combination of ATM debt markets and dispositions to fund the development pipeline going forward. We – given if you just take a sort of the transaction we did at the beginning of the year plus the ATM program year-to-date, I would definitely expect it – our acquisitions to be a lot less than that going forward.
Dennis Steen: Sure. The assets that are under construction today are in lease up today have all come in below original construction cost, leased up faster and at higher rates. The yields are 7.5% to 8% on that book of business. The balance of the portfolio, the $300 plus million we’re starting this year and properties that we have slated for next year are in the 7% to 7.5% range. You’re still – your starting to see construction cost go up and it depends on the market. There is some labor shortages of skilled trades and what have you, contractors are now not willing to work for food, they actually want an operating margin. And so they’re – there is definitely some pressure on cost. So I think the days of cost coming in below budget are probably over, but costs still have not gone up to the point where they’re at or even close to peak levels at this point. So, we still expect to have very robust yields on the pipeline that we’re starting now and that we’ll start next year.
Dennis Steen: Also, Anthony just where we’re delivering this group of the assets, Orlando, two assets in Orlando and two in Tampa just put that in perspective. In Orlando, this year the Whitten forecast for multifamily completions for 2012 is a total of 1,000 apartments. Of that about 700 were Camden’s. In Tampa, the total forecast for completions in the entire market is 1,600 departments and of that about number about 600 were Camden. So, there are literally is no new product to speak up in this markets. So, you’re sort of the own, because of our footprint and because we had the capital to go into these markets at a time when it was really counter cyclical to most investors, we just – we think that we’ve delivered over the time, that’s very conducive to being able to raise rents.
