Ric Campo: The theme for our on-hold music today was friends and teammates helping each other. The verse from the theme song of the popular TV show "Friends" sums it up nicely. I'll be there for you when the rain starts to pour. I'll be there for you like I've been there before. I'll be there for you because you've been there for me, too. One of Camden's 9 core values is team players. We recognize our employees who live Camden's values through our annual ACE Awards program. Each year, Camden employees nominate their peers and co-workers for an ACE award. And from our 1,700 employees are selected to be national ACE winners. Those 14 individuals are recognized and celebrated at our national leadership meeting. Being selected as a national ACE Award winner is the highest honor that Camden associates can achieve and represents the best of the best from Team Camden. I want to introduce you to one of our national ACE Award winners for 2023, Santos Castelo. [Video being played] It's folks like Santos who make it certain that no matter what's going on in the world, Camden will always honor our 9 values to ensure that we improve the lives of our teammates, our residents and our stakeholders, one experience at a time. Our finance, accounting, legal and real estate investment teams have had a busy year-end and beginning of 2024, closing over $1.2 billion in refinancing the sales transactions. We began 2024 with a strong balance sheet and are prepared for the growth opportunities as they may develop this year. Our operations and support teams finished the year strong and are positioned to outperform our local submarket competitors again in 2024. 2024 should be a transition year from peak new apartment deliveries to a more constructive market after supply is absorbed. 2025 starts are projected to plummet to a low in the $200,000 range due to difficult market conditions. 2024 apartment absorption is projected to be a little over 400,000 units nationwide with over 200,000 units absorbed in Camden's markets. 2024 apartment demand will be driven more by demographics and migration dynamics than traditional job growth. Apartments will take market share from the single-family market. Beginning in 2011 and through 2019, apartments had an average market share of 20% of house hold formations. Apartments are projected to double that market share to 40% between 2024 and 2026. This is because, first, home affordability is at 20-year low with rising home prices and current interest rates and no signs of the pressure easing anytime soon, even with rates continuing to fall, in migration to Camden markets continues to grow. More young adults are in the workforce with solid job growth and wage growth; 30% of the households choose to live alone which is at an all-time high. Camden's markets continue to lead the nation in job growth. We look forward to what looks to be a very interesting year. I know that our Camden team is equipped and ready to excel in 2024 by being great friends and great teammates. Thank you, Team Camden for all that you do for Camden and our residents. Keith Oden is up next.
Ric Campo: Sure. So -- the job number today and the revision for December was definitely, I think, the market pre-treating it a blowout, right? And it certainly is; and our overall economic backdrop for what we think demand is going to be in our markets is definitely not based on blowout numbers. Clearly, job we thought and I think most of the market believe that job growth has slowed dramatically in 2024. So obviously, more job growth helps us. When you look at where the job growth is, it's in our markets. If you look at Texas and Florida have led the nation in job growth post COVID and we'll continue to do that. So it obviously is very good for us and it's not -- that kind of drop growth is definitely not baked into our numbers. When you think about what's really driving demand in 2024 and 2025, we don't think it was an increased job growth driving that demand. What's been happening is multifamily has been taking market share from single family as I said in my in the beginning of the call, we've gone from a historic average of 20% multifamily demand in total household formations to 40% and that's driven by everything we know, right, that single-family market is really hard for somebody to buy a house today. I mean we had, I think, a total of 10.7 of people moved out to buy houses at Camden in 2023. And so when you think about those dynamics and there's other broader dynamics, too which is 30% of Americans today are living alone and that benefits apartments. And that number is way up from the past time frame. So the blowout job numbers obviously help our numbers. And if we continue at this at this level, it will be pretty interesting. As far as in-migration, Alex, you can talk about in migration. When you look at the demand side, for example, we expect over 200,000 units of demand in 2024 and that's on a 220-unit supply, right, plus or minus, or completions. And so it's pretty balanced when you get down to it. But ultimately, when you look out, for example, their projection is showing 380,000 total demand for the U.S. from 400,000 in '24, 380 in '25. So demand is being driven by different drivers today, not just the old adage of 1 apartment for every 5 jobs. It just doesn't work anymore because of the in-migration. The other thing also is not just in-migration from other cities. It's actually a total immigration because immigration was way down during COVID and now it's back to more normal and those immigrants tend to tend to -- and this is legal immigration, I'm not a pining on board or anything like that but it's -- so that's helped us too. Alex, you might hit the end migration a bit.
Ric Campo: It's very typical of what we've seen. The toughest markets like would be Austin, Texas and Nashville. And there -- the concessions are significant, anywhere from 2 to 3 months free. Generally, merchant builders don't go beyond 3 months free but you're seeing that in the most supply constraint or supply markets. When you get to more markets that aren't as pressured, then compared to those 2, you're anywhere from 1 month to 6 weeks to 2 months max. And that's kind of what we're seeing in some of the other markets.
Ric Campo: Based on some of the providers we use, they show an uptick in '25 and our market is not a downtick. And if you think about the supply discussion that I had a minute ago, the supply project or the supply we know about the demand is the real issue, right? So when you look at the demand projections for this year, it's -- they're nationwide, over 400,000 units. And then the projection for the following year, even with a slow -- very low job growth mark, is something like 380,000 units of demand. So the demand drivers, interestingly enough, are just not usual demand drivers in multifamily. It's always been about job growth, right? And today, it's about taking market share from single families, single-family market because it's so upside down on a cost to rent perspective and lack of inventory in the resale market. And what's happened -- what's really interesting is that is that if you want to buy a new house in America today, you pretty much have to buy or if you want to buy a house, you pretty much have to buy a new house. And when you look at the usually, when interest rates go up this high, the single-family homebuilders all crash and lay people off of. They had about a 5- or 6-month hiatus and then went back to hard core building houses because there was no inventory to be for single-family buyers to buy and that's continuing. So I think that these demand drivers that are actually -- that are driving this really positive outlook for demand in 2024 are going to be in place in 2025 as well. And especially if you have a backdrop of job growth that looks like it's -- it's -- I'm not sure you can say January is going to be a print every month in this year. But clearly, the job market is a lot stronger than people thought it might be and that could help with the absorption and in 2025 as well. So I haven't seen very many projections that show 2025 where rents are going down. They bought them. Most of the numbers that we see from folks are bottoming in 2024 and then they start an uptick in 2025 because you've absorbed a lot -- so many units in 2024.
Ric Campo: The developments that we have in that model or in the model are in Charlotte and their suburban 3-story walk-up type product. And we would start those depending on how the year unfolds in the back half of the year, so that we could deliver into '26 and '27. And the yields are anywhere from in the mid-5s to low 6s in terms of stabilized yields. And when you look at IRRs, it's really kind of complicated to figure an IRR today given what are you going to expect cap rates to be. But ultimately, we think there's going to be a pretty constructive market in '26 and '27 when these properties deliver. We have another -- a number of them in the pipeline as well in other markets. But these 2 because they're pretty simple and they come in at a price point that's very affordable relative to urban high-rise in the same market is pretty attractive.
Ric Campo: It sounds like you answered the question. Yes, that's what's going on. I mean we're -- without amazing job growth, we're still able to produce a lot of demand and it's all a function of different demand drivers and jobs, right? And today, if you look at the share that we're -- that apartments are taking from the household formations and you look at it historically, it's double what it has been for a long time. And so that's -- it's almost the same as what's happening in the single-family for sale market is their market share has doubled at least and maybe even tripled from the norm because of the lack of inventory of single-family homes to buy because of the lock-in effect. So you have an interesting situation here where we are continuing to benefit from the high cost of homeownership and continuing to benefit from in migration, both international immigration and migration from other cities. So yes, there's a lot of units under construction. We know that. But the demand, it seems to be if these demand numbers are close to being right, is going to create if you will, a soft landing for the supply. And that's kind of the -- that's the model that we put forth there.
Ric Campo: No. Well, 670 is not what the absorption is going to be, Keith, you have those absorption numbers we discussed today.
Ric Campo: Yes. And that 600 coming in the pipeline doesn't all get delivered in 2024. A part of that is into 2025 as well.
Ric Campo: Analog [ph] just completed this week and we had, of course, our huge team out there and this is kind of the start of the sort of acquisition disposition dance. And people were -- compared to last year -- last year, I would categorize as during the headlights. And this year is a little less during the headlights and more cautious optimism because rates have come down some. And that's keeping some of the pressure off of people having to sell. But there's still just a massive bid as spread between people who want to buy versus people who want to sell. And so the question will be how do the operating fundamentals look going forward? And what -- how do people feel about the world and what happens to rates. And I think people are more optimistic now that they can enter the acquisition market because -- last year was, I don't want to make a mistake what if the Fed does all these things now we're on a trajectory, it looks like to lower rates someday. And therefore, it's easier to sort of create a model that works financially today with a falling rate scenario in the next 2 or 3 years. But we're not there yet for sure in terms of that inflection point.
Ric Campo: Actually, the numbers are the same. The current development pipeline, we have some in the sort of the low to mid-6s and some in the sort of low 5s. The new developments in Charlotte, we're still working on what the model looks like but we wouldn't start them if they were in that zone.
Ric Campo: Not yet. We haven't seen a big -- any big drops in cost. What's happened is the costs haven't been going up as much. I mean if you go back a couple of years, we were having like 1% to 1.5% inflation every single month. And so today, that's a little -- you don't have that part of the equation but there hasn't been a material shift in pricing. And that's 1 of the challenges you have every merchant builder and Camden has is that if costs aren't coming down but rents are flat and it's a very competitive market, you just -- it's really hard to justify new construction. That's why the starts are projected to fall to low 200,000s in 2025. It's just that a math doesn't really work well when rents are flat and construction costs haven't fallen.
Ric Campo: We haven't seen anybody going bust yet. And I think that banks are definitely, we hear a lot of anecdotal information about banks working very well with their borrowers today. The banks are much more -- they're well capitalized and the -- it's pretty common knowledge that in the next couple of years, the economic drop -- backdrop of operating fundamentals and lower interest rates are all going to help -- it's going to help get some of these deals through that system. So in terms of that perspective, I don't think that you're going to have any -- there's not going to be any major bankruptcies for major defaults with merchant builders they might be stressed to sell but that doesn't mean there -- I think there's still equity in their deals, most of them anyway. In terms of delays, it's still hard to get a project to be delivered when you expect it to because so many people left the labor for us. We don't have excess labor supply. And so there's still a fair amount of risk in deliveries and when the delivery is going to come. And so that could actually be beneficial to the backdrop of our supply and demand equation. If starts do plummet or I think they will but let's start when you actually start seeing more and more of that, if we delay some of the '24 supply into '25 and some of the '25 into '26, that could be a lot smoother softer landing for those markets given the demand side.
Ric Campo: Great. Well, thank you for being on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to go through what 2024 looks like to be an interesting year. So we'll see you in the conference circle in circuit here in the next month or two. So, take care and thank you.
Alex Jessett: Yes, absolutely. So we continue to have really strong in migration to our apartment. So if you look at those who have moved from non-Sunbelt to Sunbelt for us, in the fourth quarter, it was about 17.5% of our total move-ins. By the way, that's fairly consistent with what we've seen over the past couple of years. So that remains really strong. And 1 of the other things that we track is that we track Google searches from people in New York or people in California looking for apartments to rent in our markets. And just to give you a really -- this is interesting to me, New York searches for Texas apartments were up 72% in the fourth quarter of '23 as compared to the fourth quarter of '22. California searches for Texas apartments were up 52% in the fourth quarter of '23 to the -- as compared to the fourth quarter of '22. So still very strong demand for folks coming out of New York, out of California to our markets.
Alex Jessett: Yes. So we're assuming that occupancy is going to be flat in 2024 as compared to 2023 and that number is 95.3%. And we are driving towards that number. When we look at new lease and renewals and the trade out for the full year. What we're anticipating is new leases to be down 0.6%, renewals up 3.6% for a blended increase of 1.2%. And that is going to sort of follow what you would think be typical seasonal patterns.
Alex Jessett: Yes. We would typically -- I mean, obviously, every year is different and every year has its own unique parameters around supply and demand in our business, the typical year is 3%. And you can see that we're at 1.4% and that's obviously driven by the supply factors are there. As we've talked about on the prepared remarks, we think demand is still incredibly strong but we are cognitive of the supply issues and that's why you're coming up with a 1.4% for the full year.
Alex Jessett: So first of all, we're actually not at a gain to lease. We have -- we're basically a flat -- no loss lease or gain to lease. When you think about renewals, we're anticipating the fourth -- excuse me, the first quarter that we're going to get at right around 3.9%. So fairly close to what we're sending out and then the other question which I think is sort of really around the differential between new leases and renewals. When we look at our math, the differential for the full year actual percentage-wise between somebody with a signed a new lease for a renewal is really only about 1.5% differential. So it's not that significant and not something that we think is problematic.
Alex Jessett: Yes, absolutely. So the property tax number that we have in our guidance is 3%. And if you think about it, it's really the same number that we experienced in 2023. And so it seems that we are reverting back to the long-term mean which is in that sort of 3% to 3.5% range. Really, the big driver that you have is Texas. And as we discussed in prior earnings calls, Texas is very favorable when it comes to property taxes, especially with a new bill that was passed last year. And so we're receiving the benefit of that for a second year in a row. And we actually think that our total property taxes in Texas are going to be up about 2.2% which is really a pretty low number and that makes up about 40% of all of our property taxes. So that's the primary driver there.
Alex Jessett: So the first thing I would tell you is if you look at our signed new leases in January -- excuse me, our signed blended leases in January are better than are effective which is a leading indicator of improvements. What we are anticipating that we're going to have blended trade outs in the first quarter of about 0.2%. So a slight uptick from where we are today but we are anticipating that occupancy is going to remain flat in the first quarter at 95%. And then the improvement comes throughout the year. As number one, we have better comps which are very helpful for us. And then we also sort of hit our seasonal strong periods as we move from the second quarter into the third quarter.
Alex Jessett: Yes, we've got a 4Q blended trade out of 1.6% and occupancy of about 95.2. So I think that sort of follows the normal seasonal patterns that you would see.
Alex Jessett: So I'll take the cap rate question first and then I think maybe Keith can opine on the disposition choice. But for Camden Vantage, we are showing this at using actual CapEx and a management fee at a 5.75% cap rate. Tax adjusted 5.65% cap rate and an AFFO yield before management fees of 6.09%. So definitely a lower yield than you're calculating.
Alex Jessett: Yes. The CapEx on that one, I think it's probably around $1,800 a door but I'll have to get back to you the exact.
Alex Jessett: So I think we're sort of in unprecedented times right now where we're trying to figure out what is the new normal. And so at this point, what we're assuming is that the first and second quarter look a lot like the fourth quarter. And then we have some slight improvements as we go into the latter part of the year. Clearly, if we return to 50 basis points which is what our historic norm had been before all of this, then we got some potential upside sort of running through the math. But at this point, we're just being patient and seeing how it plays out.
Alex Jessett: Yes, absolutely. So we've got a couple of things that are running through the nonrecurring side. And they're mainly focused around a couple of communities we have that have some large exterior projects and foundational projects that we need to do. So that's what you've got going through the math.
Alex Jessett: No, I don't think so. We go through and we look at all of our communities, really do a deep dive every year, as you would expect. And so these were a couple of communities that have been identified -- as I said, they did have the foundational and exterior challenges that we knew we needed to fix. And so our intention is to get it done in 2024 and I wouldn't expect to see a number like this in '25.
Keith Oden: So Brad, just put it in context on the issue of demand and the job number that came out today, we used 2 primary data providers. They had very different views about employment growth for 2024 and we basically ended up taking the midpoint the 2 of them because they both had their own story that they could tell around it. But the midpoint of our 2 data providers forecast for total employment growth across Camden's markets for 2024 was about $300,000. And we just got that in the month of January. So it's -- I think we've tried to build in some realism around the numbers and the forecast. But clearly, our forecast did not anticipate anything like having the entire job growth projected for the year in the first month so.
Keith Oden: In Camden's markets, yes, the completions that we have that we're modeling are 230,000 apartments across Camden's platform in 2024. And that number drops to about 200 in 2025. So just to make sure we're talking apples and apples versus national numbers. It's 230 in Camden's markets.
Keith Oden: So the primary thing that would have to happen on acquisitions is we have to see better going in yields, even though there's been a lot of transaction volumes are way down. There's still a huge bid-ask spread between buyers and sellers. They're just -- we just don't see -- we don't see value right now in the acquisition market versus other uses of capital. Now that's not to say that at some point, that doesn't change. I mean, obviously, there is with all of this new supply that's been built and primarily by the merchant build community. At some point, they need to move past the current crop of their development pipeline and kind of recharge their organizations. They are in the business of building apartments. And so they're all -- I think they all have way too much -- way more than they would normally care to have in terms of their development pipeline and holdings. So at some point, there's going to be a rationalization not just in the rental supply market between supply demand. But in the transaction market between a product that needs to find a permanent home, not in the merchant build community and people that are willing to provide that and have the capital to do it. So we are in the latter group, we just don't think we're there yet. And we just think being patient right now is the right strategy for the acquisition market.
Keith Oden: Yes. And on the dispose side, I mean we keep a list of and have ongoing conversations with our operating groups about if there were to be a sale out of one of your markets or submarkets which assets would be in that conversation. And Vantage almost always came up as 1 that would be on the list of management's list of assets that they would rather someone else take care of. So I'll just leave it at that.
Keith Oden: Yes. So our guidance assumes that we basically match dispositions and acquisitions. So we would look to be kind of net 0 on the year. And the answer on the acquisitions really dispositions kind of gets back to when we find value and we believe that there's a real opportunity on acquisitions, then we would those clearly would be assets that we wanted to -- newer assets that we want to add to the portfolio and we're always willing to improve the portfolio by selling a corresponding number of dollar amount of assets that to fund that. So our working assumption and what's reflected in the guidance is, is that we're willing to be pretty aggressive when we see value in acquisitions but not before then.
Keith Oden: Yes. We've -- it's something that we look at constantly in terms of the opportunity set for allocation of capital. And in the past, we haven't been bashful about buying back stock when it made sense to do so. It's always a little bit of a challenge because of the rules and the trappings around buying stock in size and doing it in the windows that are available. But yes, it's something we've talked about. We've discussed and that we would pursue when the -- when we think the opportunity makes sense.
