D. Keith Oden: So Michael, this is Keith. On the -- on our Houston numbers, our actual budget for the year on revenue increase is 3.4%. I think -- or 3 5%. I think I gave the long-term historical average at 3.4%. So we're actually at about 3.5% for the year. Our calculation on the earn-in is a little lower than what you have. We think it's about 2% earn-in for the year. And so the balance for the year, clearly, we think we'll pick up another 1.5%. We budgeted occupancies fairly flat, and we don't think that we're going to see any big drop in occupancy, certainly not at the high levels that we had last year. We've been running 96% occupied in Houston for almost 2.5 years now. So I don't think we'll see that. We'll be closer to the historical 95% range. Looking at the beginning of the year, if you take what happened in December in Houston, we were at about 2.7% average on -- between new leases and renewals. New leases were basically flat, and renewals were about 5.5%. That was for December. We don't really have an enough data in January, but it looks like the trend in January is a continuation of that. So it's clearly -- we've clearly baked in a significant slowdown, not necessarily so much from declining job growth. I think in a normal year, 60,000 jobs would be enough to kind of keep things in a steady state. But you got 20,000 apartments being delivered, and you have 20,000 apartments being delivered in some really relevant submarkets to our operation. So we think that we properly anticipated that in our forecast in Houston for 2015. But I guess, the devil's in the details in terms of how long the oil price stays where it is and how quickly companies do respond, I think that Ric's point is certainly about the fact that the oil companies have spent the last 5 years clawing each other's eyes out for talent. I think there's going to be a lot of stickiness on the letting that talent go side until -- I think there's going to go much -- the duration is going to have to be much longer than what people are currently thinking to see an impact on that in Houston. Now obviously, the field operations are a different story.
D. Keith Oden: Yes, it's really hard to extrapolate that one. I don't -- it's hard to see the -- some of the estimates that in the market right now of Houston having as bad as negative job growth on 2015. I just can't even -- there's nothing that we look at that gets anything close to that, and I think we're very comfortable in the 50,000 to 60,000 range. And again, for all the reasons that it's not -- it's not that there won't be job losses, there will and there already have been. But the -- how -- Schlumberger has already announced job loss -- job cuts. Baker Hughes has announced job cuts. But if you look through that and look at where does are happening, as Ric mentioned, those are primarily field jobs. To date, there have been really literally a handful of notifications of layoffs and those are less than, in the cases that we've seen, less than 100 individuals involved in the oil and gas industry. So it's hard to get a thought process around where we are right now and having that big of a disruption in 2015. I think there's going to be a lot of stickiness on employment in the headquarter offices of all these oil companies, and I think the question really becomes more -- almost more of a 2016 question. If you have a scenario that you want to run and say, let's say, for grins, oil prices stay in the $40s for another -- throughout '15 and throughout '16, I think you're dealing with a different set of facts then. But for 2015, it's hard to parse that. The other part of it is, is that we had 2% built in because of '13 -- or '14 rent growth. And the other part of that equation will be, what happens to the national economy? If you continue to create 250,000 jobs, that will drive the other parts of the Houston economy. So if you say 0 jobs, then you're probably not going to get 3.5%. You're probably going to be in the 2% kind of zone, I would think. Sort the good for the first half and bad for the second half.
D. Keith Oden: So Dave, if you look at our portfolio and you kind of stratify the way our budget's rolled up this year, and again, we have a very -- it's a very grassroots down at the property level, begins at the property level. We give guidance on some macro issues, but these are -- by and large, these are budgets that are developed by the people in the individual markets. So of the 15 markets that we operate in, our budgets, the budgeted revenue increases for 2015 are higher than the budgeted revenue increases for 2014. And I think that's -- yes, you've got 5 markets that are lower than 2014, but there's not a single market in our -- the only market in our portfolio that has revenue growth declining by more than 1% is Houston and it's down 2.3%. So you got 4 markets that have very slight downs and you got 10 markets with ups. So I think that the answer from the people that are best suited to make that judgment about what the current state of play vis-à-vis consumer confidence, ability to pay, what's going on in their individual markets, the resounding statement from our folks was that in 10 out of the 15 markets, they think it's going to be better in 2015 than in 2014. And obviously, a tax cut vis-à-vis the price of gasoline is an important part of that. I think also that what Ric mentioned his prepared comments is that the tax cut aspect of the oil price decline is a net positive in our other 2 Texas markets, in Austin and Dallas. So I mean, the big loser in this is Houston for sure. We think it's -- we think we've put a sense around what the impact can be in 2015 and we'll see.
D. Keith Oden: I think, net-net, it is because you've got the impact spread over 80 -- or 87% of our portfolio x Houston that is clearly going to benefit. And I think you're going to see it in the job growth numbers, and that's the #1 driver of the performance in all of our markets.
D. Keith Oden: Well, if you've used D.C. as a model, in the last 4 years, we had 1 year that was a, call it down 3% and the other 3 have been flat to up 50 basis points. So the story in D.C. really was more of a, you had a slight oversupply condition but you had job growth dropped from -- we're on a run-rate basis of 50,000 to 60,000 jobs a year, we dropped down to about 10,000 jobs. So you just didn't have the demand in D.C. and you had this sort of pent-up supply that just kept dribbling into the marketplace without any net demand to take care of it. So I think that in the Houston scenario, if we're right and if the economists that we follow are right and we get 50,000 to 60,000 jobs, you're going to have some impact from direct competitors that are in lease-up. They tend to be pretty aggressive when they get to the 30-yard line, trying to get the ball in end zone and get their lease-up completed. So yes, you'll have people that are offering free rent or we're already seeing some of that in some of our markets. And we just have to -- we have to do what we've always done, which is sell the value proposition. We think we have properly anticipated the pressure that we're likely to see in Houston in 2015 and we'll just have to see how it plays out.
D. Keith Oden: Yes. We don't -- so what we do -- we don't have a marketing budget by community or even by city. We have a marketing budget for the entire -- for all of Camden, and we target those dollars where they need to be targeted. And it's all -- 90% of what we do these days is Internet spend. And we're very agile and very flexible when it comes to where do you need to spend the dollars to have the desired impact on meeting your objectives? So yes, I'm certain that based on our methodology, Houston is going to get more money this year than they got in 2014.
D. Keith Oden: Yes, we're at budgeted revenue increase in Denver worth 6% this year. That's down from last year actuals of about 7% or 6.9%. So yes, a little bit less than last year, but last year was an incredible year for Denver. And it's the second ranked -- highest ranked in our portfolio for the second year running.
D. Keith Oden: I think if the correct conditions, meaning $40 a barrel oil persist into 2016, you'll likely see that, yes.
D. Keith Oden: Jana, we'll have to get you the individual markets. We have that. We just don't have it in front of us. But in terms of overall move-outs to home purchases, we have been surprised consistently over the last 3 years that, that metric has not moved back up more aggressively with an improving economy. And there's a whole lot of demographic reasons around why we believe that's not happening, including it's taking -- millennials are taking longer to get married. They're taking longer to have children, which has historically been the triggering event for, in many cases, moving out of an apartment and buying your first home. So there's just -- there's a lot of things that we think are not part of the cycle, but they probably are a real secular change in terms of the demographics and the way people are forming families at what rate, at what age and having children. So I think that's likely to continue. The -- but it has been surprising. Our long-term average move-outs to home purchases is around 18% and we actually ticked down from the prior year. So we're -- I'd be surprised at this point if 2015 gets much beyond the 14.5% range across all our markets.
Richard J. Campo: Sure. The -- I think it's the same song, second verse of D.C. versus Houston. Anybody who wants to sell probably won't sell because of the psychology issue, right, which is, gee, why should I sell in this uncertainty? And then, on the -- so on the one hand, I don't think there's going to be -- there clearly is not going to be any bargains here. There haven't been bargains in Houston for a long time, that's why we haven't bought a lot here. We are developing some, but that's it. In terms of other -- there is an interesting piece. Houston has definitely been redlined by a lot of investors. And -- but other markets have not. So people are still getting equity deals done, and acquisitions are robust in the other markets. We do think Houston sales will fall off next year just because sellers don't really want to sort of try to see what the market will do today. But on the other hand, I have heard some folks talking about maybe this is the opportunity to go in because some institutional investors will pull out, maybe you don't have as much competition. And some of the developments that were done have such massive profit margins. We're talking if you built in 2010 here, you might have an 80% profit margin in your development deal. And so on the one hand, somebody says, "Oh, I got an 80% margin. Maybe I have to take a 70% margin to sell it. Then, what the hey, I'll still take it." And so there may be some of that going on. But there's no signs that anybody is under distress or anything like that. I will tell you land prices have adjusted pretty effectively, pretty fast, like some deals that we have been monitoring are down 20% or 30% because of the development side. So we are definitely going to be scouring the market for opportunistic activity and land might be the thing that really is the opportunity as opposed to existing assets.
Richard J. Campo: Sure. I think the Gables transaction is a really interesting one because it was heavily bid. The cover bid was $500,000 on a $3.2 billion transaction. And this is all in the marketplace, not -- I'm not -- it's not confidential in any way. You've read the reports. The portfolio, interestingly enough, matches up pretty effectively with ours. It was about a 60% A and 40% B portfolio, 42% based in Texas, 12% based in D.C. So when you think about it, heavily bid, heavily -- very robust pricing, sub-5% cap rate with CapEx. And you look at the portfolio being 54% in the 2 markets people are worried about today, yet there was huge institutional capital demand for the product and it's going to -- it hasn't closed yet, but I understand it's closing in February. So I think that's pretty instructive. The private market has definitely not discounted the -- Texas overall or Houston as -- from a punitive perspective as they have public company stocks. Camden has underperformed by about 900 basis points since the oil prices started dropping relative to our peers. And on a pure cap rate basis, you haven't seen any of that happen in the marketplace at all. So that's sort of the way I see it.
Richard J. Campo: Well, we have -- we really haven't moderated our view. We have said sort of all along that we would -- once we got through our big pipeline, we would start moderating the development activity from $250 million to $350 million annually plus or minus. The -- in D.C., we actually finished our NoMa project and we are going to start our NoMa II project. And the interesting thing in D.C., and this is, I think, going to happen in Houston as well, is that construction costs have moderated in D.C. So we're able to build our NoMa II at a little bit less than our NoMa I. NoMa II -- NoMa I, for example, is yielding over a 7% cash-on-cash return. Our NoMa 2 returns look like they're going to be higher than NoMa I, so we like those kind of returns. And when the cap rates are sticky at the sub-5% and I can build to a 7%, 7.5% in those markets, I'm going to still do it. In Houston, we started -- we're going to start McGowen Station, which will deliver in 2017. And we think it's perfect timing to get our costs in line with the sort of red line around Houston. And we know this is a great long-term market and so we're going to build that building. We've -- that particular one we've been working on for 13 years. People talk about how easy it is to build in Texas, but that particular site is one of the prime sites in Midtown. We negotiated a -- with the city a 3-acre city park in the project. So it's a very unique and interesting project. So that's where we are that -- from that perspective.
Richard J. Campo: I would say unlevered IRRs are probably in the high 5s now and they were in the sort of 6. They're probably -- talking probably 25 basis points at least in the last few months. The -- and it depends on the type of property you're doing. Part of the challenge with this -- with using unlevered IRRs, your kind of bogey, is that most of the private buyers that are sort of the buyers that are country club monies, they don't ever think of unlevered IRRs. A lot of the people that we sell to, I'd ask them the question after they buy. I said, well, what was your targeted unlevered IRR? And they go, "Well, we're not sure how to calculate that or what that is. What we're interested in is cash-on-cash return and what the levered equity returns are." They do unlevered IRR, but it's sort of interesting to know. And with interest rates as low as they are with using floating rate debt, these cash-on-cash returns are just out of control and the leveraged equity returns are out of control, too. But generally, institutions are in the 5s.
Richard J. Campo: When you look at Denver as an energy market, it is so small relative to its overall job growth. It's sort of like -- I think it's sort of like Dallas to a certain extent. And we think Denver is going to be a very strong market this year. It was a very strong market last year, the demographics, the job growth the starts. We feel really good about Denver.
Richard J. Campo: Last call, I said we had a 15 basis point negative spread on AFFO for $1 billion-plus of dispositions. If you look at the spread, the spread on this last round was probably 30 basis points negative maybe. So that's a real issue because it's really interesting because when we look at our disposition, when we make an analysis of it, we don't even look at FFO. We look at real cash flow. When I look at it, I say, if I can sell a 30-year-old asset at a cash flow yield of x and I can build a new development at a cash flow yield of y and there's a tight little spread on that, either both -- and oftentimes, it's positive because people underestimate their CapEx. We've sold a lot of these deals at 4.5% AFFO yields, and we're taking that 4.5% and putting it into a new development that has a 5.5% or 6% AFFO yield. So I haven't seen that, Rich, in my business career very often. That's why we've been pounding it and sold so much.
Richard J. Campo: I think, by and large, when you think about 13% of the workforce is in oil and gas and you have the add-on to the oil and gas, consumers are nervous. There's no question about it because you're starting to see every day in the paper other issues about layoffs and what have you and they're talking about it on the news all the time. And so I don't think we have seen anybody on our sites per se that are all nervous. But I think it's just sort of people -- the uncertainty creates a certain amount of angst and people worry about it. I don't think -- I think on the other hand, the low gas prices are helping all the consumers as well. So even though overall Houston itself has a job issue this year or potentially going to have a job issue this year, all the consumers are still getting the same benefit that the rest of the consumers in America are, which is a big tax cut. So on the one hand, they feel good about low gas prices. On the other hand, they worry how it's going to affect them individually.
Richard J. Campo: We did, absolutely. We looked at it very critically. And because we think we're going to be able to buy it out from a construction perspective at lower than what our budget is, and because we're delivering into '17 knowing that there's no one going to start a deal that they don't have funded today, we're going to be leasing in '17 and '18, which could be a -- which I think will be a very low supply environment in a very great location with the transit access. And it'll be a -- so yes, we went through a very deliberate process and decided that it was the right thing to do.
Richard J. Campo: Yes, so the rollout is underway, and we've got a pretty ambitious schedule for rolling it out. It'll happen, I think, pro rata throughout the year would be your best assumption. Although keep in mind that in 2015, the net contribution, even though there's a lot of noise on the expense side and a little bit on the revenue side, the net contribution of the program is less than $1 million. So I don't think it's going to -- if we had our druthers, we would have matched the revenue, netted it with the expense and called it a rounding error and moved on. But our accountants won't let us to do that, so we have to report both the expense side and the revenue side. So there will be some noise in our numbers for this year. Also, into 2016, we'll complete the rollout. And as Alex mentioned in his remarks, the payoff for this program minus the rollout year of 2015 is by the end of 2016 we'll be at roughly a $5 million profit FFO impact for years beyond 2016. So ultimately, you're talking about fairly sizable amount of money and we've got to go through a little bit of noise in the reporting to get to that.
Richard J. Campo: Well, we have a fundamental philosophy at Camden, and that is that we share the wealth with all of our employees. And that's a really -- that's a critical part of our culture. And so -- and I would sort of beg to differ on the on-site production because every single pro forma that we did, and we were trying to hit a mid or low teens return for our investors and we hit -- and did far better than that, had in the 20s IRR. And those returns and that the result of that -- the restructure was directly driven by a combined team effort, that we had a team that acquired the properties. We had a team that did due diligence. We had a team that did the financing. We had a team that did the asset management. We had a team that was on-site that focused on maximizing value for Camden and for Texas futures. And so the -- every single property outperformed their original pro forma. And while cap rates have compressed. It's one of those kind of things where if you're making the decisions and your teams are effective and you're beating your budgets, you can always say, well, you just got in front of a good market and it ran into you. And I found over the last 30 years in the real estate business that it takes a lot of teams doing the right things at the right time at the right place to make sure you get in front of that market and let it run over you. And so with that said, we fundamentally believe that our employees are some of the most important people in our constituent group. And if our employees have smiles on their faces and get paid on a big value creation, then the customers will smile, and ultimately, the shareholders will smile. So we're -- that is just part of our culture and that's why it was really important for us to make sure that everyone knew that senior management didn't take -- Keith and Malcolm and I didn't take a nickel in it and are -- most of the bonus, about 80% of it, went to -- or actually 85% of it went to field people and people on the team. So that's just our philosophy.
Richard J. Campo: Thank you. Appreciate your attention on the call, and we will talk to you next quarter or see you in Florida, too. Thank you.
