Richard Campo: Good morning. The strength of the multi-family fundamentals of Jackson Brown thinks about stay a little bit longer. We think that nation has lead to a great start to the year for Camden and will stay much longer without having to ask please, please, please. Same-property revenue increased 6.8% with every market contributing including Las Vegas for the second consecutive quarter. Same-property NOI increased 9.6% over the first quarter of 2011 which was only exceeded by the first quarter of 2006 as the best quarterly NOI growth rate that we’ve had in the last 15 years. Strong operating fundamentals continued to be driven by broad macro factors, pushing more consumers into rental markets. 60% of the new jobs are going to our customer’s, people of 34 years and younger. Homeownership rate continues to fall, while new home mortgages are harder for consumers to fallback for. New supply is not read to at least 2014. In spite of rising rental costs for our customers, their ability to pay higher rents has been consistently improving. Annual incomes for our customers have increased from $62,400 in the first quarter of 2011 with $69,200 today nearly an 11% increase. A percentage of rent income has declined from 18.4% in the first quarter of 2011 to 18% today in spite of significant rent increases. Historically, our customers have paid between 22% and 24% of their incomes for rent, but you will not believe that the rental increase cycle has peaked. We are riding a monster way that has a long way to go before getting to shore. I commend our revenue management teams and our on-site teams for getting as much out of this way that they will give. We continued to focus on external growth and improving the quality of our portfolio through acquisitions, dispositions and our development programs. Our 10 active development programs will deliver 2,800 new apartments for a little over $500 million and are leasing up at a faster rate and at higher rates with no concessions then we expect in our original underwriting. We anticipate starting seven additional properties this year, which will add another 2,061 apartments for an investment of around $400 million. We plan on acquiring $250 million of properties and disposing of a like amount this year. Our real estate investment group and support groups will be very busy. It’s a great time to be in the apartment business. I’ll turn the call over to Keith now.
Richard Campo: I think that the latter part of your question is correct. M&A is a total social situation. It tends to be driven by the CEO and the board and the management team as to what they think about the world and how they feel about their business. And I think when you think about the multi-family business today, share prices have come back and values have improved dramatically, but when you look out on the horizon, you have to say; well, should I sell today because prices are high and the question becomes; well, what is your outlook for the future. And right now, the outlook for the multi-family future is pretty damn good for the next two to three of four years, because of all these macro factors. So I think it’s hard for people to unless you just believe in, the economy is going to go down big-time and Europe is going to blow up and stock markets are going to go down 50%. You believe that then maybe you are going to run for the doors, but I don’t think from a fundamental perspective people believe that our business is going to start getting bad or not as buoyant as it is today. So, when you put that backdrop with why would I want to sell when I think that the rental rates are going to go up and my cash flow is going up that becomes – so you have both situations sort of hurting M&A. On the one hand if you are running a company and you think it’s a great time to be in this business, why would you want to sell unless you believe it’s a top and I don’t think anybody in this business and I don’t think at the top.
Richard Campo: Well I think the – we always look at those numbers for sure, but in a reasonable economy and let’s just take the 90s as an example where you start out in 1993 with home ownership rate about 64%. By the end of the decade, it was like 66% or 67% and that almost hit 70% in the next decade. During that period about 12% to 14% of the people in our apartments moved out to buy homes. What was really turned out to be a very, very good multi-family environment during that timeframe, what was happening was, you had the situation where you got a very vibrant economy. You had 20 plus million jobs created. So there was a lot of households created and we got our fair share of demand from the economy. I think that as long as single-family homes are not going to take share from multi-family until you have a buoyant – a buoyant economy. As long as we have a buoyant economy or creating jobs and we are – we have reasonable household formation like in past history then people moving out the backdoor to buy homes will be filled with people moving in the front door from the demographics and just a buoyant economy. So I think that while single family people worried about – worry about people moving out to buy homes, they’ve always moved out to buy homes in our business. The problem in the 2003 through 2008 timeframe was that we had really good renters who became really bad homers because they put no down payment. They didn’t have the wherewithal to make a mortgage payment. I think that could be or that would be a threat to multifamily if we had that situation happen again. I doubt given the bust and given the underwriting criteria and everything going on in the single family mortgage market that will happen anytime soon. So if we just have a normal environment where 12%, 14% of our people moving out to by houses but they are being replaced by new baby boom echo kids and immigrants and others that are traditional renters. We should be fine.Dave Bragg – Zelman & Associates: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Richard Campo: And Dave just to clarify, our current occupancy rate is 95.3%.Dave Bragg – Zelman & Associates: Okay. That sounds to closer to a level that you spoke about a month ago. Thank you.
Richard Campo: Hi, Rich.Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: So I want to talk about this first question on the rent to income ratio. So like if I’m a resident faced with a 10% rent increase it might be like – I’ve got to say no but let me first go look at my own personal rent to income calculation side. I don’t think they think that acutely about the situation. I don’t know if you think that, but I doubt people think about their own personal rent income ratio. And so, in saying that, I guess my worry is a wearing down effect. You got one big rent increase after another, eventually it’s going to get to the point where residents are just collectively put a halt to things. And I am wondering, you said you gave a lot of push back in calls and things like that, but at what point are you worried that, maybe rent income ratio is fine, but we’re just wearing people down here? And only thing that have to happen is the homework has to open up and then that creates option and you might still get good rent income or rental growth but maybe not as vibrant as you’re getting today. I wonder if you could comment on that.
Richard Campo: Yeah. Rich, I would – there is no question that our folks are not doing rent to income calculation. But I think it is – it’s useful to think about it from a big picture standpoint. And if you think about where we are right now in rent, we are currently as a portfolio and obviously it’s – there is variances between markets, but if you take all of Camden’s, which is a pretty big footprint over 15 markets and you take all of them combined, we just crossed over where we were in peak brands in 2008 last quarter. So in the aggregate across all of our communities, this is the first quarter that the average resident is paying more in rent in actual dollars than they were in 2008.Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: But that’s a different person.
Richard Campo: I understand that. But – so the question becomes, the market is the market. And as long as we are raising rents and we don’t deviate too far from what the rest of the market is doing then everyone has to look at and say, okay, what is my alternative. I’m going to go shop and they do it all the time but the good news is that our – with our yield management system we know exactly what the market is. We know exactly what demand is and it’s what I guessing about what the price level should be and experimenting we know with very good predictability what you can do with rents and what the likely effect that will be on both turnover and your overall occupancy rates. So, it’s not that we’re, we don’t think that there is pressure. Obviously when you get 10% rental increases back-to-back no one likes it and there’s – I’m sure there are a certain percentage of people that just out of as a matter of principle not because of their doing their income to rent ratio, but just as a matter of principle, they go shop. They discover that lo and behold everybody in Houston raised their rents 12% in the last year and or at least let me explain this way. All of the likely alternatives for our residents which are class A communities that are well located. Our competitors are doing the same thing. Now are they sophisticated on revenue management? Of course not, but there it doesn’t take a whole lot of sophistication to call your comps and say what did you do on rents which is what our – we give a lot of information to the marketplace. Other people check in what we’re doing on rents. So is a percentage of that 48% we moved out notwithstanding the fact that they’re going to pay approximately the same amount of rent across the street or down on another block. Yeah, that probably is. And I understand that and that’s the trade-off but as long as turnover is staying in a band that we’re comfortable with given traffic demand, the ability to backfill and we’re raising rents and we’re raising occupancy then from our perspective as good operators in this business that’s our obligation to do that.
Richard Campo: I think that broad numbers can mislead people and when you think about markets I always use Houston as an example. You can buy $140,000 house in Houston. But it’s not – that’s the medium price of a house in Houston is not relevant if you’re inside the loop. Inside the loop, the average housing price is an excess of San Diego, California. And that hurts people’s head so if you use a average meeting income for a broad metropolitan area like Houston you’re going to get total skewed because our average income for example at Camden Travis Street in Huston is around $90,000 a year. Clearly much higher than the average income of Houston overall. And that’s because it’s very well located and in the rents there 1,500 bucks to $2,500 a month. You go out into the Hinterlands in Huston, you can get the same apartment from a square footage perspective for $600 and your average income in that apartment is probably going to be $30,000 to $40,000 per annual income. So I do think they are skewed by submarkets in a major way in major metropolitan areas.
Richard Campo: Yeah.Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So, I just want to say that I heard the music and I heard the words running on empty and it’s later than it seems, but that was just my interpretation, so.
Richard Campo: Some people have the glass half full and some have half empty. Now we know who you are?Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thanks guys.
Richard Campo: We will think about little wane next time, what do you think?Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Oh, I got all kinds of suggestions, all that you know.
Richard Campo: But the challenge is does that includes the entire base. We haven’t tracked it that way and we probably could, but we haven’t. We don’t have those numbers in front of us right now. But clearly the new people coming in have a higher income than the existing people that are – that are, let’s say have been there for two years and we don’t recheck their income to drive that number up. And so, we think that that 69 is probably low, because our existing basis never knew are not re-qualified and they don’t tell us when they get raises. So I would think that – that clearly some of the people coming in have higher incomes, but also our existing embedded base are getting raises as well. So we can try and – maybe get some more granular information on that and get back to you later on that.
Richard Campo: I think as you see as we go from the first quarter to second, as I looked at the backlog, the first component of our growth is $0.02 improvement due to the performance of the NOI of our properties and that even in a quarter where we normally have an increase in expenses. So I mean there is still a decent walk from first to second. I think our same store revenue guidance is actually up 1.8% consecutively.
Richard Campo: Well, I think what we’ve done in our guidance, the first quarter is always the toughest quarter to try to decide whether you’re going to change your guidance for the whole year so we sort of tickle the guidance if you will by raising the bottom of the guidance, but what we’ve done from our peer modeling perspective is just to use our original budget through the, for the second and third and fourth quarter. We clearly beat in the first quarter and then we do have our occupancies and our rental rates ramping up in that budget. But with that said we’re – that’s how we did our guidance. So clearly it implies that, I guess just a math implies that if you start out at 6.8% revenue growth and you say your average is going to be 5.5% for the year, you have a decline in that, but I think there’s upside in those numbers clearly.
Richard Campo: Sure. The new supply is definitely in our budget, when we do our budgets we do them on a property-by-property basis and each property looks that it’s competitive set and we try to then manage our budget space on the competitor set. So with that said any developments would be in fact, dialed into those to those scenarios and when you look at DC, it definitely has decelerated from its peak but we still believe it’s going to be a positive contributor to the overall income growth. Keith, you want to....
Richard Campo: But when Houston’s doing 12 and Charlotte is doing 14 and Dallas is doing 10, you say well DC looks weak. Well, I think we’re going to be okay there.
Richard Campo: No, clearly not this calendar year or next. I mean there’s – Houston has probably 10,000 permits being closed in Houston right now, but the problem is may be the benefit is that that those units aren’t going to leasing up until 2013, best case – end of 2013.
Richard Campo: And there is really nothing you can’t go to the grocery store and buy a multi-family apartment, it is what it is, those – the completion numbers for 2013 are, I mean that’s a pretty hard number and known and knowable. And so that’s my – I think in Ric’s opening comment that you got to get out to 2014 in everyone of these markets before you start, but you will see us doing any hindering about supply, because it is a known number in for what’s come in 2012 and 2013. Now the job growth side of it, who knows. We are certainly in our markets, we are clipping along, there is some pretty decent job growth right now, nationally it’s still pretty tacit but in our markets it’s a better than that.
Richard Campo: San Diego continues to be a struggle, probably it was just a real weak fourth quarter, in fact I think we did have a real weak fourth quarter. One of our communities only have, I think three or four communities that role up into the same store there. One of them is very much affected by what happened in the deployment and we have two aircraft carriers that within the last six months have been moved, one for renovation and one for permanent redeployment and it – then it wacked us in the fourth quarter. So I think the story – our story is about same as everybody else is for San Diego.
Richard Campo: The April renewals are running in the 8 plus range, 8.2%; new leases, we didn’t give that in the prepared remarks. New leases are running in the 6.2% range. So pretty consistent with what we saw for the month of – for the month of March.
Richard Campo: Our renewals rates on renewal increases going back are probably 14 months, they have averaged about 8%. And I just don’t see any reasons but think that that’s going to change much.
Richard Campo: Sure. In terms of our brands, rents are definitely higher than our original pro forma, probably 3% to 4%. The more interesting part for me was the speed at which they are releasing up and also the fact that we were giving no concessions in a typical development lease up over the last 20 years since I have been involved in it or maybe more. I don’t know that we’ve ever had development sort of leased up with zero concessions meaning that you have customers coming into the projects and there’s lot of construction mess and you start delivering a few buildings and everything else is going on and usually you give a little month or half a month or something. It’s an enticement for them to lease. So this environment in Tampa and Orlando, zero concessions is pretty amazing. And what you have there is just no supply and there’s a pretty high demand for new paint and new developments there in this environment. And with that said, we definitely have higher rents and no concessions that should lead to higher returns obviously somewhere between 40 to 50 basis points is what we expect in terms of better returns once they’re stabilized.
Richard Campo: We are moving rents to what our yields star revenue pricing model recommends. I would say right now that we are probably in the 90% plus accept range. So not meaning that that 90% plus of all of the recommended lease rent either renewals or new leases are accepted without any further scrutiny and there is always a percentage up that do get scrutiny for – everybody has their own little one-off vagaries of reasons. So when you say pushing on the market, we are pushing them to what we believe the market is or what the market will sustain. Sometimes that may mean that we are pushing the rents more than our competitors because they’re not – they’re just not as quick to adapt to changes in market conditions. What normally happens is they call us or somebody else like us and ask what you’re doing on rents. We tell them and they adjust the rents.Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That’s great color. I greatly appreciate you guys. Thank you.
Richard Campo: Our current platform could handle lot of growth. We have systems in place where we had properties that’s just plug and play. The systems are very scalable so we would require very little additional G&A or infrastructure to grow the platform with roughly 70,000 units I don’t think we need to be much unless you get maybe up to the – over 100,000 unit kind of zone.Paula Poskon – Robert W Baird: That’s helpful, that’s all I have. Thank you.
Richard Campo: Now that’s same store so it would be same store household income. So it should be reflecting of what’s going on in the portfolio. We do think it’s probably understated because of the fact that we do not re-underwrite or ask the people who are renewing their leases if their rent has – if their income has gone up or down. We expect to paying a 10% increase in their rent that they are likely to have had income growth, but we don’t actually go back and ask them. So that number is – should be all same store, it should be exactly the same portfolio for each period that we’re measuring.Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. That’s all I have. Thanks.
Richard Campo: Well, we like Washington D.C. a lot long-term. I mean it’s great market and it always has been a great market. Overall as we manage our portfolio, we will – that number will go up and down. It will probably stay in the zone that it is now maybe up a couple percent, may be down a couple percent, but we – we are more interested in the quality of the portfolio within that market. We do have two new developments that are building there and we have some aligned properties into the extent that we would do more acquisitions and/or development in D.C. we would likely sell a couple of assets as well. So we sort of like where are there and we like the – and I think one of the big issues the big thing if you have to remember about Washington D.C. is its very different submarket. So the District is very different than Loudon County and some of these other markets. So we don’t really look at it as 19% in one specific market because of the way you can slice that submarkets up pretty effectively.
Keith Oden: Thanks, Ric. Compared to our expectations, we are off to a great start in 2012. This is one of those quarters that makes me reluctant to talk much about for fear of jinxing any subsequent quarters. With that in mind, my comments will be brief today. Virtually every metric that we used to monitor the conditions on the ground at our community is either very good or excellent. For the first quarter, same-store average rents on new leases were up 3.1% and renewals were up 8% or blended increase of 4.9%. More importantly in March, new leases came in with a 6.3% increase and renewals averaged 8.4% for a blended increase of 7.1% for the month of March. Revenue growth year-over-year was strong across 14 of our 15 operating – reporting markets. We saw double digit revenue increases in 5 of our 15 markets, Houston, Austin, Charlotte, Dallas, and Denver. And double digit NOI growth in 7 of our 15 markets. The most amazing turnaround was here in Houston. In the first quarter of 2011, Houston same-store revenue declined by eight-tenths of a percent and in this quarter revenues were up 12%, approximately a 1,300 basis point improvement over the year. Sequentially, the top four markets for revenue growth were Phoenix, Houston, South Florida, and Dallas. And while every market had positive sequential revenue growth, clearly the leadership in our portfolio is shifting. Our occupancy for the quarter averaged 94.9% up four-tenths of a percent from the fourth quarter. At 94.9%, we were roughly 1.5% higher occupancies in our original plan and this was a large component of our outperformance on property revenues for the first quarter. Our budgets assumed our occupancy rate with buyers gradually over the year but as it turned out we were able to increase occupancy aggressively in the first quarter while continuing to raise rents. Our occupancy rates budgeted for the balance of the year looked achievable. So, the occupancy related gain in revenue in Q1 not likely be a recurring grant to our plan. Compared to a year ago, our traffic has remained roughly the same, which is great, since last year traffic was up significantly in all four quarters. Despite the aggressive renewal increases, we continued to see manageable turnover rates of 48% in the first quarter and this compares to 42% a year ago and 52% last quarter. In addition, the percentage of residents moving out to purchase a home did pick up slightly to 11.5% in the quarter. It looks like this percentage may have finally found the bottom in the 10.5% range. The financial help of our residents continues to improve. The percentage of our residents listing move outs for financial reasons or job loss was 6.1% versus 9.3% a year ago. Also our bad debt expense for the quarter was 38 basis points and that’s well below our budgeted level of 65 basis points. At this time, I’ll turn the call over to Dennis Steen, our Chief Financial Officer.
Keith Oden: Yeah, the written numbers for 2012 completions for DC metro are about 6,000 apartments. Same-stores for job growth in 2012 DC metro is 36,000 jobs sort of at the five to one ratio that we – is there a kind of thumbnail ratio that we’ve used in the past that would imply pretty close to equilibrium in that market. So if you get 6,000 new apartments that at 5 to 1, you will need 30,000 jobs to naturally take that – take on that absorption. So, yeah, there’s going to be supply and that’s not allocated perfectly across that market. There’re going to be pockets that are going to have some competitive pressure from the new lease-ups but you got – the overall market in DC even though it has decelerated, we’re still raising rents in DC as we do not raise on the 10%, we raise on it 4%, so in most days that would be considered really healthy market.
Keith Oden: We’ve got completions in Houston out after 2013 or in 2013 of about 11,000 apartments, which again sounds like a big numbers, but in a market like Houston, it’s really not that troublesome, particularly in light of the job growth forecast or 2013 that’s predicting another 90,000 or so jobs. So again, 5 to 1 on the 11,000, 55,000 jobs, we are probably going to get 90,000 jobs.
Dennis Steen: In terms of changing demographics of the tenant base there is really not – there is nothing between the two quarters that will make us believe that there was any – we’ve no evidence but that is actually changing. The fact that turnover rate that the turnover rate was up 6% roughly 6% over on year-over-year basis does reflect partially that we push the heck out of rents but the flipside of that was we had sufficient traffic to be able to do it. And we are going to we’ll continue to do that as we think the trade off makes sense. We are within a range right now. Our annual turnover rate tends to run in the 47% to 50% range and we’re very comfortable with that range over the course of the year. So the fact that we’re 48 for the quarter really doesn’t get on my radar screen very much in light of the fact that we were able to push rents and push occupancy. So you’re always going to have when you’re doing those two things, you’re always going to have little bit more at the margin. People moving and making other decisions but as Rick mentioned on his in the stats that we look out for the ability to pay relative to our customer base, those metrics have improved materially in each of the last two years. So do they like it, no? No one likes rental increases. Do we get tons of emails? Sure but can they pay? And the answer of that is that they are paying a smaller percentage of their take home pay on a household income basis than they were last year. I think the other thing that you need really think about on turnover is the last few years has been at historical lows and that’s been driven by a lousy economy where people are doubled up and they are not moving around. They’re sort of stuck because economy is not that good. But if you think about Texas and you think about some of these really good economies who are adding 100,000 jobs but what’s happening is that you are sort of releasing that pent up demand by roommates breaking up and going to smaller units and having their own independent housing situation. So we would expect in a more buoyant economy where all the jobs are being created to have a higher turnover rate because people are actually moving around and that’s a good thing.
Dennis Steen: Well, I think – I think that’s exactly what’s happening. You’re definitely having people moving down market they can afford it and you’re having people move into our apartments that have higher incomes, they can afford it. And I think that’s evidenced by the percentage of rent that they’re paying. The increase – obviously in America, we haven’t had a 11% increase in earnings in a 12-month period, yet our customers have their incomes have gone up 11%. So clearly, we’re replacing sort of weaker customers with stronger customers and it’s all a function of the job growth and the buoyancy of the economy that we’re operating.
Dennis Steen: Rich just as a follow-up on that, in Houston the average – or average household income on our current Tennessee is 73,000 a year.Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Dennis Steen: Yeah, from the third to the fourth quarter of 2011 to the current quarter, it went from 66 to 69, so $3,000 difference in household income.
Dennis Steen: And if you look back in last year in to the second quarter we actually are same store portfolio increase on revenues 2.9% with a significant piece of that was an increase in occupancy. So we’re not going to have that same type of impact this year as we did last.
