Richard K. Smucker: Thank you, Sonal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to start the new fiscal year with solid results after a challenging back half of fiscal 2012. Let me begin by summarizing some of the key highlights for the quarter. First, net sales for the quarter increased 15%, with all 3 business segments realizing top line growth. Two of our strategic growth drivers, acquisitions and product innovation, played key roles in achieving higher sales. Volume across most categories improved with total tonnage increasing 2% for the quarter, led by strong performances from our coffee brands and peanut butter. Overall, results exceeded our expectations for the quarter. Second, non-GAAP earnings per share increased 4% to $1.17 per share. Volume growth and mark-to-market gains were key drivers to this increase. We are pleased with this earnings performance, particularly as we are lapping a strong prior year profit comp in our coffee business. Lastly, our cash from operations was a first quarter record with an increase of $167 million. Our ongoing ability to generate strong cash flow provides continuing opportunities to enhance shareholder value. To that end, last month, the board authorized an 8% increase in the quarterly dividend rate payable in September. Our first quarter results reflect the progress that continues to be made on the key areas of focus that we discussed at our year-end call. As we have stated, these were designed to address both short-term challenges as well as further position the company for long-term growth and include the following: further building our brands through increased investments in marketing support; continuing to drive our innovation pipeline; optimizing price points to meet our consumer needs and address competition; capitalizing on our recent acquisitions; and continuing to optimize our supply chain. We are pleased with what we've accomplished in these areas and Vince will expand on these as he discusses the segments in a moment. We will remain focused on these priorities as we move ahead. From an industry perspective, consumers clearly continue to feel pressed by the economy and we don't expect overnight reversals in consumer confidence. However, we are beginning to see some positive indicators in industry volume trends. While total U.S. retail food and beverage volume has been soft for an extended period, the industry has seen gradual improvements from the 52-week to the 12-week to the 4-week reporting periods with volume up slightly in the latest 4-week period. Moderating food inflation, as a result of declining commodity costs, has clearly been a factor in this improvement in the food and beverage volume. That being said, the impact of the current U.S. drought will not be fully understood and realized by the industry for a number of months. We will be monitoring this area and adjusting as appropriate. Overall, while we remain cautious, we are more optimistic about the near term than we were a few months ago. In summary, we are pleased with the start of our fiscal 2013 and look to continue this momentum for the rest of the year. Our performance reflects the strength of our iconic brands, our ability to adjust rapidly and the hard work and commitment of our team. We would like to thank all of our employees for their continued contributions. I will now turn the call over to Vince for an update on our business segments.
Richard K. Smucker: We adjust -- this is Rich. We adjust promotions as necessary as competitive positions deem it important, but we're not planning to change prices.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes. Well, this is Richard. I think a couple of things. One is we have seen a number of our retailers report. I think volume is relatively flat, but it's not down. Where if you looked at the third quarter of last year, it was down quite a bit, and the fourth quarter for us and the industry recovered but was still down. The first quarter, although basically flat, flat is good. We're doing better than flat because we're doing better than the industry. But we see a slight recovery. We do see a very, very cautious consumer out there. And we think that'll continue into the months ahead until we get some stability in the market and the economy. But we're seeing -- I wouldn't say robust recovery by any manner or means, but we're seeing a little bit of optimistic return in some of the step of our customers and we just think that any ray of light is good. And so, we're pleased about that. But we think we'll continue to do better than the industry.
Richard K. Smucker: I might add just in terms of what we've seen. We've talked about the hourglass effect and so certain items are doing well at the top end such as K-Cups, such as Uncrustables, which would be a little more higher price per unit. Those are doing very well. The opening price points are doing well. We said that the middle was squeezed. So we are seeing at the top end that there are some opportunities for higher-end products and we're seeing some good sales of those. And that gets, I think, a little bit to Scott's question earlier, we're definitely seeing the top end do fine. We're actually seeing the middle come back a little bit. Our Red Can, which was really squeezed last year, we've seen that rebound. And so I think that gives us some of the optimism because when we said the bottom end of the hourglass is doing well and the top end was doing well, the middle was being squeezed. We're seeing a little relief in the middle right now.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. The one thing I will comment on, I think that you will not see some of the huge increases in prices that you've seen in the last couple of years. But we have to take price adjustments. They'll be probably modest at best, but we -- last year, we took coffee -- well, we took coffee down but we also took it up for 2 years prior to that substantially and the same with peanut butter. We don't see those type of increases or decreases.
Richard K. Smucker: Cornell, this is Richard. I'm glad you asked that question. It gives me the opportunity to always talk about this. But I always think that volume is not a great measure of performance when you're looking in our businesses because we have huge weights in oils and in flour, which carry lower margins. And so if those businesses are down and all the other businesses are up, we might have a down-volume overall company but we'd be way up in profits and units. So we really have to look at our business category-by-category to see the volume trends. And so I think that's one thing we want to keep a watch out here.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, as you know, Farha, we have a list of -- wish list of brands out there that we think would be a great fit with Smucker's. The landscape hasn't changed a lot. There is some activity in terms of you've seen several transactions take place recently. We think that we're going to see some brands come available probably in the next 24 months and we would be interested in some of those. But I don't think there's been a big change in the last 6 months or so.
Richard K. Smucker: We would like to thank everybody for being on the call today, and again have a great holiday coming up. Thank you very much.
Mark R. Belgya: Thank you, Vince. Net sales increased $181 million or 15% in the first quarter, approximately 1/2 of this growth came from the incremental impact of the foodservice beverage acquisition. The remaining increase was primarily attributable to favorable sales mix, net price realization and volume gains. GAAP earnings per share were $1 this quarter and $0.98 in the first quarter of last year including restructuring, merger and integration and pension settlement costs. Excluding these special project costs, earnings per share were $1.17 this quarter and $1.12 in last year's first quarter, an increase of 4%. The increase in earnings per share was a result of several factors. On the plus side, EPS included a $0.09 per share impact from the net change in favorable unrealized mark-to-market adjustments and a $0.04 per share benefit of share repurchases in 2012. These factors were somewhat offset by an increase in interest expense related to last October's public debt issuance and a slightly higher effective tax rate in the current year. An increase in gross profit led operating income, excluding special project cost, to increase $13 million or 6% for the quarter. Included in the results was a $20 million gain from unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on derivative contracts. This compares to a $4 million gain in the prior year. A significant portion of the benefit in the current quarter is expected to reverse later in the fiscal year as the related contracts are closed and we purchase the physical commodities. Overall commodity costs were higher in the current quarter compared to the prior year, particularly for peanuts and green coffee. We expect lower green coffee costs to flow through in the coming quarters. Turning to cash flow. Cash provided by operations came in positive at $167 million in the first quarter. This compares to a use of $58 million last year. The improvement primarily reflects a significant reduction between years in the use of cash required to fund inventory. The effects of lower green coffee costs and a reduction in inventories were the primary causes. Capital expenditures were $46 million in the quarter, and we continue to expect a full year spend in the range of $210 million to $220 million. With positive cash from operations in the first quarter, we now anticipate full year free cash flow will be in excess of $600 million. Further, we do not anticipate the need to borrow against our revolving credit facility for normal operating requirements this fiscal year. Let me now conclude by updating our full year sales and earnings per share outlook for 2013. We continue to anticipate an increase in net sales of approximately 7% with much of the growth coming from the 8 months -- incremental months of the foodservice acquisition. While we are encouraged by the Fall Bake merchandising programs that Vince mentioned and the retailer commitments to date, volume in certain categories such as oil and baking mixes will be challenged in this period. As such, our overall volume outlook for the year has not changed materially. During the first quarter, we focused on getting the price right. In some instances, we increased our trade support in certain categories to achieve desired price points and strengthen merchandising. However, excluding the impact of the Sara Lee acquisition, our trade spend as a percent of sales was in line with last year. We anticipate this will continue as we progress through the fiscal year supported by expected declines in certain commodity costs, most notably coffee. Considering these factors and the first quarter results, we're cautiously optimistic in achieving the high end of our $5 to $5.10 earnings per share range for 2013. This range continues to be based on approximately 110.5 million shares outstanding. Before opening to the Q&A, let me reiterate that we're very pleased to have delivered a solid first quarter and we look forward to continuing this momentum through the rest of the fiscal year. With that, we will open up the call for your questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Mark R. Belgya: That's right, Eric. In June, we had indicated that we thought we might actually have to tap here in the U.S., primarily to fund our normal buildup of inventory. But we came into the year probably with a little higher inventory level than we've seen in past years. So we were able to end the quarter positive, and as you suggested, $300 million. It is important to keep in mind of our cash, about $100 million of that is in Canada. So there's a little bit of an active issue to that, but still we're running much more favorable than we had expected.
Mark R. Belgya: Eric, this is Mark Belgya again. Just to kind of comment on that. If you do look at the segment profit for Steve's segment, we're basically in line with our expectations from a dollar perspective that we spoke to in June. But clearly, the effect of it right now with that being a lower-margin business, that is primarily what's driving the International, Foodservice and Natural Foods' reduction period-over-period in margin percent as Steve indicated.
Mark R. Belgya: Chris, this is Mark Belgya. Let me just give you a couple of points. The first is that for those of you that have followed us for quite some time, it is pretty rare for us to move on our guidance for the year after just 1 quarter, and that really has primarily been due to the pending Fall Bake period that is obviously very big to us. You add into that obviously the volatility of the economy, the consumer and the recent spikes in corn and wheat. So those are all, I would say, are more cautionary as opposed to concerns. But those all factored into where we landed in our guidance.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, Ken. It would be in the back half of the year. We're in pretty good shape from a hedge position through our Fall Bake. So as we get into physical commodities later in the late third, and particularly in the fourth, where -- is probably where you want to charge that to.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, Jon, this Mark Belgya. You're right, we were up 6%. About half of that was specific to the Sara Lee acquisition and actually was right in line with our expectations. Beginning of the year, we said that marketing was going to be up about 20% and you may recall that was made up of a couple of components. There were some moving of trade spends that had been spent last year that was coming back into marketing. Obviously, Sara Lee was bringing additional marketing and then, of course, just our organic increase to support existing new products. As we looked out over the year, originally, that was going to ramp up particularly in the second and third quarters. We still anticipate a good increase. Whether it'll be the whole 20%, we'll sort of evaluate that as we move through the year. But we would expect to see a step-up in the second quarter for sure.
Mark R. Belgya: As a percent of sales, we would -- dollars and percent of sales would be probably moving closer to middle teens roughly.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, I guess, Chuck, I would just -- maybe frame it in macro, obviously, from a supply perspective, peanuts and coffee are coming down. But again, they're not down to anywhere near the levels where we were 2 or 3 years ago. Obviously, we know what's going on with the drought. So again, depending upon our positions and supply at the end of the calendar year or starting in the new calendar year, you would anticipate there could be some pricing action going up. But at this point, as Paul just said, we're in good shape through the calendar year and we do not anticipate any further action.
Mark R. Belgya: Rob, it's Mark Belgya. You're right, we do have about 4 million shares to authorize. You'll recall a couple of quarters ago, we exhausted the 10b5-1 program we had in place. In terms of allocation, I think that we restated today that we're sticking pretty much to our capital expenditure, $210 million to $220 million. So with that locked in, obviously, acquisitions come as they do, but we're still going to continue to look at opportunities to enhance share value -- shareholder value. I'm sure there's questions out there from a buyback perspective, we'll continue to look at opportunities there. But again, I think we think of it just because the dollar amount grew, we still kind of go back to the allocation that we talk about often in the 4 buckets and we sort of stick to that over time. So I wouldn't necessarily say just because we have an increase in cash that we're going to change that. But we'll certainly look at opportunities. As I think as Richard mentioned in his scripted comments, we did take our dividend up for this coming September as well.
Mark T. Smucker: Sure, Eric. This is Mark Smucker. Overall, you're correct. The category does remain a competitive category and the competitors that are out there are good. I mean, they're effective. Having said that, we still feel very optimistic about our brands, the activities that we've got in place, the fact that we've successfully managed some of these price points that were referenced in the script, and feel that going forward, we're very well positioned for the fall period. I would also add that just from a volume perspective as we look forward, as we got into the quarter and looking at inventories, we also had some questions around are we reloading the customers. And as we look forward and look at the shipments that we've had in the quarter, we're pretty confident that the trends that you see in the share numbers will continue.
Mark T. Smucker: Sure. Ken, this is Mark Smucker. Let me just back up and just sort of reframe the category. First, we had, as you know, a great year last year with almost $180 million in sales. And the growth in the quarter -- this past quarter, of course, was also very strong. So as we said, the momentum continues and it's part of our overall strategy of playing in all segments. And I think we're probably the one national roaster who truly does play in every segment in the category. That said, last quarter, I think I was the one who said low double digits. And after a lot of work by the team and looking forward on some of the issues that you raised, that's why we feel comfortable with the approximate 60% growth for the full year. Having said that, we can't really comment, of course, on Green Mountain's patents, but there have been a number of questions about private label entering the category or other, as Green Mountain terms it, unlicensed participants. Overall, we feel reasonably comfortable that we'll be able to manage through that. Every category we play in has private label. Private label will continue to enter the category, although I would point out that the barriers to entry for the unlicensed participants are relatively high. So there are a lot of unknowns there and we wouldn't expect a significant impact on our business this fiscal, although we do agree with some of the comments from our partner, Green Mountain, that ultimately over a 3- to 5-year period, the private label component would be somewhere in that 5% to 15% of the category range.
Mark T. Smucker: Well, I think it's, generally, it's capital costs, it's equipment and the time it would take to get that equipment up and running would be the primary reason.
Mark T. Smucker: I don't think we know that. I think that in our world, we're doing very well. But it would be hard for me to comment because we just don't know.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes. Actually, thanks for the follow-up. We saw in some of the pre-release materials there's some questions about that, so we're trying to address it. We talked last quarter a little bit about customers deloading somewhat in anticipation of a price decline. And so the concern would be is some of the volume uptick a reloading of the inventory. And so the clarification is simply that we don't think it is. As we looked, we dug into that pretty hard to make sure that, that wasn't the case and so as we look into the forward months and our shipment trends that we experienced in the quarter, we feel pretty comfortable that the growth is real.
Mark T. Smucker: I think it's -- Scott, it's Mark. I think it goes back to Vince's comment about managing the price points. And it is not only about the gap, but the threshold that we had crossed. And since we get asked a lot about elasticity and the models and so forth, it is a new learning for us. We saw what happened as we went above that $10 price point on Red Can and conversely, I think, we're seeing the impact as it comes down. So it was excellent execution by our team and getting the price points reflected quickly on shelves. And as a result of that, you see, as we've talked about the hourglass, some of the migration going back to the core from the opening price point and some of the premium areas. So our business smoothed a bit in the quarter.
Mark T. Smucker: I don't -- it's difficult to comment on any competitor. Any news or the category is good activity to help grow the category. And at this point, we're not in a position to really talk about any specific competition.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Chris, this is Paul. On the Consumer Foods side, no, we really didn't have any other negative impact on mix. Mix was actually good for the quarter.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Ann, this is Paul. At this point, no. We really don't have any updates on our flour business. So, no.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Alexia, this is Paul. And when we look at the peanut business, overall we look at their spot prices and they are coming down. However, spot prices are really more directional, so keep in mind that, that isn't necessarily our cost. And we do, as you mentioned, we do enter into these long-term contracts with our shellers in order to manage our overall business. But from a competitive perspective, right now, we actually don't want to share too much more detail on that. And so I'd like to kind of stop it there other than to say that we feel very good about our overall coverage. We know we're going to get peanuts going forward.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Sure. Chuck, this is Paul. I'll speak to Uncrustables and hazelnut. We have seen a pretty significant increase in Uncrustables, up about 25%. And part of that is driven, frankly, by last year, we were on allocation because of some capacity constraints we had at our facility. That has been changed. We've put the new capacity in, we're up and running again and we're seeing a real good response from the consumer on Uncrustables. And then on hazelnut, that product, again -- that category, overall alternate nut butter category, has grown quite substantially over the last several years. And since we're the #1 peanut butter business, we thought we should participate in that category. So we've entered that, we are very confident and comfortable with what our products have done so far very early on in the cycle. But, overall, we feel good and the consumer response, we think, is strong.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: And then, lastly, you spoke to the Natural Foods business and -- yes, as we know and we've seen the numbers, the natural food industry has rebounded and the large retailers they're doing well. But also the large natural or national traditional retailers all have a great set now for natural foods. And those customers are becoming more and more important for our Knudsen, our Santa Cruz Organic brands. And you would have seen a lot of organic lemonade across the country in traditional retail this year. So those items speak to what Richard talked about and I think they're as important volume-wise to that retailer as they are positioning-wise. Those upscale retailers want to have a national -- a natural and organic segment. We're leaders in our categories there. So we have been able to benefit from that.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Chuck, this is Paul. On the commodities in my area of Consumer Foods, we're seeing exactly what you're saying, some of the higher prices coming out of the drought-stricken crops. Again, through our fiscal year, we are covered and we really monitor very closely on a daily basis the overall crop conditions. And we won't make those type of decisions 'til we get closer through the Fall Bake time period.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes. I want to frame in the kind of back-to-school and O&B time period. From a back-to-school perspective, that would include primarily our fruit spread and peanut butter business. We do feel pretty good. Now keep in mind last year, in the -- in October time frame, roughly, we had a lot of buy-in. There's kind of hoarding on the peanut butter side. So we're going to be facing that coming up, so that's kind of one we'll watch out. On the O&B time period or the Fall Bake time period, we're going to see a little bit of mixed results there on our oils and our baking mixes may not be as strong just from a price point perspective and some of the things we're seeing with our competitors. But on frosting, for example, we should have a very good business and actually milk should come back a little bit. So I think there's going to be a little bit of mixed results on O&B overall, but we feel very strong about back-to-school and our peanut butter business.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Well, I think the other thing to keep in mind is we have a downsizing that took place in the cake business. And so when you look at kind of the apples, it will be a little apples-to-oranges comparison because we do have that downsize that took place and that's a pretty heavy-volume product. So the comparables there will be a little bit more challenged.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Farha, this is Paul. And on your first part of your question, really there are several reasons why we saw the volume increase. Back to school, having those promotions back on was a significant impact, clearly. We did have the pipeline fill of some of the reinstated items that we had previously discontinued, there's 8 of those. We also had some of the new product launches, the hazelnut Jif To Go, et cetera. So those are kind of the main reasons, drivers for the volume increase. And as we talk about your second part of the question, really I feel like I've answered that already and I don't want to change from that very much. We're not going to really speak to from a competitive reason -- from a competitive perspective where we stand on our overall pricing other than to say we do have these long-term contracts with our shellers and we're going to get enough peanuts for our needs.
Vincent C. Byrd: Chris, I would just -- this is Vince. I would just add that the margins or profitability of those items are in line with our core items. So it's not like we sacrificed profit when we focused on those items.
Vincent C. Byrd: I think what we're commenting on is that we do not anticipate any further pricing action through the calendar year based upon the visibility of our costs. We will continue to execute in the second and third quarters, primarily, as we did in the first relative to our pricing and promotional strategy. So I guess the way to interpret that is, is we don't anticipate any other pricing action other than we implement in milk that will go in effect in the second quarter.
Vincent C. Byrd: This is Vince. I'll start the answer and we'll turn over to Mark and Paul. But a couple of points. First of all, clearly over the last 2 years or so, we have seen somewhat of a shift in our business to club channel and/or dollar channel, the one exception being, of course, we lost some peanut butter business and a major club customer last year for part of the country. Clearly, the Folgers brand when we acquired it was a avenue for us to further explore the dollar channel and that's what really has made that segment grow. Secondly, though, as it relates specifically to our opening price point items, those aren't necessarily only targeted at the value chains per se. Those items are also sold across many of our channels, including traditional grocery stores. So it isn't necessarily a strategy of only having those OPP items, as we call them, for the heavy discounters. But from a macro perspective, you're correct. There continues to be somewhat of a shift to nontraditional channels. And then, of course, there's a very large account who's doing much better than they have maybe over the last couple of years and we're seeing a rebound with that customer.
Vincent C. Byrd: Ed, let me start again and I will turn it over to Mark or Paul or Steve. But clearly, taking the learnings from our third and fourth quarter, evaluating our post promotional analysis and our elasticity models allowed us to implement those revised strategies in the first quarter and we'll continue that through the fiscal year. But I would say that it was a combination of not only getting price gaps versus competition right, but it was also getting key price thresholds correct that obviously the consumer was responding to, specifically, in coffee, when we went over a $10 average price point pretty much across the country. The other thing I would suggest is that in some cases we've actually done a reduction in some trade spend areas to better manage profitability, specifically in baking where we might have moved off a 10-for-10 strategy to maybe like a 4-for-5 strategy. So I'm sure the competition will respond, but I think we're in a much better place today and understand our models better than maybe what we had previously, and we feel comfortable as we go into the back half of the year.
Vincent C. Byrd: Let me add to Richard's comment about the industry. I would just -- I think this was in the formal remarks as well. But obviously, 4-week data is going to vary significantly or can vary significantly. But if we look at the categories of which we participate in, we have clearly seen that there's been an uptick versus some of the trends that we had seen in our third and fourth quarter.
