Paul Wagstaff: Yeah, from this perspective, really there're a couple of things that are going on. First off, I would point out that our strawberry and variety products actually have had a very good year overall. And so we've been pleased with their performance so far. The great business, which is really due to our competitive situation, has not done as well. We've seen some impact there due to competition. It's really a better-for-you segment, which includes some of the sugar-free options that we've struggled with the most, and that kind of goes to your comments on the consumer taste and the consumer trends that are going away from artificially-sweetened products. And so we are looking at ways to address that. Some of the things we're doing to that end are the Uncrustables business, which is a way for moms to give their kids the PB&G sandwich, that continues to do very well and it's up double-digit and we expect that to continue. And then also, we're in process of launching a Smucker's Fruitful product, which is like an applesauce fruit-based product that we're seeing some nice trending upward with the consumers in that category is growing. So I think we're looking at ways of how do we expand this market brand to meet some of the other consumer needs.
Paul Wagstaff: Going back to a little bit of history on the peanut cost or peanut market, we saw peanut cost go up significantly. And one of the things that we do as being a large peanut buyer in the market is we went out helped the farmers, the sellers to make sure that they had a supplier, which was us, buy peanuts. And as we do that, again we don't get into the details on how long our purchase will go out, but we went out pretty long in that process. And as the peanut cost came down, we went out longer than most of our competitors. And so as you look at trying to go in the marketplace and price your product based on what your cost is, we were just longer than our competitors. So that's what we're seeing right now in the third quarter. We'll see that continue a little bit in the fourth quarter. We also know our peanut percentages going forward and while I'm not going to give you the details on what those are or how long, we do feel very confident that by first quarter, we'll be getting into our lower cost peanuts that are very similar to what we believe our competitors are.
Paul Wagstaff: Private label hasn't been much of a factor. Obviously it's still a decent player, but there's more of a branded competition that we've been seeing there. On the oil side of the business, again, I think we've done very well there and private label is still very large in that category. And then on the baking side, private label really doesn't have much of a presence there. So overall, it's more of focusing on branded competition than on private label.
Paul Wagstaff: I think from a marketing overall perspective, we feel very good that we've actually had very good execution in our marketing plans, the TV advertising that you've hopefully you've seen of the Olympics so far with the Jif, Smucker's and Crisco on the Folgers brand. Again, we feel very pleased with positioning and where we've seen. We've seen and heard some very good mother-in-law research from consumers that they really enjoyed the spots. So we think it's doing its job and we're pleased with how we've been able to get those in the marketplace and the timing.
Paul Wagstaff: With Fruitful product, actually the Smucker's brand, we've done some really good research on how the consumers see this market brand. And they do see it as a food product. And we do have obviously with our jam and jelly-based sweetened products come with sugar, some with corn syrup and some with artificial sweeteners. But again, we feel that this product that we're launching is that the only ingredient on the label is just fruits. So for example, on the apple version on that, it is just apples. There's nothing that's included. We don't have any other sweetener that's included. So we feel that actually does tie in with what we see the consumers, just from a research perspective, are seeing and giving the Smucker's brand credibility. So we're actually confident that Fruitful will do well and the consumers see it in the right way.
Paul Wagstaff: We've not taken any of the price declines since the last time we've talked. In fact, we felt very good that our price is better than what it was last year. Our promotion and our merchandising actually was better than last year. The competitive nature of that took place in the third quarter going into the fourth quarter. But overall we feel good with where our pricing is for the time being. And again, our volume has actually increased overall. And so it just hasn't increased as much as we'd like to see.
Vince Byrd: Eric, my comments were that we gained share in roast and ground and premium and actually we gained share in this segment as well. When you roll it all off though with K-Cups, we did not gain share, and that's just a matter of the math if you think about our share in the K-Cup and as that becomes a bigger piece of the pie. We obviously don't have the same 33 share that we have on the rest of the business. So it's becomes a math exercise to some degree. But we did gain share in all other segments.
Vince Byrd: I wanted to make sure we answered your first question. In terms of innovation in coffee and coffee in general, Mark and team have probably over 30 new items that will be launched next year. He was specific to the K-Cup in talking about the two or three. And then I think secondly, I would just reinforce when you ask about the timing of these things, we have a very sound relationship with Green Mountain, and that agreement has continued to evolve since the day we signed it three or four years ago and only continues to get stronger as we evaluate opportunities to add value to their company, our company and to consumers. So I think our party movers are we still feel very comfortable with that relationship and it's getting better and stronger by the day.
Vince Byrd: The other announcement that we've made of course is with the acquisition of the Café Bustelo, later in fiscal '15, we'll be rationalizing that facility. And although the benefit will probably be minimal in '15, it will provide some benefit going forward.
Richard Smucker: I would say in general it's changed our view that much in certain categories, specifically peanut butter. Peanut cost came down significantly the last year or so. We have gained a lot of market share doing that transition. And because we had kind of higher peanut cost than some of our competitors during that time, they took advantage of giving that back during the past couple of quarters. And even though actually our peanut butter sales were up this year in terms of units, they weren't up as much as we thought they were going to be and we lost some share to our competitor. But in general, it's competitive up there. I can't say that it's not competitive. And we're running a lot of promotions, but if you look at all of our margins in the industry, everybody's margin is up over the prior year, because commodity costs have come down. And I think most manufacturers have given some of that back in trade spending, but not all of it. So you'll see a higher trade spending because of that, but margins are better overall.
Richard Smucker: In general, yes, although we've been pretty stable at this point in time. We don't expect them to drop much more. Coffee is actually starting to get a jump, as you know. So I think we've hit the low point. And now they're, I would call them, stable with the exception of coffee, but we're in a pretty good market position on our coffee purchases.
Richard Smucker: I guess I would go back to Mark Belgya's concluding remarks as we look at our innovation pipeline, we have further supply chain savings. We're lapping a lot of the Sara Lee integration is behind us. We'll have the full year impact of the stock buyback. And I will go back to cost, because our cost structure as we go into the new fiscal year, with the exception of coffee, virtually across the board, we'll have reductions in our overall mix of costs. So we feel very good about what that will allow us to do and maybe be more competitive in certain areas. But again, we'll never be the lowest. We have very strong brands. We never feel that we need to be the lowest in the marketplace and that we'll selectively make decisions about where we spend those funds. But we're very optimistic as we move into the new year.
Richard Smucker: Well, those are both things that we look at, Jonathan. Obviously on the acquisition side, we've said this before, we have a number of brands out there that we would love to acquire if they become available for sale. We've been aggressive in pursuing those. But those are like fishing. You don't know if it's good. As far as stock repurchase, I think Mark mentioned back that we have some authorization available right now and we can utilize that if we so desire, and we can go back to our Board and I think our Board will be supportive of making more investment in Smucker's. So both of those we can pursue.
Richard Smucker: Obviously we want to make sure that we're priced properly and that we don't lose market share. So when we need to, we will meet competition. And it's been a little more aggressive this fall bake. But we haven't given up margin too much for doing that. And so overall, we feel pretty good where we are. If you looked at our margins, our margins are better than they were at the prior year. But I think you find that true with most consumer food companies. But it really goes by category. I think peanut butter is probably one of the most competitive right now. And that's because we've got some good competition in that area. That being said, our peanut butter volume is still up for the year. So it's going to be competitive out there, but it's not that much different than it has been historically. And we do go through these cycles. So this is not that unusual.
Richard Smucker: And I would add that obviously our premium segment has grown fairly significantly with our relationship with Dunkin' Donuts and we acquired it. It's under a $50 million and I think it's $350 million or something north of that now. So again, our strategy of participating in all segments has proven to be a good one.
Richard Smucker: And just to tie that off, our total marketing spending was still up 6% over prior year, which has been a good increase for us.
Richard Smucker: And the consumers, really the main thing that they look at the Smucker's brand is trust more than anything else. They trust the Smucker's brand. So that far outweighs the fact that they may see it also in the sweetened product. But trust is the most important attribute.
Richard Smucker: I would like to thank everybody for being on the call today. We think that we obviously gave different guidance for the quarter, but feel very strong about that we're going to start the new fiscal year and look forward to answering your questions as the queries go on. Thank you very much.
Mark Belgya: Just to clarify the 2.8 million shares actually have been approved by the Board. And so it's just a function of putting your program into places we so choose. But there is no further authorization. Now once we got that, we would obviously have to go back to the Board. But there is no limitations for 2.8 million shares.
Mark Belgya: Just to add a couple of other comments. We mentioned that part of the fourth quarter results, we accumulated favorable green costs throughout the year and we constantly talk about the timing of this recognition to costs versus price. And so year-to-date, we continue to recognize the overall favorable cost to pricing. That will flip, particularly in coffee in the fourth quarter and that is a key factor which is driving the fourth quarter results.
Mark Belgya: This is one of the things when we adjust guidance going in fourth quarter, obviously forces to the fourth quarter. But I think it's important to step back and look at where our expectations were at the end of third quarter. So a big picture, I would say roughly, whatever number you're working with, it's roughly $0.20 of guidance adjustment. About half of that you can attribute to third quarter and half the fourth quarter. When we spoke to you in the last quarter, we were specifically [ph] citing that Consumer Foods and International, Foodservice, Natural Foods segments would drive the very strong third quarter. As you heard this morning, primarily between peanut butter and the adjustment in our Sara Lee business, that really took away the earning. Obviously if you add those back, we'll be well on our way. Now if you look at the fourth quarter then, the key drivers if you're talking about coffee, it shifted cost to price. That's having a significant negative impact. Following the quarter, it's more heavily skewed in coffee. We're continuing to be affected by FX. The Canadian dollar leaked in significantly more than we had built into our plan in the October timeframe.
Mark Belgya: Just the big picture, as we said, when you look at our organic growth rate within our base, the key driver is our target for a long time 1% and we see that. And even last year, I believe I remember the numbers, the way we need to find new products, which are products that came out of a three-year window. It made up 10% of our total sales last year. So that percentage of contribution continue to grow and we feel that will continue. I believe it was in the scripted comments, we have 100 new products for this year. It was on top of 80 or so of the prior year and that's across the brand portfolio. So that's going to continue. That's the kind of metrics that you can think about as we move forward. And I think you'll see key contributions coming next year, which we've touched on a few already this morning.
Mark Belgya: I would say, Farha, that from the new Orrville facility that comes online, so we'll get the full year benefit of that. And I think what we said publicly, that's probably about a $10 million contribution. And then as Steve discussed, some of the costs that we've incurred in terms of the Sara Lee transition will go away. I don't think we're really in a position to talk about that. But you can kind of get a sense it's going to three quarters. There is some opportunity there. And then there is just the ongoing focus on our cost structure. We realize the importance of that in today's food space and although we don't have any projects to talk about, it's just ongoing efforts just to look at that.
Mark Belgya: In part, that reduction is marketing-driven. We did have much higher expectations from a higher marketing spend. A lot of that reduction is probably due to that. We've also focused on the last six months obviously with the guidance to look upon controllable spending to bring that down as well. We can get offline with the specifics of the breakdown.
Mark Belgya: And I think on coffee as well, same thing. We have been able to do everything that we felt we needed to do this year and support our brands. It is true that some of the marketing dollars, not a lot, has transitioned to more targeted in-store marketing activities that we count at trade.
Mark Belgya: I would just like to go back just to confirm one number that was on an earlier question about the SG&A. It has gone from 8% to 4% and as the year-over-year increase and as I suggested, most of it's driven by the marketing and also the favorable spending in our G&A areas.
Steve Oakland: Yes, we did expect that to be better. And as both Richard and Vince detailed on the call, we're disappointed in the transition difficulties we've had with the Sara Lee business. But we're not disappointed in the strategic value of that business. That business gave us a couple of things that gave us scale in Foodservice and it gave us a proprietary technology base to away-from-home coffee business. So we're convinced those things can deliver what we thought. We are frustrated that we're not there now. I would say we will have some of that impact in the fourth quarter, and we think that the next fiscal year we should see that business start to improve margins and profits.
Steve Oakland: In the Foodservice market, K-Cups do really well on a couple of segments in lodging and in office coffee. And as you can imagine, Green Mountain has a large install base in the organizations to support that. So the opportunity to work with them to access that install base and to get our brands in front of those consumers in those venues makes sense. We just thought it was a great opportunity. It's just starting. So I believe it's just starting in that space and it'll start this summer in Canada. And we'll very excited about the opportunity, but I would expect that to take a year or two to build.
Steve Oakland: If you remember, this summer, we started to brand the Folgers and that momentum is just picking up. In fact, we had the best quarter that we've had since we've owned the liquid coffee business in the third quarter. Unfortunately, liquid coffee is only half of that business. And the roast and ground and the private label, all the things that came with the deal, the Sara Lee business. It had been a difficult transition. So it's really two different businesses. Roast and ground has been a very good transition. Yes, there're systems and processes and things that came from Sara Lee that we've had to put on the Smucker's systems. But the core liquid coffee business has been up. It's growing a little faster now. And we think the Folgers brand, now that there is a front-of-house brand in that, we have an opportunity. And we believe we're going to bring a new piece of equipment to market this summer. So we'll have our first new piece of news equipment-wise this summer. So all of those things together make us feel pretty good about it.
Steve Oakland: Yeah, that's correct. And some of the charts that you saw, a little bit of chart is on the business that was discontinued.
Steve Oakland: We have invested heavily in Scottsville. And for the first time, we hope this summer we'll have capacity ahead of demand significantly. So there may be a little bit of overhead weighing on that, but it's going to allow us to promote aggressively in both Foodservice and Retail, something we've not ever really been able to do in that business. And so we're excited to see if we can fill that capacity quickly. But we've expanded the bakery this last year. We're including new production lines in the next several months. And that overhead may weigh on that business a little bit in the first three quarters of the year, but I would hope we fill it up by the end of the year.
Mark Smucker: First of all, we do have a fair amount of innovation, a mix of three new items coming into the market in this next fiscal year net. Two of those are the Hispanic initiatives. So we're hoping to support Green Mountain's Hispanic initiative in that sense. So we are optimistic about that. That's good. And as you mentioned, dollar and online channels, we are very optimistic. I wouldn't give specific numbers about those channels. But essentially, we are just now beginning to shift those channels and we are in the dollar channel a significant player. And in the online channel, we are a rapidly growing player. And as you know, K-Cups in the online channel are a big piece of their pie. And so that would be clearly good for us. As it relates to 2.0, obviously we're very excited to be involved in the new system. And as you can imagine, as we said last call, we will participate in that system, including all of the different pots or cups that it will offer. And clearly, I think the way we think about it is it validates our partnership with Green Mountain. We are with a great partner and we're optimistic about that. I think it's going to take some time and this is an aggression more of them as to how long the machine convergence takes and it's going to take some time. But clearly, it validates that we're with the right partner.
Mark Smucker: Really we grew share across, as Vince said, all of our key segments, the mainstream premium and instant. But as it relates typically to roast and ground, we have actually been out-taking the category. And so the largest share gains from both us and our number one competitor really have come from private label. And I think that is largely a function of just the price compression in the market that all of our prices are closer together and consumers can't afford to trade up.
Mark Smucker: I guess when you think about the K-Cup segment, let me talk more in terms of the unlicensed player. So as talked last quarter, we had seen growth there. We expected to see if that noise has continued in the category. Again, I think it's important to point out that we do have some data that would indicate that licensed players actually get higher repeat purchase rates. So that bodes well. But clearly, as we look at K-Cup, we have some pretty consistent that private label, whether it's licensed or unlicensed, could still get into that 10% to 15% range of the category, which is typical for most of our categories.
Mark Smucker: It was all through Internationa, Foodservice and National Foods, and it would be because these are promotional programs that are offered to our customer base. They affect the ultimate selling price. It is cash.
Mark Smucker: First of all, I would just remind you that the K-Cup segment, if you think about it versus roast and ground, the cost component that is coffee is very small. Now clearly, it has an impact. You can't discount it, but there is a number of other packaging components and what have you. I think you're correct that pricing in that segment moving up is less likely, but I also think if you go back to what our friends at Green Mountain said on their call, the pricing still seems to be rational. And even though there has been a little more promotional activity, more frequent and so forth, that segment obviously continues to grow and we should see the tiering that exists there. We have some data that would suggest our brands do not support us tiering and we can maintain our price levels at where they're at. So we feel very good about where we are. And then as you know in roast and ground, clearly we always try to be transparent with our customers and we will move on pricing when we need to. That said, the environment in the roast and ground, I don't know that we're ready to commit to saying that the current levels at Arabic are sustained. There has been some fundamental driven with the giants in Brazil, but there's also been a fair amount of speculation in that market. And so I think we need to wait and see what the coffee markets are going to do.
Mark Smucker: No, I would say that minus-1% for the roast and ground in the total category is probably fair. On our business, though, there have been some fluctuations. But of late, we've been growing it. And I would say that I don't think our numbers would match what you're showing. I think we can continue to grow at and we have continued to actually grow our volume in the past few quarters, given all the efforts we put on outpacing that category. But overall, I think we're positioned well to continue to grow in total on coffee.
Mark Smucker: Yeah, there will be some shake-out. Clearly some of the customers have acknowledged a probably too much space in the stores for K-Cups. So there's clearly going to be some rationalization. And the branded players, the licensed players rather could feel some impact of that. That said, I think our confidence goes back to the strength of the Folgers brand. Vince mentioned in his script that Millstone has been impacted. We're working actively to restate that brand. Again, we got a new brand in [ph] Rustello coming into the system. And then just overall, our Folgers branded K-Cup continues to grow.
Mark Smucker: You're right. The red can is iconic. Our core red can business this quarter has been fantastic. I think some of the growth has been tempered by opening price points. But as you pointed out, the packaging is a little different on K-Cup. So two responses. One is that technically our Folgers Gourmet Selections brand. And so the graphics are a little different. They're supposed to be a little more upscale. That said, we're going through another packaging iteration with K-Cups right now. And I think you're going to see several SKUs that are going to convert to core Folgers and you're going to see the other SKUs that are going to have a stronger Folgers presence on shelves. And then as it relates to your Millstone question, we are restaging and repackaging the entire line. As you know, we've gotten out of the bulk business or are just about out of the bulk business. And so that will be primarily a bagged coffee and K-Cup offering much more premium packaging, so it is a packaging, but it is also the support that we're going to be providing for that brand going into the next fiscal year that gives us confidence.
Mark Smucker: Clearly, our teams are very engaged with Green Mountain and they are already working on formulating the products that will go into that 2.0 machine. So we're doing small pots. We're going to participate in that. That's what we're very pleased about. And then some of the interactive technology and the ability for that machine to only brew licensed cups is obviously very exciting. I will go back to my prior comment and I think it's going to take some time for that system to come on-stream in a significant way. But for all the reasons I mentioned, we're very excited about it. And again, this partnership with Green Mountain is better than ever and continues to expand.
Mark Smucker: I don't think, first of all, that it's going to impact licensed more than unlicensed. I don't think that is true. I think clearly that quality and cost advantage that the licensed players enjoy are a benefit to them. I can't give you specifics customers that are talking about this. But as you travel or visiting stores, I think you'll notice that there's a difference from one grocery store to the next in terms of how much space they have allocated to the K-Cup section. So I just think that as there is a lot of brands out there, some of the specific items may not be there in a year. And so I think we just need to wait that out and continue to support our brands and trust that our brands hold.
