Mark Belgya: Welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call, thank you for joining us. Also on the call from the company are Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO, Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and Co-CEO, Vince Byrd, President of our Coffee Business, Steve Oakland, President of Smuckers, Jif, and Hungry Jack, Mark Smucker, President of our Special Markets and Paul Wagstaff, President Oils and Baking. After this brief introduction I will turn the call over to Richard for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter and Tim will provide closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments we will be available to answer your questions. If you’ve not seen our press release it is available on our website at Smuckers.com. A replay of this call is available on the website. If you have any follow up questions or comments after today’s call please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, our Director of Investor Relations. I would like to remind you that in both the prepared comments and during the question and answer period that follows, we may make forward looking statement that reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning such forward looking statements.  I also want to point out that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release and on our website. I’ll now turn the call over to Richard.
Mark Belgya: In the last couple quarters we have quantified on a full year run rate. Basically we have identified and will realize the $80 million through the course of the year. I would categorize it as an $80 million run rate that will be achieved by the end of the fiscal year.
Mark Belgya: That’s a little hard to estimate. We probably won’t get into a lot of detail. Obviously where the green coffee costs have been for the quarter will contribute a lot to the overall year. We’re not necessarily in the position to say we’re going to have that kind of results each of the next three quarters. The bulk of the increase is driven by this quarter.
Mark Belgya: Clearly is a margin, coffee driving the majority of it. As we said, with the lower commodity costs we talked about this over the last couple of quarters. We expected to see margins return to “historical levels” and we’re seeing that across all our businesses. As we look out in the cost environment it’s too early to predict the end of the year and that was really some of the reasoning behind our guidance review. The costs are favorable and I think it’s primarily margin. We’ve achieved the synergies or we will have achieved the synergies, not that that was necessarily in doubt but we are going to achieve that $80 million. It’s a number of things but I think you’ve identified the key ones.
Mark Belgya: We’ve talked in the past we build in no revenue synergy as part of the $80 million. Clearly as you’ve seen the last two quarters of ’09 and the first quarter here we have benefited from that. To your earlier point in your question the fact that we’ve integrated the business in under a year, the way we manage the business probably is a little different then maybe other companies with major acquisitions is that as we folded it in we’re comfortable with hitting the $80 million but we don’t consistently go tracking to see if there’s more.  What I will say is the proof will be in the pudding as margins over time should be enhanced not only in Folgers and the coffee business but across other lines of our business. We don’t want to continually talk about synergies but we’re going to continually talk about driving margin expansion.
Mark Belgya: The mark to market on commodity was clearly immaterial for the quarter.Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research : Circling back in terms of volume you guys frankly seem to be one of the only food companies out there able to grow volumes in this environment. Even some companies with portfolios that you would expect to aligned with the food at home trend. I know that you sighted distribution gains with a large retailer. I’m wondering whether you could give some additional color as to why you guys are standing out in terms of volume performance in this environment. It really seems like a disappointing performance from the industry and maybe you have some insight into that.
Mark Belgya: Marketing spending this quarter actually ran above sales and we would expect that to continue during the year.
Mark Belgya: To reiterate a point that Richard made earlier is that from the critical mass that we have with the addition of Folgers I think that we do have a very good relationship with our retailers. Us owning the Folgers business I think that our retailers are excited about that and with the historic relationship we’ve built we’re able to take advantage of that and I think in some of the prepared remarks earlier we talked about the integrated sales and marketing team efforts, that’s where you’re seeing it. You’re seeing the top line growth that we’re talking about that’s what’s driving it.
Mark Belgya: I would say at this point we’re always reviewing our CapEx but specific to the capacity, no those were projects that had been embedded in the last year’s capital budget and some spending this year. I wouldn’t read anything more into that.
Mark Belgya: For right now in total we’re at I think we said $120 million. That might go up a little bit. We do have some projects on the drawing board that we’re going to look at. We will probably update everyone next quarter.
Richard Smucker: I would like to begin by summarizing the key highlights for the quarter. First, we delivered record sales and earnings for the quarter with Folgers contributing significantly to the overall results. Sales were up 58% and non-GAAP earnings per share were up 12%. Second, as consumers eat more at home we benefited with broad based volume increases in nearly every one of our US retail categories.  Third, operating margin significantly expanded, mainly due to the addition of Folgers. Many of our core businesses also experienced margin gains as commodity costs have declined from a year ago. Finally, we are well positioned for this year’s back to school and fall bake and holiday periods, with our first opportunity to broadly include Folgers in multi-branding themed events. We have new advertising lined up and new products to capitalize on our strong momentum. Now let me provide brief commentary on each of our four business segment. During the quarter growth in both the Coffee category and Folgers once again exceeded historical levels in large part due to the execution by our fully integrated marketing and sales teams. The continued expansion of Dunkin Donuts and the Gourmet category and strong gains in traditional roast and ground led to the growth compared to last year. Segment profit in the quarter exceeded our long term expectations primarily due to lower green coffee costs during the period and volume related to operating efficiencies. At the beginning of this month we completed the last of our three key integration milestones, transitioning the green coffee systems onto our oracle platform. We would like to again thank our employees for their continued efforts. These integration activities have been executed seamlessly with no major issues or concerns. We’re on track to deliver the $80 million of synergies this fiscal year. In the Consumer area, performance for the quarter was strong as volume and sales increased for the Jif, Smuckers, and Hungry Jack brands and the segments profit growth exceeded sales gains. We recently expanded our peanut butter capacity and are well positioned for future growth. This year we look forward to focusing on merchandising, marketing and rolling out new products for Jif. We have started shipping our new Jif Omega 3 and our reduced fat Jif to go. In addition, we recently introduced new commercials under the Choosy Mom’s campaign, focusing on the brands core equities. In line with eat at home and the back to baking trends our oils and baking segment delivered good volume growth with both Crisco and Pillsbury experiencing double digit increases. Sales for the segment were down modestly as planned price decreases, additional promotional spending and volume declines in canned milk, more then offset the gains in baking, mixes and frosting. You may recall that a response to declining commodity costs we lowered oil, shortening, and flour prices by approximately 13% this past January and canned milk prices by 7% in June. Momentum in the Pillsbury brand continued this quarter with volume up over 25%. In addition we benefited from new placements at a key retailer last year and our new products, especially Easy Frost and Brownie Minis are receiving very good customer acceptance. This combination of new products, good merchandising programs and marketing investments gives us confidence in a solid fall bake for the oils and baking category. Finally, sales in the Special Markets segment increased 4% as the addition of Folgers more then offset unfavorable foreign exchange and volume declines. In summary, we delivered a strong quarter and are starting the year with good momentum. We are encouraged that commodity costs have declined and are comfortable that our pricing is positioned appropriately. As retailers are evaluating their product offerings, our strategy of owning number one brands positions us very well for the future. Further, our portfolio of brands fits the needs of today’s value oriented consumers. The strength of these brands provides the ability to continue to generate long term profitable growth. I’d now like to turn the call back to Mark to have him review the financial results for the quarter.
Richard Smucker: I think having the volume and the brand strength of Folgers helps us with our customers in terms of getting their attention. They like that brand, it’s a great brand that they can merchandise and it just gives us more credibility and strength.
Richard Smucker: We think its going to continue. We think that it was probably driven initially by the economy, although those trends we did start to see about two and a half years ago, three years ago. They started slowly the economy accelerated it and although even if the economy gets better we still think that the trend will continue.
Richard Smucker: That’s probably 80% of it but the other side is the top line has been very good and the momentum on sales per unit has been very good, slightly above our expectations on our plan. There is some top line growth that we anticipate continuing.
Richard Smucker: I think typically what we’ve seen over the years is our brands are compatible with private label. We always believe that consumers can have a choice and so we think that our brands are really compatible. Overall our very responsible marketers so when we take share it really is more with our other branded competitors then it is with private label.
Richard Smucker: Our strategy is really to be as transparent with our customers and gain credibility with our customers whenever possible. We’re very open with them and when there’s a reason to go down in price we do it, they understand it, we talk it through thoroughly with them and when we have to go up in price we do the same thing. I think we’ve been able to gain credibility with our customer because of that transparency.Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: On Folgers there was an earlier question about the synergies. I was also a little bit confused about how that was mentioned in the prepared remarks because I thought that you said that you’re basically at that $80 million right now. I’m struggling to understand why that is still an exit rate for 2010 instead of a number that will be achieved for 2010.
Richard Smucker: It does show how the consumer is thinking about it that they’re looking for more value and we have value offering.
Tim Smucker: We had a record quarter with solid volume gains in US Retail businesses and we were able to leverage our top line growth into an even larger earnings increase. None of this would be possible without the dedication of our talented employees and we thank them for their tremendous efforts. It is clear that the addition of Folgers has improved our financial position with significantly higher margins and increased cash flows. In addition, our early results are evidence that our ownership of Folgers provides significant long term opportunities for the top and bottom line. While we continue to focus on leveraging the growth opportunities of the Folgers acquisition, we have not taken our eyes off our core brands and core businesses. We are making significant investments in building our brands through marketing, promotion and research and development, to position us for the short and long term. Let me share a few examples of some of our plans including cross branded theme marketing events, new advertising, and continued partnering with our retail customers. We recently ran a breakfast multi-brand merchandising event featuring Smuckers, Folgers, and Hungry Jack, our first multi-brand event including Folgers since we acquired the brand. For fall bake and holiday we have several multi-brand events planned featuring Folgers, Smuckers, Jif, Pillsbury and Eagle Brand. In Canada, we launched our Baking is Back promotion an effective way to communicate with our consumers by bundling our brands.  Finally, our team has worked on a record number of new television commercial supporting our brands including elevating the visibility of the Folgers brand with consumer with new advertising emphasizing the brands core equities including the tag line “The best part of waking up”. New advertising in support of the Dunkin Donuts business and retail channels, Smuckers commercials adding to the classic ‘boys’ campaign for jams and new Jif spots whose timing corresponds with the back to school period. We are encouraged by our strong first quarter performance and the momentum entering the fall bake and holiday season. However we expect second half comparables to be more challenging. We will lap the Folgers acquisition in early November and as you may recall last year’s fourth quarter coffee performance was high. In addition, second half comparisons for Oils and Baking will be tougher as we lap the new placements at one of our key retailers. With regard to our 2010 expectations, we have not changed our outlook for the year. Net sales are expected to approximate $4.5 billion and income per diluted share excluding merger and integration costs is expected to be at the higher end of the $3.65 to $3.80 range. We’re also maintaining our outlook on cash flow items that we provided you last quarter. As you look ahead, we believe that the shift to at home consumption is a trend that will continue and we are well prepared. Our brands have earned the reputation of high quality and fair value and the strength of our brands provides confidence in our strategy as we move forward. In summary, first we had another record quarter in a challenging economic environment. Second, we have now completed our three key integration milestones related to the Folgers integration in less than one year, and we’ll realize $80 million in synergies in 2010. Third, we are well positioned with new products and advertising for the important back to school and fall bake and holiday periods. Finally, we believe that our strategy of owning number one brands positions us well for future growth. We thank you for your time today and now are happy to answer your questions.
Tim Smucker: Having the number one brand position as you know if private label takes more share it’s usually from the three or four brands and that’s why our strategy of owning number one brands is really important to us.
Tim Smucker: I think you’re exactly correct. Obviously we do look at margins but in the end it does come down to dollars and we look at those versus our volume rates. We will be focusing a lot on what the absolute dollars are. Margins do vary as you pointed out from year to year primarily in some of our, not only coffee, but also in some of the more commodity categories. Just because our margins are a little higher right now that doesn’t concern us long term because we’re going to look for continued growth in dollars.
Tim Smucker: Thank you very much for your interest and I just want to add that the team this quarter has done a tremendous job. We’ve talked a lot about the three major milestones which we’ve done a great job. There’ve been a number of other milestones we’ve it that we haven’t talked about. Again, thanks to the team, thanks for the interest and your great questions today. Have a great day.
Steve Oakland: Obviously it’s early on those. We did have a chance to run our first breakfast promotion with Hungry Jack tying in both FSI and trade support with coffee. I think what we saw was more merchandising. Those brands respond great to display, coffee allow us to get more display so we hope that will continue.
Steve Oakland: I think that’s fair. We’re able to line those up, its very efficient to purchase the media and its very easy for the trade to get behind displaying for example pancake mix, syrup and coffee and jams and jellies. That’s a pretty simple concept for them and I think fits exactly what they’re trying to do right now.
Steve Oakland: It’s hard for us to make judgment on the whole industry. I can say we want to congratulate our sales team on execution. We had a chance to really lay out the multi-brand efforts that we talked about before. The efforts behind the peanut butter business, if you think about when we planned the peanut butter business you’re working six months out with your customer and we were facing the PCA recall issues last year. We’ve put a lot of great plans in place and the team with all this on their plate did a great job executing. I think it goes back to what we think is a core competency and that’s execution.
Steve Oakland: I think we’ve talked about in a previous call the one impact on the jam and jelly business that’s been interesting on the economy as we’ve seen tradition jams and jelly volume grow. What I mean by that is strawberry jam, grape jelly, blackberry, orange marmalade, and those things. We’ve seen some of our more expensive per unit items decline and that would be low sugar, simply fruit, and those things. We’ve seen the category shift more towards traditional jams, jellies, and preserves. As you can see in the segment numbers it hasn’t hurt our margins but it has show a little bit of a shift so you’ve seen the tonnage grow faster then the dollars.
Steve Oakland: Some of that has been merchandising with peanut butter. Obviously traditional items merchandise really well with peanut butter and we’re off to a great back to school start.
Steve Oakland: We always think volume is a margin friend. If we get the volumes we get the margins we’ll get the dollars.
Paul Wagstaff: I’d say that’s fair with the exception of oils. Oils we did not gain market share over the first quarter period. We had a competitor that had very aggressive pricing going on. That being said we still improved our volume but just not market share.
Paul Wagstaff: What happened basically about a year ago August we entered into an agreement with one of the key retailers and increased our positioning on shelves significantly for the baking items primarily cake and frosting. We’re in the process of we will be lapping those numbers coming up in the second quarter. That did contribute significantly to our growth. That being said, when you look at some of the other core customers that we do business with those numbers are also up in double digits as well so its good growth all the way around.
Paul Wagstaff: I can speak to the baking and oil side, we feel that we did pass through the commodity cost declines that occurred last year back in January time period. We feel that we priced our costs very similar in the right balance with our pricing. I think we’ve been rewarded for that. That’d be my response.
Vince Byrd: It hasn’t really changed significantly since we had that same question the last quarter. Again, on the core skus it’s going to be up in the 85% to 95% range. There are some flanker skus that are not anywhere near those ranges yet and then we’re poised to introduce the new item towards the end of the fiscal year. I guess the way to think about it though on the core skus it’s pretty much where we want it to be but there’s some incremental gain. The growth continues its capacity that we’re working on as much as anything.
Vince Byrd: That’s a very good question. As you know it exceeded our expectations but we would certainly hope we can continue with double digit growth for the next two or three years at a minimum.
Vince Byrd: It’s been received very positively. It has been implemented by the majority of accounts and certainly most retailers likely have a better everyday low price for their consumer. I’d say overall it’s been very positive. However, our major competitor at this point has not followed us.Chuck Cerankosky and Alex – North Coast Research: You mentioned a couple times about supply chain efficiencies, I was wondering if you could just give a little more color around that is that a result of scale or other things you guys are doing as well.
Vince Byrd: You obviously see the share of market information and you know that private label has grown but back to the strength of our brands for the most part we’ve been able to hold or gain share. A key component of that is we have to monitor all of our pricing points to make sure that we’re providing value to our consumer’s everyday.
Vince Byrd: Let me clarify the comment. We’ve done nothing to change the physical purchases of coffee. This is a bit of technical issue but because we went from LIFO to FIFO the layer was eliminated and just by definition that puts you at a longer position relative to your hedging strategy. We do not anticipate at this point necessarily changing the pricing transparency that is with the trade and that’s been explained before. I don’t know that I would say there’s any more risk to the business or upside to the business it’s just that by definition we have a longer position of coffee by eliminating the LIFO layer. Like all commodities though we’ll obviously look to see where we’re positioned and make pricing changes up or down. During this particular period as Mark mentioned earlier we were in a favorable position but not to a point to enact a pricing change.Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research : Given that spot green coffee costs were up in the quarter is it fair to say then and yet your margins benefited and yet you had some very nice above normalized margins is it fair to say that you benefited from some legacy hedges or from some hedges that were already in place.
Vince Byrd: Absolutely.Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research : If I remember correctly in the second quarter of last year you had something like $0.30 per share of course that was on the old share base of mark to market losses that were in your numbers. Just as we look at the second quarter comps, really look at forecasting for the second quarter of fiscal ’09 should we be, I know you can’t tell what the positions are going to be at the end of the quarter but should the presence of those mark to market losses last year be a nice benefit or are there offsets that I’m missing.
Vince Byrd: This is probably one of the first quarters that we’ve had an opportunity to significantly change the coffee business given how far our plans typically are in the marketplace. You also have to remember a year ago the former owner would have been their end of fiscal year and they were going through the Hercules product transition. Clearly the focus of our sales and marketing efforts in the quarter made an impact on driving the business and we believe that will continue into the future.
Vince Byrd: We’re not going to an EDLP strategy 100% with trade. What we basically did was take about a third or 25% of our trade monies and put them into price. We clearly still have trade funds to promote during the key promotional periods but again that will enable the consumer to get an everyday better price then come promotional period time we’re not going to as deep as what we did previously because we put those monies into everyday pricing. I just want to clarify we haven’t eliminated all promotional funding during key time periods.
Vince Byrd: Actually I would say yes and it’s positive, there’s been a couple major retailers make some changes based upon recommendations that we believe it provides better shopping section for the consumer, it’s much, much easier. Each retailer is a little bit different when they look at their sets and their skus but we’ll work with them wherever we can but there have been very major changes that occurred over the last quarter.
Vince Byrd: I would say at this point in time the assumptions that we discussed last quarter are all still in tact.
