Mark Belgya: Welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call, thank you for joining us. Also on the call from the company are Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO who is joining us remotely, and with me today in Orrville are Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and Co-CEO, Vince Byrd, President of our Coffee Business, Steve Oakland, President of Smuckers, Jif, and Hungry Jack, Mark Smucker, President of our Special Markets and Paul Wagstaff, President Oils and Baking. After this brief introduction I will turn the call over to Tim for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter and Richard will provide closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments we will be available to answer your questions. If you’ve not seen our press release it is available on our website at Smuckers.com. A replay of this call is available on the website. If you have any follow up questions or comments after today’s call please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, Director of Investor Relations. I would like to remind you that in both the prepared comments and during the question and answer period that follows, we may make forward looking statement that reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning such forward looking statements.  I also want to point out that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release and on our website. I’ll now turn the call over to Tim.
Mark Belgya: Clearly our margins have well exceeded but we had a target prior to Folgers of 15% operating margin. We felt at the time that was a good target for the size company we were in. We’ve clearly eclipsed that. I guess I would bring you back to the commentary we really had since the first quarter we owned the Coffee business. We continue to exceed those margins anywhere pick the number between 400 and 600 basis points. We are in a good spot. Having said that though, I think as time passes we will come to the market with some sort of operating margin target. I think its important that now we’re going to take a step back and we will look at opportunities to drive margin expansion. I know the question was asked time and again last quarter about synergies and we’ve concluded the discussion there that we’ve achieved the $80 million. We’re not going to stop and rest on our laurels there. We’ll continue to look in our business units to see if there are opportunities to expand the margins, that’s where the challenge of each of the Presidents and their respective teams have.
Mark Belgya: I think you’re referring to Richard’s comments. We didn’t change anything in terms of the components that we gave out to determine cash flow. We’re not suggesting that the cash flow number itself is the same. As we’ve said in the past and this is still true with our updated guidance, we still think that EPS range excluding the amortization is a fairly good proxy for a cash flow per share number.
Mark Belgya: If you look from the highest levels, if you look at it from a gross profit and an SD&A level clearly gross profit is driving the over delivery of income. Some of that, as we said throughout the call and throughout the last couple quarter is driven around the commodity costs. As we said, we also had efficiencies this quarter particularly in Coffee but across some of our other operational areas that we’ve been able to lower costs and with increased volume have favorable overhead absorption. Some of that will continue. Clearly the commodity will drive some of that. On the SD&A side I would say that its a little higher then we had originally directed earlier in the year. Part of that is as we went through our synergies originally we of course had to take some cuts on where we felt it would fall on cost of goods sold and SD&A. As its turned out we’ve had probably a little bit more savings in the cogs area so that too has driven the historical or the year to date gross profit and a little bit less in the SD&A side which is driven a little higher SD&A for the year to date and also going into the back half of the year. Going back to my earlier comment on productivity improvement the intent is to continue to drive profit dollars so we realize that we have set some high standards and we’re going to continue to look at opportunities to improve margins in each of the business areas.
Mark Belgya: I’d have to work through it but I don’t think that’s way off because like I said before, most of it is from gross profit and commodities too played a big part of that.
Mark Belgya: I think if you look back, Richard made the comment that last year was certain an anomaly in terms of the percent of our back half of the year profits between third and fourth quarter. The second and third quarter obviously are key fall bake and holiday promotional periods, the majority of the profits fall into those two quarters. I think if you look back a year prior, historically we think that’s a better reflection of what the back half will fall in terms of the third and fourth quarter.
Mark Belgya: One last comment, a little different then some of our peers, we really do focus on investing in the equity of our brands. We’re not necessarily out there trying to get a period, we’re certainly supporting our fall bake period but we really do invest our brands and we expect that carry over to be more then just the next three months.
Mark Belgya: To draw a conclusion to your question on the marketing. What we do have is in the year end disclosures we said that our sales and marketing as a percent would be about 10% we had been running below that last year. For the year its probably 10.1% to 10.2% and that would be the marketing. 
Mark Belgya: Note that the $4.5 billion is a pretty rounded number. We will be down, depending on how you want to take that rounding. In terms of the volume price mix we don’t typically get into that. We would say that volume is probably somewhat reflective of what we saw in the quarter would be good. Pricing laps in January for most of the baking. I don’t think FX would have a significant impact. That’s probably the three areas that we would comment generally on.
Mark Belgya: This may sound a bit like an old record but first of all yes we cannot buy back any stock until next November, its a two year time period from the November 6th close date so it will be November 6th next year. I would say that we have said that the likelihood of a “special dividend” is not very likely. That was part of the transaction and I don’t want to speak for the Board in terms of the quarterly dividend but we clearly stated our policies to pay 40%. We typically do look at that dividend in April and we do realize the cash flow is significant so I’m sure the Board will take that into consideration. I would also point out on the buy back we do have 3.7 million shares outstanding so in the event that it made financial sense to do that next November we are positioned from having the shares available to repurchase.
Mark Belgya: Its going to go back to how high it potentially goes because we probably won’t be able to maintain the margins that we’re maintaining currently as a percent. Again its a dollar target that we’re going to be shooting for. Clearly we would hope that we’d be able to keep those, I’ll say almost regardless of pricing at 30% or slightly above. That will vary depending on how high the coffee market goes.
Mark Belgya: The reason for it was a couple specific things. We did record some additional compensation expense in the quarter and then some higher then planned expenses around some of our shared services like legal and some tax and the like. As I said earlier on our SD&A or G&A in particular we made some assumptions when we put the synergies out there and we talked earlier this year in our target of SD&A of 20%.  I think what you have there is pretty reflective from a dollar perspective, it might be up a little bit because typically we do see some timing where expenses come in, in the back half of the year versus the front half. Of course realize that with sales being less in the second half versus the first you look at it just as a percent it likely will increase. I’d like to make a point of clarification too, there was an earlier question around the Coffee the $800 to $850 million. That actually did include the special market coffee as well.
Tim Smucker: I would like to begin by summarizing the key highlights for the quarter.  We delivered the highest quarterly sales and earnings results in our history. Sales were up 52% mainly due to the addition of Folgers, profits were up in each business segment, non-GAAP earnings per share were up 21%, and cash from operations exceeded $210 million. As we celebrate the one year anniversary of completing the Folgers merger, the coffee business performance continues to exceed our expectations.  Our strategy of owning number one brands positions us to perform well in today’s economic environment where consumers are eating at home more and placing even greater emphasis on value. We generally benefit as we did this quarter with volume increases across many of our retail categories. Operating margin continues to expand significantly driven by the profitability of the coffee business. In addition, many of our core businesses also realized margin gains due to the lower commodity costs and synergy benefits. We continue to invest in our brands as evidenced by an increase in marketing expenses of over 70% for the quarter currently in support of the fall bake and holiday periods. Now let me emphasize some key points on each of the four business segments. We experienced another strong quarter in coffee in both sales and profits. Our ongoing focus on the Folgers brand led to growth in traditional roast and ground. The continued expansion of Dunkin Donuts coffee and gourmet also added to the growth of the business. We have made tremendous progress in the 12 months we have owned the coffee business. We quickly achieved all key integration milestones thanks to the efforts of our dedicated employees which was really exceptional and I want to really pay attention to what tremendous effort was put in to by each of our employees. Also, we focused on opportunities to grow the brand. We recently completed two new commercials which emphasize that Folgers is the best part of waking up. One of these spots is currently airing for the holidays with the other set for January. In addition, during the quarter we began airing a new television ad for Dunkin Donuts coffee emphasizing the exceptional taste that is now available where you shop for groceries. We are utilizing a wide array of marketing elements for our coffee brands and as several new products and developments to grow our largest product category.  In the Consumer segment volume was essentially flat with gains in peanut butter, pancake mixes and syrups offsetting declines in fruit spreads. Sales in Consumer were unfavorably impacted by the mix of products sold.  In line with eating at home and back to baking trends our Oils and Baking segment delivered good volume growth with both Crisco and Pillsbury brands increasing. Sales for this segment were down as expected primarily on price decreases taken in various categories. Based on category data for the 12 week period our Pillsbury frostings are now the number one brand in volume sales. This is a significant milestone for the business and is the result of our focus on product quality, innovation of new products, and marketing support. We are now more then half way through this year’s fall bake and holiday periods. We have a combination of new products, good merchandising programs and marketing investments. We expect a strong finish to the remainder of the season. Finally, sales in the Special Markets segment increased 15% due to the addition of Folgers. Volume gains were realized in Canada, primarily in the baking and pickles category. The Food Service and Natural Foods areas continue to be challenged mainly due to the impact of the current economic environment. In summary, we delivered another quarter of strong financial results. The contribution from our coffee business continues to exceed our expectations. We continue to support our brands with record levels of investment spending and new advertising emphasizing the brand equity. With our strategy of owning number one brands we are well positioned to meet the needs of both our consumers and retailers. I would now like to turn the call back to Mark to have him review the financial results for the quarter.
Tim Smucker: Let me add to what Vince said. Its sort of a mindset with our company. Every employees makes a difference but every customer makes a difference and every consumer makes a difference. The more our employees understand that, our team understands that, that makes a huge difference in going to market.
Tim Smucker: Thank you all for your interest and the time on the call this morning. Let us all wish you many, many memorable meals and memorable moments over the Thanksgiving period.
Richard Smucker: We had another record quarter with the fall bake and holiday sales starting off strong and good momentum going into the second half of the year. In support of our brands, we have made significant investments in advertising, incorporating both traditional and emerging media. As we have stated before, our company’s purpose is to assist families in coming together to share memorable meals and moments. We continually reinforce this message through our consumer communications be it television, print, event marketing, public relations, or digital media. For example, we developed a special vignette on this topic which will air on NBC Figure Skating series throughout the winter. In addition, over the last year we have produced 19 new television ads most of which are currently airing during this fall period. Tim mentioned the new Folgers and Dunkin Donuts coffee spots that we have run. We have prepared three new Smucker commercials adding to the Smucker’s boys campaign emphasizing the heritage and quality of the brand. We continue to extend our Choosy Mom’s campaign for Jif Peanut Butter emphasizing the importance of quality with this brand. We continued our Crisco Olive Oil television advertising this fall. These ads have had a positive effect on the brand as a whole, elevating the brands perception across all of our Crisco products. For the first time since we’ve owned the business, we have several new Pillsbury commercials on air emphasizing our product quality, the breadth of our innovative offerings, and featuring the iconic Dough Boy. Hopefully you will see a number of our ads during the holiday season. Our multi-brand promotions are important because they provide an anchor for our retail merchandising events with our customers across the country. We recently distributed a nine page national FSI featuring eight of our brands. The FSI showcases the quality of our trusted family of brands and is the first holiday overlay to include Folgers coffee. In addition, each major brand included in the overlay has television advertising support during the holiday season supplemented with print advertising in over 60 national magazines. Finally, we are using digital communications for almost all of our brands. Consumers are responding well to our marketing efforts and we are seeing good performance from our portfolio of products. We are very pleased with our financial results for the first six months of the fiscal year. As a result, we are comfortable raising our outlook for the year. We continue to expect net sales of approximately $4.5 billion.  We anticipate income per diluted share excluding merger and integration costs in the range of $3.95 to $4.05 an increase from the high end of our $3.65 to $3.80 range that we previously had. Amortization of approximately $0.40 per share is included in our forecast. Excluding amortization our new forecast is $4.35 to $4.45 per share.  Based on the expanded guidance we anticipate EBITDA will exceed $970 million which is ahead of our previous estimates. We are maintaining our outlook on the cash flow items that we provided you in June except for capital expenditures which we now expect to be approximately $150 million. There are several factors we considered in looking at the second half of the year to determine our guidance. First, we are still operating in a very challenging economy and as such we remain cautiously optimistic. Second, we have just completed our first year of operating the coffee business. As a result, top line comparisons will now normalize with coffee included in both years. Finally, as a reminder, the charges related to commodity derivatives were generally reversed in the second half of last year, resulting in a favorable impact. As you may recall, last year’s fourth quarter performance was exceptionally strong and we do not expect to repeat it. Although we normally do not comment on quarters last year’s fourth quarter was higher then last year’s third quarter, contributing 55% of the second half of the year’s earnings per share. This is not our typical trend so we expect this year to be a more normal pattern between the third and the fourth quarters. In summary, first, we had another record quarter in a challenging economic environment. Second, we are off to a good start in fall bake and the holiday period and are well positioned with new products and advertising. Third, we are confident in our prospects and have raised our outlook for the year. Fourth, we believe that our strategy of owning number one brands positions us well for future growth. Finally, we want to thank our employees for their efforts. We would not have been able to achieve our success without their talent and their dedication. Thank you for your time today and now we’ll be happy to answer your questions.
Richard Smucker: Obviously whenever we can and whenever we see the margins where they are we try to invest a little bit more in the brands and the advertising. We’ve taken advantage of investing behind these brands a little more then we normally would.
Richard Smucker: Mark can probably cover that offline afterwards but we were up 70% in our marketing spend and our sales were up 53%. You can see that we made significant more investing in the brand then probably in a normal quarter. As Mark said, this is throughout the year its not going to be just one quarter.
Richard Smucker: I think Scott asked the question how do you do an ROI on that. To be honest, its a long term ROI its not a quarter by quarter ROI. We definitely have seen it in long term results and seen it in share of market over periods of years as opposed to periods of months.
Paul Wagstaff: Regarding Oils, we have seen about 10% increase in the cost of oil since last time we talked first quarter. As you know, we are covered through our fall bake time period and that would be with all of our key commodities. As we look at pricing we are looking at pricing as first the calendar year and that’s typical what we would do. Again, I think we’ve been relatively transparent in all of our key commodities and how we price it with our customers. I think we’d be comfortable if the commodities are a rate that we need to make an increase or decrease that we would do that.
Paul Wagstaff: I’d also add that on Pillsbury, again we’re advertising that brand for the first time in the bake aisle since we’ve owned it and again we expect to continue to do that.
Paul Wagstaff: Yes we are lapping in January oil, shortening and flour. Milk won’t be until June of next year. We look at all of our pricing at the end of the fall bake time period so we won’t make any decision on going forward with our pricing until after the holidays and obviously we watch the commodity marketing closely on that. At this point we don’t have any announcements to make.
Paul Wagstaff: Yes, you’re correct, there has been some competitive activity. I would like to point out, on the Crisco business even with that competitive situation we have been able to grow the base volume by about 12%. We feel comfortable and confident going forward that with the retailers we do think they understand, we’ve been very transparent with them with the commodity pricing that as they see costs go up and it hits a certain point or percent we will be pass the price through and we don’t think there’s any reason that they wouldn’t accept that.
Paul Wagstaff: I’d probably say Oils is one of our most challenging categories we have. Again, private label is the dominant player in that category so I think going forward that will be our challenge.Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research: Any of the others that anybody else there might want to highlight.
Paul Wagstaff: Yes, during the canned milk piece what’s happening is again with fall bake our quarter falls right in the middle of fall bake. When you look at last year we had some promotions that were going on in October that are this year going on in November. A decent amount of that volume decrease is due to timing of promotions. I’d also say from a regional baking business we had discontinued some regional brands here this past year and we’re seeing the effects of that this fall bake.
Vince Byrd: As you know, we’ve commented earlier that we’re out about 18 to 22 weeks on coffee. You probably have followed the market, Arabica coffee has increased from the first quarter to the second quarter. Although we anticipate being in pretty good shape for the third quarter we do anticipate some increases in the fourth. However, as long as that’s inside or outside of our pricing guidelines, if we need to we’ll adjust price at that point.
Vince Byrd: What we did is basically took a very significant portion of our trade spend and put it into everyday price. If an account was actually already an EDLP account that was most likely no effect. If you were a high/low account your everyday price was reduced and then your promotional price may not be as deep as it has been historically. Secondly, as you know, we announced that and started to implement that back in the first quarter and our major competitor did not follow until about two weeks ago that we received confirmation that for the most part they have followed that strategy almost penny for penny and that will be implemented as we understand sometime in our third quarter or after the beginning of the new calendar year. Did that contribute to our growth? I would say that yes it probably did. Folgers grew over 4% during the second quarter as it did in the first quarter. I wouldn’t contribute it all to that. I think there are a number of factors from our sales team, our marketing efforts, multi-branding promotional activities etc. that probably contributed to that growth.
Vince Byrd: I hate to say they’re all priorities but to be honest with you we have said from day one if we don’t grow Red Can we’re not going to be able to grow the rest of the coffee business and fund the activities for the other business. I think we’ve also stated before that the margins on Dunkin are very good and healthy and so that’s helping fund other activities as well. The number one priority was to make sure that we grow the core Red Can business and get that back on track and invest in some of the core equities, “The Best Park of Waking Up” etc. We’ve done that successfully for three quarters but again we’ve only owned the business for one year. We still have a lot of work ahead of us. All three are at the top of our list.
Vince Byrd: From a macro perspective you’re obviously again correct that a number of retailers are looking at their skus and going through sku reductions. It gets back though to owing and marketing number one food brands because even if our skus may be reduced typically we end up being very favorable in those sku reduction opportunities and whether our competitor would lose fringe skus or they lose entire brands sometimes. It ends up increasing the turn business in our case.  In the cases where we don’t have number one brands there have been some areas that we have lost business. From an overall perspective we have netted out to be very favorable in that process.
Vince Byrd: I don’t think any of us think any of the categories are easy, to be honest with you. I think if you talk absolute size obviously we’re watching the Coffee business everyday. I think all of us feel that we’re watching the competitive activity on all of our brands.
Vince Byrd: As well as we’ve taken a look at the products that we offer and we’ve improve the product quality we believe that there was an opportunity to raise that to be more consistent with what is offered at the consumer level.
Vince Byrd: We break out the coffee so you can see that as part of the special markets but I don’t think we disclose that.
Vince Byrd: I suppose we’ll know better as we get through the O&D period or the holiday bake period because again our promotional price points that at least we are funding will not be as low as maybe has been historical. I should caveat to say as you know if you look at a lot of ads by key retailers there’s usually some items with block leaders whether it be turkey’s or whatever and we’re finding coffee is a drawer as well.  I think what its doing is what we want it to do is to increase the everyday turn business and not be so dependent upon the promotional volume. I’ll probably be in a better position to answer that after the third quarter.
Vince Byrd: No we’re really not. Again if you think about a number of the major retailers are already basically on an EDLP approach anyway. There wasn’t much change in what those consumers thought. We believe its better to provide that consumer with everyday better price then try to train them to always just buy it on deal.
Vince Byrd: I’m not sure that we know that the exact percentages are but I think its fair to say early on we suggested that maybe some of the key food retailers were underdeveloped and then alternatively some of the alternative channels were overdeveloped versus what Smucker business percentages looked like. Again, in a very short period of time our team is able to focus on some of those retailers that maybe were underdeveloped to bring them more in line with Smucker’s overall business.
Steve Oakland: One other thing we are benefiting from this year with the economic situation and the advertising and media purchasing environment, we had great synergy. The addition of Folgers business has made us much more effective. Those dollars that we’re spending have really gone farther this year as well. We’ve been able to do, as Richard mentioned in his opening comments, a number of new commercials, we’ve done a tremendous amount of that. We’ve been able to put them in places efficiently that had been hard to do over the last couple years. We think that’s going to have benefit but its going to benefit over the long term.
Steve Oakland: We’ve seen that happen and obviously its been very public. Several of the large retailers are doing that across categories. The Smucker’s brand, the Jif brand have benefited from that. We’re in all of those segments, we’re in all of those retailers. In most cases we’re they’re partner, we’re they’re analytic partner or category captain so we’re helping them do that. Its important that we take a category view of this but typically if you had the shares that we have in those categories you’re going to benefit. There’s been a couple cases, potatoes and things where we’ve lost a few items but the core Red Box potatoes have made up for that where we are number one. I think its really made us feel even better about our strategy.
Steve Oakland: Even though something like fruit spreads might not have the competitive set we challenge ourselves for real growth in those categories. Sometimes even though its not the competitor you’re trying to get inside the consumer’s pantry and on their table more often, those can be challenges as well. We try to challenge our teams on all of the pieces.Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research: Anything to talk about on instant coffee. You’ve got a nice market position in that, Starbucks might be legitimizing that part of coffee and I’m wondering what you can talk about there.
