Richard K. Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As you know last week we announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire Big Heart Pet Brands. We are excited to be adding this business to the Smucker portfolio as a third platform for growth along with our existing food and coffee businesses. We look forward to sharing more on the transaction when we present at Cagney next week. As we work to close the acquisition by the end of the fiscal year, we remain sharply focused on our existing businesses and we will continue to execute on our plans and initiatives. To that end the remainder of our prepared comments today will address the third quarter performance and the outlook for our current business. Let me began with an overview of the third quarter results. Our Coffee segment performance reflected many of the competitive dynamics that we discussed on our last call in November. While volume and sales trend showed improvement from the second quarter. Coffee results fell slightly short of our expectations for the third quarter. However, we were pleased with the solid performance of all of our other businesses. Total company net sales declined 2% compared to the prior year, reflecting modest declines in each of our three segments. In coffee, lower volume for the Folgers brand was essentially offset by a higher price realization. The Dunkin Donuts brand performed well with volume inline with a strong quarter in the prior year. Cafe Bustelo volume was up 5%. Within consumer foods, volume gains were achieved in a number of our key brands and categories following a successful holiday season. Most notably, volume was up in Jif Peanut Butter, Smucker’s fruit spreads, Crisco oils and Uncrustables frozen sandwiches. The previously announced price decreases on Jif and Crisco drove the next sales decline compared to the prior year. Lastly, the International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment excluding the impact of foreign currency and the foodservice business rationalization net sales increased. We are encouraged to have fully lapsed the business rationalization impact in the quarter and look forward to improve top line trends for the segments as we move ahead. Non-GAAP operating income was down $22 million or 8% which was entirely driven by a 17% decline in coffee segment profit. Consumer foods and International, Foodservice and Natural Foods achieved strong segment profit growth of 9% and 13% respectively for the quarter. Overall this resulted in non-GAAP earnings per share of a $1.54 compared to a $1.61 in the prior year. As Mark will discuss in a moment, we are adjusting our guidance approach for the rest of this year as we expect the Big Heart Pet Brands acquisitions to close during the fourth quarter which will have a significant impact on reported results. However, at a high level we continue to anticipate the consumer foods and International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segments well deliver full-year results in line with our most recent guidance. Coffee results in the fourth quarter are now projected to fall slightly shorter of our previous expectations. While we are disappointed with our Coffee business for this fiscal year, we still firmly believe that it’s a great category; we have grown segment profit in five out of the six years that we’ve owned it. While the category is evolving we are participating and not just the traditional segment, but also in the segments driving category growth. With anticipated stabilization in green coffee costs and our current initiatives, we expect to get coffee back on track for next fiscal year. Finally, the organizational changes announced on Monday provide continued talented leadership across our business. These changes were designed to continue to drive our core businesses of consumer foods and coffee, while allowing Vince with 38 years of experience at Smucker’s to focus along with the Dave West on a smooth integration of the pet food business and achieving our targeted $200 million in synergies. We look forward to welcoming Dave West to our team which we believe is one of the best in the industry. With that, I will now turn the call over to Vince, for further comments on our business segments.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, first of all we feel very strong about our team, we’ve got as I said confidence in our team and the best team in the industry we believe and we’ve made some obviously significant changes just recently which we announced earlier this week. Aligning the right people to head the right businesses to make that happen and then bringing Dave West on board who has got tremendous experience and Dave and Vince working hand-in-hand to make sure the integration goes well and that we hit the synergies and Mark and Steve driving the base businesses. We really feel good about the team and the excitement around here is palpable. I mean our team is very, very excited to get there to get into the pet food business. So we are very confident in the team that we’ve got and very excited about the talent that we’re getting from Big Heart Pet food business and combined with our talent, we are very confident.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard, I’ll start. Obviously we had two significant changes in the past several months, first was Paul’s departure and then second was the addition of Big Heart Pet Brands, either one of those required us to relook at our organizational structure and combined obviously it gave us the need and opportunity to restructure. So those were the drivers and as I said earlier, I think the team that we have in place and where we put them in terms of their new responsibilities really plays upon their strengths. Steve Oakland has been here 32 years, has run most of our key businesses over the years and was our general manager and established a whole Canadian business years ago. So he has got great capabilities and skills to run the coffee business. Mark has run everything except for the consumer businesses. So we have the opportunity to put Mark in that role to run consumer side of the business food side and then Vince as I mentioned has 38 years of experience and knows where all the bones are buried and so his combination along with Dave West will have real opportunities to drive that integration. So it’s very successful. And then again, we are going to get a lot of talent I think from the big heart team in Dave West group, so those are what drove it and that’s why we made the changes and that’s why I think we are very confident that we’ve got the right leadership team in place.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, it is I would say that the trends are very typical from a store brand standpoint and those brands tend to run short in their coverage from what we understand.
Richard K. Smucker: Akshay, I cant’ break it down between purchase frequency, dosing the Brewer less. We don’t have that granularity, but when we’ve seen declines in the past it typically is partly driven by consumers making maybe 8 cups instead of 10 in the home maybe putting one less scoop in, so there is - there typically could be less usage which in turn could drive not instead of an 85-day purchase cycle for example maybe they are buying their next round of coffee in 95 days. I mean it’s hard to guess that level of granularity, but that’s how we think about it.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, this is Richard, just in general in terms of the economic impact with the economy we still look at the consumer based in three buckets, the top thirds doing well, the lower thirds still challenged in terms of consumer and the middle third actually starting to do a little bit better especially with gas prices coming down and I think we’ve seen a little bit of that for get to coffee for just a minute. But just in general we see a little tick-up in our business in the months of December and January in terms of the consumers being willing to loosen up their pocket book a little bit and we think that has a lot to do with the gas prices coming down and just some optimisms. So consumer confidence is up, you’ve seen the numbers. So we think that is going to bode well for our business overall next year and actually we’ve seen it a little bit this year, but that’s from a macro sense how we view it. I don’t know if any other guys want to. I think that covers it.
Richard K. Smucker: And I would just add to that. I think you are right Chuck, primarily the store is growing and as peoples have a little more money in their pocket they are willing to spend a little more on fresh products in the perimeter of the store. And that certainly has an impact on the center of the store, but as we know the retailer still make majority of their money on the center of the store and we are doing with the exception of coffee which we are talked about we’re doing very well in the center of the store.
Richard K. Smucker: Tim and I know Jim very well, and I’ve known him for years and I’ve a lot of respect for Jim, and as we said we are great that Dave West is joining the team and our observers that are going to be part of this, part of our board activity. They are all - good backgrounds in CPG. So hopefully we gain from their experience and we think that will be very helpful as we look at our business down the road. So we are looking forward to that.
Richard K. Smucker: May I just add to that when we talked about the amortization and our cash flow per share, we are going to start focusing more on that and showing more information about our cash flow per share going forward because our earnings per share really doesn’t tell the whole story of this company and how much cash we generate and we’ve got probably more cash flow per share versus earnings per share than most people in the CPG industry and so we need to get that message out.
Richard K. Smucker: Hey, Robert let me start. And then I will turn it over to Mark, but these are same issues in concerns we heard when the day that we acquired this business, that we are facing this growing premium segment. And how we are going to compete on our Folgers mainstream and we’ve demonstrated that we took a brand that was supposed to be $50 million to over $350 million. We had this growing concern of single serve and how were we going to compete and we’re the first national brand to participate. And so clearly, this past year we’ve had an issue with our mainstream roast and ground, but I think if you look at our history of our innovation, our supply chain initiatives that we’ve done, we’ve navigated our way through some pretty significant category and consumer trends and very significant changes in our cost of our green coffee. Fairly, as Richard and I said in our prepared remarks and as Mark has articulated we aren’t happy with where it is today. But we still think the Folgers brand is great, we still believe there are growth opportunities. And there are other opportunities for us that we believe will come to fruition down the pike. So I just would like to frame it in, in that matter and trust us.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, we’d like to thank everybody for being on today we are looking forward to seeing everybody at Cagney next week. We’ve got some more talk about Big Heart Pet food next week. And also talk about our strategy moving forward. So thank you all for being on and we will see you next week.
Mark T. Smucker: Hey, Eric, this is Mark Smucker. Yes, on the fourth quarter what were basically seeing is - there is two key things. We expect that the promotional efficiencies that have been not as great as we would have like or going to how they continue in the fourth quarter and there is a lot of competition we still have there is a competitive launch in the premium segment. But the other thing is we are laughing our lowest green coffee cost from last year. So we experienced the lowest green coffee cost in our fourth quarter last year and that’s really what’s driving it. So, rather than invest more than we have we feel that our pricing is right where we need to be and we are going to weather it.
Mark T. Smucker: So Ken this is Mark just answering your question. I’m actually really excited about the change, because as Richard said I haven’t run these businesses, there is a lot of brands in there nascent name sake business of course but obviously peanut butter being critical and so its exciting and having the opportunity to allow the natural foods piece to run autonomously, but yet fit in the same organizational structure allows for us to make sure that we're meeting the needs of both of those customers. So, yes, I’m very excited. Do I miss Paul on a personal level? Sure, but I think that the changes that were announced were quite logical.
Mark T. Smucker: Hey, Farha, this is Mark Smucker. Great question, obliviously that’s the one that we have been discussing here internally. And so the short answer is yes, we do think as the business growth, we can’t get back to the levels that we have previously seen. I would remind you that we did have some very significant supply chain restructuring that help deliver some of that growth, clearly the results this year are largely volume driven. So I think over the next two to three years we should start to see a lot of that those dollars come back. We actually are very confident in these last several months that we are making the right decisions on this business to return much of that profitability over the next couple of three years. And so we think that as we sort of transition organizationally, we’ll be leaving the business in good hands with Steve, but in a direction that should help to deliver those results. I guess if I could just take one minute and just talk about some of the – Vince touched on it, in the first question why we’re optimistic. And I put in three buckets, consumer, brands and consumption trends. On the consumer, we are seeing consumers come back into the category slower than we thought, slowly increasing the purchase frequency. We confirmed that there has been no consumer demographic shift. Now on the brand, we still outpaced our competition on the Folgers brand and we know that Dunkin brand has very strong coffee equity versus some of the other café offerings out there. And then finally just on the consumption trends we also know that over 80% of cups consumed at home are still traditional roast and ground. And so the fact all of those dynamics and the fact that we’re still participating in every segment we feel confident that we can gain growth.
Mark T. Smucker: David, its Mark here. So I think it is reasonable to expect that we will get some of the volume back given the downsize it probably will not all come back, but there will be from a unit perspective we do respect unit growth. And then the first part of your question just around the second quarter, I think we said last quarter we were surprised by the elasticity. Yes the elasticity we’ve seen mirrors the elasticity when we had even higher [revenue] cost a few years ago. And so having a promoted on shelf price that was significantly higher than our competition was clearly a reason for that, but again the speed that which we went up basically overnight from 699 to sort of an 899 level, we saw the consumer react to that. So when you look back over these past four, five, six months you’ll see that the winner was store brand and to a lesser degree we’ve experienced some large growth on our opening price point offerings. And so the dynamics did surprises a little bit so going back to my previous answer about why we are optimistic I think that we have a lot of the right things in place, the ability to sharpen our price points in the next fiscal year to should help to bring a lot of that growth back.
Mark T. Smucker: No, in fact I mean I think we talked this last quarter, we actually have seen in a few select retailers not sizable one that perhaps over skewed on the single-serve section and you are actually now returning some of the shelf space to us, but to answer your question in the last six months we have not lost.\
Mark T. Smucker: Alexia its Mark again, Mark Smucker. So we did talk last time also about this margin compression and so we have seen our K-Cup below the segment average and so we did invest in the first couple of quarters of this year. However, we took the price increase in January and do expect that margins will improve at least in the near-term, but we may see a little softness in volume.
Mark T. Smucker: Thanks Alexia, the main stream, not a lot of pullback and I would say there is some of that. If you look at the share numbers or the consumption numbers again private label or store brand tended to win and even though our main competitor faired a little better than us their consumption trends were also down.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes sure, there are some research that we do and it does look like consumers may have less coffee in total in their pantry, but I cant quantify that.
Mark T. Smucker: Hey, Jason, this is Mark Smucker. You’re right some household penetration is down on the Folgers brand, but that’s why we are participating in all these other segments. So that the fragmentation model, I think there’s some truth to that so on one hand we are in all other segments, we are getting growth, we’ve done real well on our Folgers K-Cups. And then just as you think about some of the things that you can hear next week, when Vince present the Cagney about some of the mainstream innovation that we’ve got coming on the stream in the fall in a small scale, but more broadly after that, we believe should still be able to show up our business in the mainstream if not the same as itself.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes, Eric, this is obviously Vince, and now I can turn it to Mark for more color and we’ll provide a little more detail at Cagney next week. But as we look forward the reason we are confident that roasting ground can improve its trends, it’s all about being more competitive on shelf. And there is two main drivers that will help us do that is the Canister downsize, where we will pass those savings on to our consumers, we believe green coffee cost probably as we go to second quarter on will probably give us some relief. Both of those things will make us more competitive either everyday are on promotion. We have some great innovation that’s in the pipeline that we are looking forward to and we’ll explain more on that at Cagney next week. But we do believe we’ll be able to grow this business, get it back on track earlier into our second quarter of next year.
Vincent C. Byrd: Andrew, this is Vince. I would say in a general sense we’ve always said that we try to be as transparent as we can with our pricing and pass it on up or down as we need to maintain our margins. You may recall in peanut butter we did get sort of upside down with peanut cost a couple of years ago because we had to intensify growers to grow peanuts in that being a very large bumper crop and at the end of the day our competitors where in the better positioned to benefit from that and we were because of the commitment we had to make being the largest procure of peanuts in the United States. Accordingly then we had to be more competitive on shelf, so we did some pricing and promotional activities ahead of when our costs were actually realized. We are now and it’s one other reason our consumer foods segment is had a nice run as of that price cost ratio is where it needs to be. As it relates to coffee I would say that fundamentally that nothing has changes except that the competitive level of promotional activity and debt caused us to go deeper and more frequent then we would have otherwise. And as Mark articulated earlier we try to balance all of those indications, but clearly where coffee costs are it’s had an impact on our volume, but structurally we still think the same way about our pricing mechanisms.
Vincent C. Byrd: Farha, this is Vince. No, I mean obviously we’re watching all of those impacts, but I would say as we look into our fiscal 2016, we see a tailwind in our overall comp structure. Coffee is obviously to be determined, although we believe it too will be favorable. But if you look across our entire portfolio of raw materials, we believe that our raw material costs will be a tailwind as we go into next year. Some of that of course or most of it will be passed on in pricing as we spoke to earlier, so it could affect our bottom line, but we believe we are in overall pretty good position.
Vincent C. Byrd: Hi Chuck its Vince. I’m not sure that maybe going on, but let me just maybe frame in what we have seen on the last 12 weeks. If you look at total retail sales dollars were up about 2.5, tonnage is down a little over one, if you look at the categories that we participate in dollar sales are only up about 1.7 and tonnage is actually down a little more about 2.5. But if you look at us as a manufacturer including coffee and including the down size on our peanut butter business, our sales are down but that’s because we have more deflation, but our tonnage is down less than either the overall grocery store or the categories we are participating in. So we are going share, and probably more comforting is that you compare to our number one competitor across all of that same landscape they are down 7%. So I think it gets factor, one Richard’s comment center of store is flat to down one kind of number and we're fairing pretty good relative to our competitive set.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes, I guess to add to that kind of playing off the question we just asked for awhile ago the amortization and if you look at once the deal is closed, if you take that $225 million of amortization and dollar rise that’s about a $1.25 a share, so certainly we think of valuing our company that way. So you need to take whatever guidance rage and put another bucket and quarter on it and that gives you maybe a little better value we though of.
Vincent C. Byrd: This is Vince. I mentioned earlier a couple of things, we took some price decreases this year on peanut butter and Crisco and we’ll have those going into next year as we look at our input cost across consumer foods and most of those are tend to be tailwinds and so from our top line perspective we will have a negative dollar impact on net sales. In terms of our industry it’s fair to say that I think everyone is saying that our promotional dollars are not as effective as they have been historically and there is a lot of money into the trade right now. We are very comfortable with our promotional strategy, if you look across our brands most of our brands tend to do better, everyday shelf price versus I’d say promotionally driven on the consumer side. And so whenever we can our desire would be get the everyday shelf price right and then tactically promote from half of that and not necessarily a higher frequency or higher deal level. And so I guess I’ll leave it there and…
Mark R. Belgya: David, this is Mark Belgya. There is no deal cost in the fourth quarter guidance reduction. It’s all based in the full-year and it’s the $4.5 million roughly that we incurred this quarter, just to be clear on kind of how this will flow through going forward. Wheat cost we treat as normal gap charges, but now that the deal has been signed as similar as we’ve done in prior deals as you’ll see on our P&L the merger integration lines. And we spoke to these costs when we announced the deal and $225 million, so those will flow through over the course of next three years, those would be excluded from our non-GAAP earnings. So there is no additional deal cost expected in Q4.
Mark R. Belgya: So Akshay, its Mark again we touched on this in the script and in prepared comments, and essentially about half of the decline. And this is back again to last quarter, about half of the decline has do with this sort of the sticker shock, the reduced purchase frequency, consumers taking pause maybe using less coffee that was probably about half. And then of the remainder the shift to single serve was basically where it has been so we didn’t see an acceleration of that shift. In fact if you look at the share trends between the segment you will see that the growth in single service decelerating. And there seems to be some sort of stabilization that might come out of this in the next couple of years. That said, so you have half in a nutshell have to purchasing less coffee just the frequency then the other half is a combination of a normal shift to single served. And then the rest would be shifting to our competitors. And in this case it will be private label and some premium.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, I think yes, I mean it hasn’t do with responsible pricing. We have pulled back a little bit on the frequency and as we get into the next fiscal year, we do expect both our promotional activities as well as the efficiency to return to more normalized levels.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, first of all it’s about supporting the brand, we have to continue to support the brand. We have a great relationship with Dunkin, we enjoyed the halo effect of their advertising as well. There will be a short-term impact which seen plenty of trial on the competitor, but we think from a brand standpoint Dunkin has a very strong coffee equity and that should help carry its weight as we move into the next fiscal year. And then we continue to focus of course on innovation and so there will be - every year we’ve got new products, new flavors all of those things that help support the brand as well. So we think we can weather it.
Mark R. Belgya: Jonathon that is exactly the question we’ve been asking ourselves and we’ve done some work on that and my earlier comment was we haven’t fortunately seen a shift in the demographic base and that does refer to the difference social economic levels the concern might have been that we were learning loosing the most, the least price sensitive consumers to other segments. When we look at the ratios it looks like it’s pretty much the same consumer base that we’ve always had. We do view Folgers within the mainstream segment as the premium, the leader, the price leader all of those things. So we feel good about who our consumer is and then in addition to that we are doing a lot of very deep consumer segmentation work to make sure that our own views of who our consumer is have not changed or maybe they have. So over the next several months we’ll also be updating those data points.
Mark R. Belgya: Chuck this is Mark Belgya. I guess the only thing I would add from innovation standpoint, thought process and how do you sort of take the popularity of the perimeter bring into the center. So if you look at where our innovation, clean label, good and good for you type products snacking is a real focus and you’ve seen some and you will see more and we’ll chat about that next week at Cagney. So we are trying to capitalize at least on the trends that we are seeing outside.
Mark R. Belgya: Jason, this is Mark Belgya. Now it is the $125 million in total its $225 million that includes the existing $100 million Smucker today. Where there might be some confusion depending it upon what research you might have done is they obviously had some of their own amortization. So we are just looking at it, at all incremental, so that would be $125 million.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, it does. I mean obviously we have to revalue all the assets so you kind of you flush their number and add our $125 million in.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, Rob, this is Mark. Yes, of course that is our expectation and with the new capital structure out there our weighted average cost capital changes net to our favor, but yes this business would also deliver on that target.
Mark R. Belgya: I am going to just add to that Vince, our strategy is number one brands in the respective categories we participate in and by that we take the leading position in terms of going up or down in price. And we recognized in the short-term such as example peanut butter, we got upside down on that for a while, but we were willing to hang in there and do what was right for the brand and do brand building or the right pricing and it took us probably 18 months to get our cost price relationship back, but we were responsible and as the leaders in the category and overtime that has still proven as the best strategy. We don’t think that strategy should change for the leaders in each of the categories, certainly that we participate in and overtime that’s the right strategy. We also believe that this is a great time to be in the consumer foods business, believe it or not, although we know it’s extremely competitive right now, brands are still extremely important to consumers and if we treat them right, they will do well in the long-term.
Mark R. Belgya: Hey John, this is Mark Belgya. I would add one other thing, because I agree with everything we said and I think sometimes you through the pass through categorically across all our business and I think its important to think about everything we just said is how we are managing the price and you sort of think of peanut butter and cake mixes and things like that but when you think about innovation as well though you got to think - take Sahale for example. So while we're continuing to do the right thing in pricing, we added Sahale to bring us growth to our consumer food segment or we are introducing products under the Jif or Smucker’s brand that probably longer term once they are in the run model mode, are going to be a positive mix. So we’ll manage the price and we’ll grow that, but we’ll add on with innovation and acquisition to build that overall consumer food segment growth algorithm in the long-term.
