Vincent C. Byrd: I think it’s a very fair question. We obviously finished last year very, very strongly and would say that our margins last year were in very good shape compared to historical levels. The only thing you have to keep in mind on a margin percent basis that’s going to fluctuate depending on where green is at any particular time. Again, we manage the business to try to grow segment profit year-after-year. Again, I think your comment is fair but certainly we think that we can continue to grow the segment profit of this business, but clearly we are not going to do that this fiscal year.
Vincent C. Byrd: Well, I think you’re well aware that our main competitor has entered into a relationship with a national food service operator and will be launching their brand or have launched their brand in both premium and again, that would be the bagged segment as well as in the K-Cups segment. There was a small test done earlier this year and we’re anticipating a national launch of that as we speak. Given their typical pricing strategy we anticipate there will be heightened level of competition.
Vincent C. Byrd: I’ll try to answer your question. I think as Richard noted in his comments, we’re basically dealing with a flat industry and as we - if you’re growing, if you’re not going through innovation, you’re taking share of market from your competitors, there tends to be a lot of trade money in the system today and I think we’re all finding that we’re not getting the lifts that we did historically. In our case, because of coffee prices being higher, we naturally know we’re not going to get as high as a lift as we would at a lower price point, but as Mark has indicated a couple of times, they were even below our expectations. I think ultimately it’s going to be a return of the economy that’s going to need to improve so we can get back on track. Having said that, innovation is very, very key to all manufacturers and retailers and we continue to focus in that arena.
Vincent C. Byrd: Let me take a step back and we can talk about the history of the category and then maybe Richard can talk about how we think about other categories going forward. First of all, I would submit that it’s been a tremendous success that we have added to the company. If you think about when we acquired it, at that time K-Cups or single serve was virtually unknown although it was beginning. The primary driver at that time was the premium or bag coffee segment and at the time the relationship was entered into by the two parties, it was anticipated that would be about a $50 million business and it’s now a $350 million business. Secondly, it wasn’t too long into owning that business, we knew we need to look at our supply chain and our teams did a tremendous job of quite frankly rationalizing our facilities and getting into a strong footprint, primarily within the New Orleans area. Thirdly, we knew that this single serve area was evolving and you had three or four players and quite frankly, all the major players in the coffee category were not successful at that time and you had the emergence of Green Mountain and we quickly aligned with them and we were the first national brand to be part of that system. Then when the Sarah Lee food service opportunity came up, we felt that was a technology and a capability that we would like to have in our arsenal being the liquid coffee technology. But, as stated, and as Steve has mentioned, it was probably a little more challenged than what we thought, but it gets back to our overall premise of waning to compete in all forms and segments and up until this quarter we’ve been successful in growing the segment profit year-on-year. I guess I’ll stop there with the little bit of historical perspective.
Vincent C. Byrd: I would say we’re evaluating it daily. I mean, honestly we, like most CPG companies have a very sophisticated trade marketing group and we evaluate pre and post every promotion, major promotion that we do and I think you do see changing tactics not only by our competitors but by ourselves. I mean, it is a daily activity that that group is working on.
Vincent C. Byrd: I guess I really don’t have anything to add in terms of how we go to market differently. You know, we work with our major retailers and joint business planning out as far as they want to plan. But I really can’t say that there’s been any major change in our go-to-market. Now again, Mark and Paul has spoken to price point things that we’ve looked at from time-to-time but we would consider those to be routine activities we would do every day.
Vincent C. Byrd: I think the answer is yes to your question. We haven’t quantified it but, yes you can’t ignore the fact that that pricing gap, half of that was probably driven by the size and so I guess very specifically it probably did have an impact.
Vincent C. Byrd: There’s nothing to report, we continue to have a great relationship with Dunkin and Green Mountain and we continue to work the issue. But, nothing to report.
Vincent C. Byrd: It truly did occur in the back half of the quarter and so it would have been very difficult to respond to anything given what we were seeing in October.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes, we have accounted for all the different promotional activity we are seeing in the baking category and I think overall what’s doing well for us is we have some new innovation with our bold colored frostings and cakes. Those continue to do well, our seasonals do well. We are seeing competitive challenges and we expect that. When you think about our fall bake, as we mentioned in the script, we feel that so far we’re seeing some good consumer pull through and things look to be solid, so we would anticipate having a good year. That said we know there is competition that continues to increase and we have accounted for that.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Good question, and we look at the peanut butter price decline that we took into effect, I think the first thing we always do is make sure that we’re passing along the lower commodity costs to our customers and then to the consumer. We felt that was prudent to do in the case of Jif. I think when you think about the Jif sales versus some of our other brands, a significant majority of the Jif sales are sold at everyday prices and with the cost situation we were in, we were having to do more discounting and promotional promotions which isn’t typically what we like to do. So we felt by passing along the price decline to the consumers it really achieved the two objectives of getting the right cost on shelf and also reducing our need to do deeper promotional pricing.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: First off I’d say the first comment about the weaker category, it’s actually a strong category, it’s been growing and it’s up, and it’s really taking advantage of the consumer trend of looking for lower cost protein which peanut butter is about the lowest cost protein out there. So, we feel we’re right on trend with the consumers and that category actually volume wise is down pretty well. So again, we are confident in the back half of the year and we feel it will continue to grow.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: I’ll go through my area and then turn it over to Mark or Steve. But, I think when you start with peanut butter we’re looking at again, the protein trends that I spoke to earlier and we’re in the snacking area so our Jif To-go Dippers, our Jif To-go products have done very well and we continue to push out new items there and there are some other areas that we won’t speak to on peanut butter that we think there’s some great opportunity with. On crustables we continue to really drive that business, in fact, we sell about $300 million peanut butter and jelly sandwiches a year and that’s growing at double digit rates and we think there’s some opportunity to continue to push out on some new innovation in that category. On the fruit spread side, we’ve launched our fruitfuls which is 100% fruit in a pouch which is really on trend with the pouch type packaging that’s out in the marketplace as we speak. There’s no sugar added and all the other ingredients are natural, etc. That continues to do well and we have some other items coming out in that front. On the baking side, we talked about we have a lot of new innovation coming out with our seasonals and some of the [indiscernible] that we’ve spoken to previously and so I think from the consumer food side and then Sahale with the new acquisition, again that’s right on trend with the protein and snacking. We think there’s great new not only distribution opportunity and gain for that product line but also for some new product opportunities and concepts we have that’ll be coming out here over the next 12 to 18 months.
Mark T. Smucker: The first thing I would say is if you do rewind the clock back to those higher Arabica costs, from May 2010 to May 2011 we took - that’s a 13 month period, we took four price increases in that period and they were much closer in succession. In this particular case, in the quarter, it is true of course, we did take a price increase but because we felt that we had to honor some of our promotional commitments in the first quarter we continued to basically investment spend on some of our promotions to protect those promotions with our customers. So, lift price aside, when you look at how our promo prices moved going into August and September, that significant jump was somewhat unique to what we’ve done in the past and so the consumer did sort of experience some sticker shock and I think that if there is somewhat of a silver lining in this it is that not a fundamental change in the category, we do feel that many of our loyal consumers took pause, chose not to purchase, in most cases chose not to switch to other brands, and so that we do feel as we get into the back half we should see some of those loyal consumers come back into the mainstream segment. The second part of your question was do we think our competitors may have been in a better position, obviously we don’t know specifically what their positions are although we have a pretty good idea of what type of hedge they have taken and in some cases we believe a competitor could have been in a better place. But you know by now, all of that has probably washed its way through most of the systems so I think if not now very shortly we’ll probably all be in a similar position.
Mark T. Smucker: I mean, we would have expected it to be at least in line with our prior year so it was off significantly.
Mark T. Smucker: It is and we have factored in some recovery as was in the scripted comments. We won’t get back to prior year levels. There’s a couple of factors I could speak to, typically in the mainstream segment given the size of the containers and so forth, the purchase cycle is roughly about three months. Then as it relates to promotional effectiveness, typically when you see two or three promotional cycles pass, typically the market tends to adjust to new pricing and so as we get into the back half of the year, we would expect for some of those things to lapse and that’s driving whey we believe consumers will come back into the segment.
Mark T. Smucker: Let me take your first one first. So in our K-Cup business, the Folgers brand did very well, we actually grew the Folger’s brand in line with the category growth. We think that our marketing activities, as well as our pricing activities were right, and that really helped. And then also, very much helped by the launch of new items. In that would be some new Folgers items, as well as our Café Bustelo brand as well, which is also new in the marketplace so all of that helped on K-Cup. As for the 2.0, it’s still very early as you know, it’s going to probably take − I think we’ve talked last time 18 months to two years, until those brewers are seeded sufficiently in the marketplace. We’re still optimistic about the consumer benefits that the 2.0 Brewer provides and clearly our partner in that space has signed up a lot of new partners, and so we think that’s going to help the system as well. So, there has been some settling out in the category itself. I think one thing we can point to is that there are a few customers that are still trying to figure out the right mix between roast and ground and K-Cup, and our actual roast and ground business may benefit a little bit going forward, as the customers reconfigure their coffee sets.
Mark T. Smucker: There’s a few factors, the first is volume. As we said we don’t expect volume to get quite back to our prior-year levels, and that is clearly going to have an impact on our profit dollars. There may be some additional promotional spend that we’re looking at, but we’re trying to be laser focused, and very disciplined in how and when we execute promotions in light of obviously, the recent results. But, we do feel overall our pricing is right, versus our costs and is right going forward versus competition. Then the only other factor that we’ve spoken to previously which is less of a factor, is that we have seen some margin compression on K-Cups, and that will continue through the back-half of the year.
Mark T. Smucker: The first part of your question, just going back three years, if you recall again as we did see volume impacted significantly, but it was over several quarters, it was over three or four quarters as opposed to over a single quarter. So, if you do rewind the clock back to 2011 or so, we did so we see those significant volume declines. Since then, when our growth restarted, in total our coffee business in the last 10 quarters has grown in every of those 10 except for this last one, so the 10th one we were down. As it relates to the category as a whole, you’re right, it has evolved significantly, there’s absolutely no question. Single serve has brought over two billion new dollars into the category in terms of the spend and so we’ve seen, if you will, the bedrock of the category, the roast and ground, has remained relatively strong. We’ve talked in other calls about the mainstream segments, and the roast and ground total declining overall in very modest terms, low single digits, and that has come true and so, there’s no question that the category has changed significantly, but we do still believe that roast and ground serves as a bedrock and K-Cup and single serve really has brought a lot of new dollars into the category.
Mark T. Smucker: In the coffee area, as you know, we’ve done a nice job of just on an annual basis with new products. There are some bigger ideas that we’ve been working on behind the scenes that I’m just not able to share at this point but hopefully in the next year or two we’ll be able to bring to market some things that everyone, including the consumer most importantly, will find interesting.
Mark T. Smucker: I was remiss in not mentioning one thing, we’ve been so focused on our roast and ground business obviously for the last several weeks that I think I need to do justice to the team. Our team has done a fantastic job not only dealing with the current situation but continuing to focus on the new products we do have out in the marketplace and I should mention our liquid items. We’ve recently come out with a flavor enhancers under the Folger’s brand for coffee, basically flavoring and sweetener in a liquid form, in a very small liquid container. In the next couple of months you’ll be seeing an ice coffee execution in the same type of container and we think those are great new products and they are gaining some relevancy with our millennial consumers so I should have mentioned that earlier.
Mark T. Smucker: Basically, I would say that since Maxwell House downsized I would point to our share gains and we actually performed extremely well despite the variance between the competitor and our net weight in the cans. I think time has proven out that we can perform. Given the current environment will we continue to evaluate? Absolutely. So, there’s nothing new that I can share with you at this point, but it’s certainly something that is top of mind and as we have hiccups like this one, we certainly will go back and reconsider.
Mark R. Belgya: I’ll start with the last one, the trade loading and customer inventories was not material and so as a factor we view that there may have been some puts and takes but overall not material. Again, it really was delayed consumer purchase in the segment that was the vast majority of the volume decline. To a much lesser degree there was some competitive switching, but as you can probably see from the share data where there was switching it went mostly to store brands and really insignificant amount of switching going into the single serve category.
Mark R. Belgya: We said that for the year originally we were going to be up about 5% and as we look at the back half we think that the spend will basically be flat with last year. So we took roughly a $60 million marketing reduction from where we thought we would be in the first half and we’ll be about flat to prior year in the back half.
Mark R. Belgya: I think in my prepared comments, we tried to address the reduction. I think when you look at marketing to the outset when you talk about marketing the natural reaction is we’re cutting advertising and I think we feel comfortable with what we have done to date on the advertising support across the brand. There’s obviously a multitude of things that go into the marketing expenditure category so to some degree yes, we are deferring a little bit but we feel those are clearly discretionary spends that will not have a long term impact on the quality and the equity of the brands. Each team looks within their spend, but again I feel pretty confident that whether it’s digital or any support for the major brands. Baking, we’ve done obviously, fall bake is in place, we feel pretty good about what we have out there and don’t feel that we’ve been overly negatively impacted by the reductions.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, I think we did learn something. I think we learned that we wouldn’t rip the Band-Aid off this quickly again in the future, and quite frankly, as we went into the first quarter we felt that our outlook for the remainder of the year allowed us to continue to honor those commitments. But clearly, we do feel it was a bit of a misstep when the consumer went to the shelf and their last can of Folgers was at $6.99 and now they’re saying, “Wow, it’s $8.99? Maybe I’m going to hold off for a couple of months. I think I can make this last can work and I’ll come back and check again in a month or so.” We truly believe that’s what’s going on in the marketplace.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, I think that’s right. I think the factor will be coffee. We’re gaining on it on price, because we are going to recognize the year-over-year price increase on coffee, and that will more than offset the effect of the peanut butter pricing, and then we’ll also have a favorable mix that will come into play. So any shortfall, or quite candidly any gain over that estimate, year-over-year increase, would probably lie in the volume of coffee.
Mark R. Belgya: Just a couple comments on share repurchase and the additional authorization by the board. I don’t think I would read anything that it’s trying to drive either more or less opportunity in M&A. It’s not totally uncommon for us to have anywhere between five and 10 million shares authorized. We do typically tend to be more around five million, so some of it is just in the ease that we can go into the market, and not have to worry about running short on the authorizations, so I wouldn’t read anymore into that. In terms of what’s included in the guidance obviously, we have fairly significant guidance range. I think as we made in the comments that it does assume the $102 million, which is our current amount. If we were to go into the market, as you know, just because of the nature of the waiting, it would not have a material impact on the rest of the fiscal years, but clearly if we did, it would push it north of the bottom part of the range and again, obviously it would affect quarter - end quarter, but not have a major impact on the full year because of the waiting.
Richard K. Smucker: That’s a good question and two things, it will be a little bit more difficult to do an RMT today the transaction value would roughly have to be about a $10 billion transaction. There aren’t a lot of those out there. I wouldn’t say never, but we have a great balance sheet and we’re not afraid to use it for the right transaction so even though some of the prices are high out there right now in the M&A area, we do think there are some opportunities so we’re still on the hunt.
Richard K. Smucker: I would support Vince’s comment on innovation because the more and more we look at products that are really are true value to the consumer, we can price for those. Uncrustables are one of them, an outstanding one, it’s grown double digit so we really see that that’s a great area. So we’ve been looking for more and more innovation that really is true innovation and not just another me too.
Richard K. Smucker: We participate in all of those. We participated in each of the areas of growth, and the mainstream still stays very, as we’ve said, the bedrock still very relevant.
Richard K. Smucker: I’ll add two things to that, one to Vince’s comments, we really like the coffee categories. It’s one of the only categories that has actually grown in dollars and a lot has to do with K-Cups by $2 billion. It’s gone from, I don’t know, a $6 billion category to over an $8 billion category and we’ve been able to participate in that. There’s almost no other food category in certainly the mainstream sections that have grown that much by adding innovation. Now, would we have liked to have created the K-Cup category? Well sure, but we participate in it and we’re great partners with Green Mountain. But on acquisitions, let me speak to that for just a minute. We look at acquisitions in three areas, enabling acquisitions, we’ve done two there and those are things that just get us into new categories or new areas which is Enray and Sahale, so it’s helped us in the snacking area and the [indiscernible] which is Enray foods. On bolt ons we did Café Bustelo, which was a great acquisition for the coffee category. Then the strategic acquisitions, obviously, the Jif, Crisco, and the Folgers are strategic and we still see a couple of real opportunities in the strategic side to get some - basically, as you commented to get us into another area in the food business that would be very important for us. So, we’re still looking at those and still think there’s a couple of good opportunities out there.
Richard K. Smucker: I might just comment that historically we’ve looked to grow our growth 1% of the growth if we’re going to go 5%, 20% of that would come from new products. We’ve upped that to 2% and we’re actually over delivering on that but we just [indiscernible] last year because our success rates been pretty good. The other thing is our success rate is good in the sense when we introduce a new product most of those stay in the marketplace. We have a few failures, because we know you’re going to have that but most of ours have been successful and stayed on shelf.
Richard K. Smucker: There were learnings from the way we handled our pricing increase this time especially on the promotional side and Mark said that earlier, and we’ve learned from that. When you go to the marketplace, you can’t turn that around in one month or two months, it takes a couple of quarters to do that because you have prices out there in the marketplace but we had some learnings and we’re adjusting because of that and I think you’ll see that in the back half of the year.
Richard K. Smucker: I just want to say thank you for your interest in this company and for being on the call and asking all the intelligent questions and I’m sure we’ll have some follow up answers later today for individuals that call in. Thank you very much.
