Mark R. Belgya: Thank you, Vince. Our net sales increased $155 million, reflecting a 16% impact of net price realization, offset somewhat by the 10% volume decline. Acquisition debt at $60 million or another 5%, and sales mix was modestly favorable. GAAP earnings per share were $1.03 this quarter and $1.11 in the third quarter of last year, including restructuring and merger integration costs. Excluding these special project costs, earnings per share were $1.22 this quarter and $1.27 in last year's third quarter, a decrease of 4%. The impact of one-month ownership of the Sara Lee business was immaterial as expected. As a reminder, last year's results included $0.10 per share of impairment associated with certain assets at the previously owned Europe's Best business.  SG&A expenses once again increased at a lesser rate than sales, up only 5% for the quarter. Total marketing expense was 4% above last year. Expenses associated with Rowland Coffee and the Sara Lee business were the primary drivers of the increase. The effective income tax rate was 34.1% in the third quarter compared to 32.6% in the prior year. We expect the fourth quarter and full year effective tax rate of approximately 34%. Turning to cash flow. Our cash from operations set a quarterly record, increasing $409 million in the quarter. This was mostly due to a $220 million reduction in working capital, resulting from the completion of the Fall Bake and Holiday season's transaction cycle. Capital expenditures were $61 million in the quarter, bringing the year's total to $197 million. This resulted in free cash flow of $348 million. We are still projecting approximately $270 million in CapEx for this year, which falls within the original range provided earlier this year. Let me now comment on our outlook for the remainder of this fiscal year. As a result of the impact of the third quarter results and an expected continuation of the volume declines in the fourth quarter as compared to the prior year, the company is lowering its net sales estimate and earnings guidance for the year. Net sales for the full year are estimated at slightly above $5.5 billion, up 15% over fiscal 2011. Based on this guidance, our fourth quarter net sales are also expected to increase approximately 15% over last year's fourth quarter and assumes a high single-digit volume decline. Full year non-GAAP income per diluted share is expected to range from $4.60 to $4.65, down from the company's previous range of $4.90 to $5. As a reminder, the range includes $0.07 loss on the divestiture of the Europe's Best business in the second quarter. The company's estimate reflects an immaterial amount of net earnings contribution from the Sara Lee foodservice acquisition completed last month and the current number of shares outstanding.  I would like to conclude with a few comments related to next year. At this time, we are not in a position to provide guidance for 2013. However, there are a number of factors that we believe will be net positive to next year's EPS. While we expect some uncertainty around volumes for the next couple of quarters, we would expect overall growth in the base business for the coming years. In addition, we expect to benefit from lower cost on coffee and certain other raw materials, a full year's ownership of the Sara Lee foodservice business, above-average growth of the Rowland brands and K-Cups, additional savings from our supply chain projects, notably in coffee in Canada, and any future share repurchase activity. We would expect these items to contribute enough to more than offset anticipated headwinds, including higher peanut and sugar cost, the impact of a full year's interest expense related to last year's October's public debt issuance and higher pension cost. We will, of course, provide 2013 guidance in more details around each of these when we release year-end results in June.  With that, we would like to open our call to your questions. Operator, if you would please queue up for the first call.
Mark R. Belgya: It's Mark Belgya. In terms of your first question, you're right, we did recognize the benefit of that, but if you would go back and check the transcript, we did not disclose that. We typically don't quantify that kind of a benefit to the plus or to the negative, but it’s clearly contributed to the strong quarter last year in coffee.
Mark R. Belgya: Hey, Ken, this is Mark Belgya. Just to clarify, you're right, as a percent of sales, it was down, but it was actually up 4% for the company in terms of dollars. I think we've been pretty consistent throughout the year when we talked about marketing spend that -- because of the inflationary impact with the items, the top line we would not expect to keep a percent of sales. But the key point is that the marketing spend this year we feel is at a level that clearly allows us to do what is necessary for each of our brands, and the level this year is pretty consistent to last. And I don't think we would necessarily -- certainly wouldn't see a decrease in that. We’ll have more to talk about later this summer when we get the specifics, but we -- the lack of marketing wasn't the issue. I mean, we had quality advertising on air during the period, have had that throughout the year. A lot around social media, we've been able to increase the percent of our marketing dollars sold on that. So just looking around the team, they certainly can add, I think, that most would say we're quite comfortable with the spend levels.
Mark R. Belgya: Hey, Chris, this Mark Belgya. Just one quick add on that though. Just -- because I think I know your where your line of questioning is going. This isn't going to take us time and a lot of investment to do that. I mean, if you look across our brands and our categories, we have a variety of brand sizes to get -- whether you're focused on per-ounce servings or whatever that the consumer is focusing on, so this isn't going be a major shift requiring a lot of investment and time from the management team and team overall, that we just -- we'll just look at our current portfolio and adjust to quarter and take the course from that.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, in terms of the paydown, to be quite honest with you, of our long-term debt, that’s not public, the private placements we've had, there really isn't a lot maturing over the next 3 to 4 years. I think it's about $300 million over the next 5 years. And there's fairly substantial prepayments that, economically, it does not make sense. Now we did take advantage to pay down our revolver during the quarter, right at the end of the second quarter I guess it was. So that's the completely opened $1 billion revolver. But I don't think you'll see us really move any cash to pay down any of the debt in the near term.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, we've got a liquidity-check on our strategy, whether it's growth for the company or return back to the shareholder.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, it would change a little bit, it would decreased a little bit because of -- I mean, [indiscernible] EPS effect. But I'll tell you, we still think that it's within shouting distance. We lost about $35 million if you just equate cash to the income, but we still think $450 million is possible. We also generated a lot of cash from working capital improvements this past quarter. Our teams are focused on that as well. So for now, I would say it's probably $400 million to $450 million, and we're still hopeful to get to the high end of that.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, there won't be anything significant. The only -- and I wouldn't even say it's overly significant, but it is worth note, is that obviously with the acquisition of Sara Lee business, the capital requirements related to the equipment are a little higher, but we would still not see a significant change in our CapEx spending from what we've talked about in the past for next year.
Mark R. Belgya: Oh, K-Cups? We -- the only thing we've commented earlier that it is not dilutive. It's primarily equal to our overall corporate average.
Mark R. Belgya: Most likely not. But there could be as Mark referred to earlier, some targeted promotional activity. But no, there probably will not be any pricing action in the fourth quarter.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, yes, yes, sorry. Yes, in terms of productivity, just to ground the listeners, we did say that we're going to have approximately $70 million in total savings when everything is said and done, and actual will be in full effect in fiscal 2015. The current year, we've got about $25 million of benefit. Obviously, that's been a contributor to trying to offset some of the effect to the commodities. Although we'll be more specific when we talk to you in June, we will see that number go up a little bit next year, and we'll have completed our coffee work in New Orleans. We have completed our Canada pickle and the plants closing there, so we'll get some additional benefits from that. And then the rest will sort of step up as we bring on the lines and ultimately move everything into our new plant here in Orrville and again, just giving the full effect in 2015. So there'll be a little bit above the current $25 million that we had in this year.
Vincent C. Byrd: Eric, this is Vince. Let me start again by -- and then, I'll turn it over to the Presidents. I think we were very optimistic going into the quarter because we knew that we had very good merchandising plans put into place. And although, as we said in our formal remarks, we anticipated that there would be some volume decline, certainly, we did not expect it to be at the levels that end up occurring. And again, that was primarily driven by our price points. We performed better than our elasticity models had indicated, and we also performed better than our #1 branded competitor in most of our categories during the period. But to be very honest, we started to see the tail-off in the last 4 to 5 weeks when we had some visibility to some share information, some inventories with our VMI customers, and so that, in fact, was a signal that the sell-through during the holiday period wasn't where we had hoped that it would be. You also are very rare of how much the consumer industry down or the CPG industry is down, but you have to keep in mind that our pricing actions were nearly 2.5x that of the overall industry. And then lastly, as I mentioned quite frankly, although we have experienced inventory reductions by some major competitors, previously, it far exceeded what we've experienced over the last couple of years or ever. And so I guess, I would stop there and say that's the primary reasons overall.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes. So I think, Eric, if you look at our share overall, I mean, again, we are in pretty good shape. And again, if you compare that to our #1 competitor, when you roll it up across all the categories, during that 12-week period, we significantly outperformed them. Obviously, we know, I think, the crux of the issue is at the price points. And as we see some moderation of some of our key commodities, we know that there are thresholds that we need to get back to, and that's why we feel confident going into the future periods with the moderation of the commodities that will allow us to drive down some price points to where they need to be. So overall, our share remains pretty solid. We were down more than the category. If you look at units, there's no question. But again, we significantly outperformed our #1 branded competitors.
Vincent C. Byrd: That first part of your question, the answer is we believe it was between 1% and 2% volume for the entire quarter was affected by the inventory reduction. And Paul will take the peanut butter.
Vincent C. Byrd: Well, typically, we over-index in non-measured channels, to be honest with you, so given that our business was soft, it was soft in some of the non-measured channels.
Vincent C. Byrd: Well, David, I think it is fair to say that some of our Southern customers' volume has been affected because of weather patterns. Snowbirds haven't gone south. Some of the more comfort foods are not being consumed. But as Richard indicated, maybe it is a material impact, but we just did not believe that, that's the issue that faces us.
Vincent C. Byrd: And Farha, this is Vince. I would add, again, we are pulling all levers to take a look at what actions that we can take, including our supply chain initiatives, particularly in coffee, are coming to realizations this next year. So there's a lot of activity going on to help drive the core Red Can business. We are going to continue to invest in it.
Vincent C. Byrd: Sure. Well, first of all, we've had an outstanding relationship with Green Mountain Coffee Roasters that we entered into a couple of years ago. And if you have followed them and their strategy, obviously, its -- this new technology or new platform is providing an additional benefit to the consumer relative to buys of brew, temperature control and a number of offerings that are within it. As we had said from really the day that we acquired the business, we knew that we needed to participate in the single-serve area, and we did an extensive review at that time and decided to partner fortunately. And we're -- clearly, I think we're riding the right horse, so to speak, partnering with Green Mountain. So why do we think it's good? We think that if you look at the others in the industry that have not been successful, buying some very large coffee companies, clearly, Green Mountain is the one that is the apparent winner. And so again, we're very excited about the existing relationship and what this relationship means for us long-term on the new platform.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes, sure. Let me get maybe one layer down. Mark Smucker indicated earlier when you look at like the dollar channel, we are doing very well in those channels at this point, primarily driven by coffee. If you look at the club channels, specifically, due to some pricing that occurred on our peanut butter this past year, we did lose a significant portion of a major club customers, and so that has affected our second, third and the future quarters. If you look at another major retailer that we spoke to earlier, that customer being a disproportionate amount of our business, we have been challenged. So that's, I hoped, to clarify the -- maybe the conflicting remarks or the conflicting interpretation there.
Vincent C. Byrd: Well again, net-net, if you roll it all up, that could be a fair statement primarily because of the peanut butter and the major customer.
Vincent C. Byrd: I'm not sure that they could go much lower, to be honest with you, so we would hope that they would stabilize.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, this is Richard. I would also say that our volume was down in the 10%, but our units were down 8% because there was a shift in terms of sizes. People bought smaller sizes because of the price points. It's a little bit of sticker shock on some of our promoted prices versus last year. And so I think the consumer needs to adjust to those.
Richard K. Smucker: David, this is Richard. I would like to blame it on the weather, but I can't really say that, that is a factor. We really don't know. It may have some impact on it, but we really don't have a way to measure that from year to year so -- although it may have had some small impact.
Richard K. Smucker: But some of the information that we have, basically, as you know, food commodity costs have been up in the last couple of years, greater than historical averages in almost in any period that we've measured, and it's a very tough economic time. We've seen people being willing to spend $0.65 a cup for a K-Cup of coffee, but then they'll -- they're buying private label brands because the price is best. People on food stamps have gone from 25 million 4 years ago to 48 million today. So I think there's a little bit of industry sticker shock on -- across the industry, but I think I relate it a little bit to the fuel in terms of gasoline. When gas prices went to $4 a gallon, everybody stopped driving for a while until they got used to the fact that the new norm was $3.50 to $4, and then they started driving again. I think it's taking the consumer a little while to adjust to this and -- across the industry. And I think this new inflation rate will be there for some time, and the consumer will adjust. That being said, some specific data that we have seen is that the average grocery shopping cart this year is $11 more than it was last year for their average shopping cart, and the consumers putting about 10 items less in their shopping cart because they can't afford to put more than that in, in terms of -- because of the inflation rate. So I think it's something that we're going to -- all as an industry have to adjust to over the next couple of months. And -- but I think the consumer will adjust.
Richard K. Smucker: Scott, this is Richard. Going back to your original question and your assumption that the adjustments on pricing in the categories does -- would've -- you would've seen that maybe in the fall or the last summer, you have to remember that a lot of our promoted items are -- we're big in Fall Bake. We have a very good Fall Bake in most of our categories. And this is the first time, at least since a year ago, that people have seen these new promoted price points, which were substantially higher than last year. So because of primarily peanut butter and coffee, which are 60% of our business, which had the big price increases, that wasn't seen in our categories until this Fall Bake period.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, this is Richard. A couple of things. We look at -- obviously, we're concentrated on our categories, and we still think the fact that we have the leadership position in most of the categories that we're in, we're still going to take a responsible position in terms of how we price and how we promote. What that usually -- happens is that you might suffer a quarter or 2 because you haven't dealt down to a level that is unprofitable or doesn't build the category. But I think, at least from my colleagues that I know in the industry have recognized that, historically, that if they do over-promote, that's a short-term fix. And the industry's -- at least the leadership that I've seen in the industry has taken a position that brand building is the best thing for the industry. And I guess I'm optimistic that you won't see an across-the-board race to the bottom. I think they're very brand-oriented, and I think we're going to continue to see responsible management of those brands. And we're going to do our part to do that.
Richard K. Smucker: We've actually seen a little bounce back after the end of the quarter, where they reduced a lot right at the end of the quarter, and we've seen some sales in early February being better.
Richard K. Smucker: In generally, no. But we certainly do look for special price points. Our opening price point coffee is one where we push extra hard because we know it was a value to the consumer. But in generally, our strategy remains the same.
Richard K. Smucker: I really don't know what they're going to say. Obviously, it's up to them. But we know what the market said and what it meant to us. I would think they'd be looking at the same data. Before we end the call, I just wanted to thank everybody for your questions. They make us better. I also wanted to emphasize that we remain confident in our strategy, and we're actively addressing the current challenges that we face. We know where it occurred and why, and we're taking the appropriate steps to make the next quarter and next year solid. And we remain confident in our long-term projections. So we look forward to seeing everybody next week at CAGNY, and have a great day.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Paul here. On the peanut butter side, obviously, we -- as the volume was down more than we are anticipating, we did have the higher price increase go into effect in November. We had some pantry loading that occurred more than we anticipated in October, and that was really driven by the media attention that was going on that time on the peanut crop and the overall potential for peanut shortages, et cetera. And so as the consumers lower their pantry, we would expect to see some of that come back at the later -- latter part of the quarter. And we haven't seen that come back yet, and I think part of that is driven by the fact that the full price increase went into effect January 1. So there is some of that sticker shock that still exists.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Alexia, this is Paul. And yes, a dollar store, obviously, is an important part of our mix, and we continue to look at different products that would fit that channel, and we'll continue to do so as we go forward.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes. Hi, Chuck, this is Paul. A couple things happened in baking. First off is we had a great -- a lineup of new seasonal items and new products that launched and did very well during that time period. We had great displays with our key retailers. There were more bake-centers than there were last year. So those are some of the key reasons. In addition, from a pricing perspective, we really didn't take price on cake, and cake was a key contributor to some of the growth in the category.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: We had flour. We had frosting. We had some of our other flanker items on the baking side of the business that we did take the price up anywhere from 4% to 20%, depending on what product line we're talking about. We had a very good quarter in baking.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Hey, Scott, this is Paul. Regarding the peanut butter comments, we have seen some competitors come into the category. I would say that while they are still doing pretty well, they're not -- we're not losing a whole lot of share to them at this point, and we wouldn’t anticipate that actually going forward. So -- but we are watching very closely and, clearly, they are taking share from other players.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Well, there's been progress. As we've said, we've looked at China as a possible investment area, and some of our key teams made several trips over there. And we have several irons in the fire and nothing to report yet, but we're getting much closer.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Well, Chris, this is Paul, and I think if we look at our categories in the Consumer Foods side of the business, we always look at the different sizes, certain size, meet the need of the consumer better today than other days. And so we will continue to look at that when we launch new products.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes, Mitch, this is Paul. We have actually some pretty good plans in place for Easter. At this stage in the game, we're probably not going to make any major adjustments, but we feel it's in decent shape.
Mark T. Smucker: This is Mark. First of all, I think we do expect that coffee prices we have seen, except in the last few days, have been relatively consistently declining. And although we won't comment specifically on our position, we do view that we will continue to look at targeted spend in certain segments of the category and would anticipate that we would likely be able to take a measured decline in the beginning of our next fiscal year. We would assume, based on some of the information that we have, that our competitors would be in a similar situation, but we will keep an eye on that, and we will respond accordingly.
Mark T. Smucker: Alexia, this is Mark Smucker. I'll start with the general comment on just the total non-measured channels. If you aggregate in coffee our total business, our share performance in coffee is slightly better than you would see in the measured channels. And particularly, dollar has been strong. And in other areas of mass, besides Wal-Mart, we've had some strong results as well. So I think your assessment is fair.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes, well, it varies by category, but the primary driver was one major retailer on oils and coffee. But I mean, if you look at it across maybe an all-outlook view, clearly, there was some private label growth during the 12-week period. But it was primarily affected in the 2 categories I referenced, so coffee and base oils.
Mark T. Smucker: Andrew, this is Mark again. I -- your assessment, I think, is right on. I can let Steve speak to the foodservice coffee side because that is a different channel. But you are absolutely correct that there is a lag. We do try to be transparent where we can, and given the moderation of the costs -- I mean, if you just look at the trend line over the last several months, it has been moderating, but it's been moderating slowly. So that's the reason for our comment that we will look at specific segments and possibly look at some targeted spend, but a broader price increase would be likely as we get through the continued higher costs and into the beginning of the fiscal year.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes this is Mark Smucker. I think that the couple of comments in the period I think you're referring to is, in many cases, the coffee increases may not have been fully reflected at that point. And I would say, we believe that it is less a cyclical issue than it is, a, they hadn't been fully implemented, and b, and probably most importantly, we have now crossed certain pricing thresholds that the consume -- back to the sticker shock comment that the consumer is simply not willing to pay or perhaps, if they're trading down. And in some cases, they may even be using their coffee more conservatively. In other words, brewing a smaller pot or brewing weaker coffee, what have you. We think those are probably what's driving the trends.
Mark T. Smucker: And then, Scott, this is Mark again. On K-Cups, we're still very optimistic, number one. And then we don't think over time it's going to continue to grow at the rates that it has grown. But we have not seen a slowdown in our growth based on anything that either one of our competitors are doing. I think on the Starbucks side, it's still very early. They've done a very nice job of getting distribution, but we have not seen any significant impact to our business. And so the bottom line would be that we would continue to see that we are all collectively growing the pie, and that we would continue to see growth in the category.
Mark T. Smucker: Sure, Farha. It's Mark again. I guess I would just start by reminding you that our cost is still -- in terms of absolute pricing, we're still up in the high 20%, 25% to 30% range versus the prior year. So although we did take a price decline, it may not have been quite enough in this particular case. But having said that, we did have good, again, promotional activity. I really think it comes back to the absolute price in both on a promoted and un-promoted basis and managing the gaps that we have both on the lower end of the category, as well as the premium segment. And so where we did do a good job managing those gaps, for example, Dunkin', we've seen growth. And on the lower end of the category, the same comment would hold true. The fact that we're participating in every segment of the category has been very good for us, and so although it hasn't entirely offset, it clearly has not offset the declines in the mainstream segment, we're doing the right things in both the opening price point and the premium end of the segment.
Mark T. Smucker: I think it goes back to the comments I've made, I guess, a couple of times earlier on the call, just targeting specific segments and then, as costs continue to moderate, dealing with that from a pricing standpoint more broadly.
Mark T. Smucker: Akshay, this is Mark. It really comes down to the fact that there's a leader, and we're the leading coffee brand as well. And we think that the partnership between the leading platform and the leading branded coffee manufacturer is a win-win, so I think that's the reason.
Mark T. Smucker: Akshay, I think you're correct in your assessment of just the Red Can business. It is, we believe, absolute price points, and when you start to -- in the mainstream segment, you start to look at prices that get over $10, that seems to be the place where consumers become more conservative. I -- we would be hopeful that as prices come down, you would -- and I think we've seen this in the past, consumers will migrate back to that more premium segment. So for example, we're seeing consumers now either buy our opening price point, our private label or our smaller can of the same product, and so we would hope to see, as prices come back down below that double-digit number on a consistent basis, that there would be a shift back to that mainstream category.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes. I think if coffee prices go back to where they had been and stay there for a significant amount of time, you're going to see higher prices across every segment of the coffee category. And if that's sustained, the expectation will be that the consumer would, over time, adjust to that. Now the only -- the -- very quickly, the last comment I would make is we're still very focused on innovation. And we've got a lot of things in the hopper. We've over-delivered on our own objectives in terms of new products in multiple segments of the coffee category. So clearly, that mainstream core Red Can business is important as it's the key area, but there's so many other pieces of innovation going on that we expect that we will continue to see significant growth from new products as well.
Mark T. Smucker: We'll provide more details on that next week because it's so early in the launch in terms of the test period, et cetera. We're going to -- we'll work with Green Mountain to convey as much information as we can.
