Steven Oakland: Andrew, hi. Steve Oakland, I'll give that a shot. I think to suggest that there's one problem to solve in roast and ground coffee might be a little too easy. I think we've got so rich of consumer segmentation data today that we understand that there's a large business where Folgers flourishes, frankly, in the value channel, right? So if you think about the discount channels that are growing and who's building stores today. So we want to provide that consumer with a rich coffee experience that's very affordable but is branded. If you look at traditional groceries today, it's a convenience play. It's K-Cups, right? And if you look at who's merchandising K-Cups, it's the traditional grocery retailer across the country. And then there's the whole premium experience and how do we make that authentic, how do we make it experiential, how do we bring more. And I would argue Café Bustelo does that, right? So if you think about the needs we're solving in Bustelo, the needs we're solving in other ones. So I think, obviously, there are things we need to solve in every category. The breadth and reach and size of the coffee category – the fun part about it is there's a whole bunch of needs. It's fragmented. It's not as simple as it was 10 years ago that you could sell Folgers roast and ground. So the journey we're on and we've talked a lot about that, about improving our mainstream business, about positioning ourselves to participate significantly more in the premium business, both with Dunkin' and Bustelo, and then winning in K-Cups. And we made progress on all three of those in the quarter. We're excited as the innovation comes out later in the year to show you how we're solving in each one of those segments. But I just think our view on it is it's a complicated segment, there's a lot of opportunity but they're uniquely different by customer and by consumer.
Steven Oakland: Sure. Hi, David. I think if you dug deep in the numbers or if you walk to a club store, you'd see we've sort of got a running start on that, okay? So even though the economics didn't make sense, we worked with KGM to start to build pack sizes to put ourself in places where we knew we would benefit once the contract went into force. So I think it'll be sequential. You'll see impact in the third quarter and you'll see even more in the fourth quarter and I would expect it to be sequential into next year. I would remind you that we do about 20%, 21% of our business in K-Cups. The category is 41% K-Cups. So the opportunity for us to grow significantly, we think, is real. We made a running start and part of that is reflected in the numbers. And we don't like negative numbers, but we felt investing in getting ahead of this K-Cup opportunity was important. And so we'll start to take advantage of that a little bit this quarter and more in the fourth quarter.
Steven Oakland: Yeah. Ken, this is Steve. We saw the consolidation, the national – when Kroger went national and when a number of these things happened. I think it is a tough retail environment. I think there's a lot of question on the role of e-commerce. There's click and collect. A couple of our retailers are just super successful with click and collect. So I think there's a lot of question on how to serve the consumer today as we transition to a consumer that's much more digitally connected. I would tell you some of the meetings we're having. The level of dialogue is very rich. Those places where you're a category captain, where you're important to the retailer, and most of our big brands that we are in that situation – the dialogue is very rich. I think there's going to be a lot of test and learn in the interim, but I would say I think we're encouraged by the recent results by some of our biggest customers and how strong their business is. I think you can look at our results and you could say well that's a mirror of those results. So I would say I think that dialogue is working. So I think it's hard for us to comment on any one of those things. I think they all exist differently depending on the category and the impact on that category depending on your position in the category. If you're a number two or three brand, I think it's a tough place to be right now.
Steven Oakland: Sure. I do think, as we talked about earlier, K-Cups are 40% of the business today. I think the good news on your question there when it comes to green coffee volatility – green coffee, quite frankly, is a small part of the cost of a K-Cup. So if you think about what's going on in K-Cup, it's really packaging distribution technology co-pack agreement. So green coffee has a much smaller role in the margin structure. So I think, by nature, you're going to have less volatility in it, right? Unless we get the coffee at extreme, extreme prices. So I actually think that'll be good for us all, long-term. I think you'll see more stable margins, because green coffee, frankly, isn't as big of a deal on it. With regards to the pass-through categories, I think Ken touched on this in the last question. I think pass-through is a little bit more difficult right now. I think we have to look at our green coffee purchasing organization on our strategy. We have great results when we are priced at certain price points. And so we need to make sure we hit those price points as often as we can. I'm not suggesting we can't push price through, but I'm just suggesting we understand better how the Folgers brand performs, where it performs, in what channels, and we just have to have that pricing right. And that pricing right means not just absolute price point but gap with our major competitor. The other thing I would say that's going on is the growth of premium. And premium, historically, has had less price volatility in it because all the players don't pass price at the same time. A part of that is driven by the length of the supply chain of premium coffees, et cetera. So I would argue the fragmentation of the category, in general, I guess to bring us all together, will make it less volatile versus more volatile, long-term; K-Cups being the biggest impact on that.
Steven Oakland: In general, no. The premium coffee margins are at or above our segment margins. And now that we've solved the K-Cup issue, I think we're in much better shape there. So, previously, I would have said yes on K-Cups only, but not now.
Steven Oakland: Yeah. I think it's a much more effective group. We have a new system application that we're in the middle of installing to help them, to give them even more data. I would say it also goes back to we're having some very rich customer dialogue. It no longer is that the customer is just trying to collect trade funds the customer wants us to grow the business as well. So the dialogue with the customer, if you have the right information and you're the category captain, the dialogue can be very rich. And I would argue that's happening across Pet; it's happening across our Food businesses and our Coffee business.
Steven Oakland: So I mean we're happy to spend trade dollars if we get a return. When you don't get a return, that's the wrong time to spend it.
Steven Oakland: Okay. I'm going to try to catch those. There's a number of questions embedded in there actually, so I'll try to get them for you. First of all, I would say, yes, there is a replacement cycle and I don't know that we're really the right people to comment on that. I will comment on the fact that they brought the first real, what I would consider, innovation to that and that is a price point. We see that new brewer promoted under $50, right? At our largest retailer, we see it online at that number. So the fact that they're adding new price point is just, by definition, will bring a new consumer base into this, right? So for the first time in a number of years, I think, we have confidence that we will have a household penetration gain and we have confidence they're doing two things. They're investing in marketing and they're investing in equipment, right? And so both of those things we view as very positive for the segment and I would hope will drive household penetration. I think certainly it's fair to assume that this lower price point machine will bring new consumers into the marketplace. And quite frankly they're doing this as retailers where we are very successful, where we have great share, so that also intrigues us. Your comments on the category are correct. We think there's an opportunity to as much as double our K-Cup business over time. That has to happen by very, very different mechanics depending on the brand. The Bustelo business, right? We have to continue to expand reach. That business is small but growing very, very quickly. Dunkin' has a great opportunity as we get into flavors, as we get into pack sizes as we – we have the shackles taken off of us for channels and distribution. So Dunkin' is growing – Dunkin' is our – next to dog food, Dunkin' K-Cups is our best online item and a tremendous item at the largest online retailers. And then Folgers is really about competing in that lower price point, that mainstream price point. And we're now positioned with a cost structure that allows us to bring Folgers back to those price points that we needed to be. So I think the work will be different across brands. And then I think the innovation that we'll show you at CAGNY will have another look at a K-Cup opportunity. So, for us, to make that ambition of doubling our K-Cup business, we will need to add SKUs, we will need to add brands, and we'll need to add distribution and I think hopefully you'll start to see us do that.
Steven Oakland: Sure. Hi, Rob. I would suggest that our opinion is there's going to be a lot of Arabica coffee in the world next year. I think near-term volatility on these things based on one week's weather forecast or two weeks' weather forecast is it'll drive you crazy if you chase it on a day-to-day basis. As you can imagine, we look at it day to day, so we know that for sure, but you can't let that happen. The macro environment of an on-cycle crop and where we are in the process would suggest that we think coffee futures will be fine. Remember, in the first quarter of last year, coffee was like $1.55, right? And so, you've got – we're talking about moving from $1.25 to $1.30 type of thing now, so significantly better coffee costs as we roll forward. We think it's going to be a good quality and size crop, which we think is good for all of us. With regard to freight, I think yes. I think passing freight on right now will be difficult for all of us. The challenge in front of us is to work with our customer to get absolutely as much pickup and to make our freight system the most effective it can be, and I know our team is doing that. But I think we all understand what's going on in the macro freight world, what's happened because of the storms this year, the new driver of logbook issues, all of those things are going to drive tightness in the freight market for the near term.
Steven Oakland: Well, I think what you've seen in the data just reflects the four-week nature of the data, and the four-week nature of the competitive set. So, it will be lumpy on that. I think if you look at 12-week data, it's a little bit better way to look at it. I think we are priced where we need to be. I think we have support from our retail partners on core roast and ground that we're excited about and that would be against both our Folgers business and our Dunkin' business. So, we think that – we think you may still see monthly choppiness, I mean, that's going to happen in this business always, right? But we think as you roll it up on quarter-to-quarter, we think we're in good shape. I think it's too early to talk about next year. We'll settle the coffee costs that we're talking about be passed on or not. I think that's something we'll see as we get into the fourth quarter. But I feel good about it, right? And in the K-Cup business, as we spoke earlier, we understand what price points need to be on K-Cups. So, that promotional volume, I think, is pretty easy to project for us. So, those things are set, the big events on roast and ground are set, and I think as we get through, at least, through third quarter and into fourth quarter, we have pretty good visibility.
Steven Oakland: Yeah, yes. It's – and it's just where all of this is going to fall, right? And so we reiterate, we manage this on a full year basis, right? The plans we give our team are for the year. We speak to you all quarterly, obviously, but we run the business, hopefully, on a much longer-term basis than that. So, we will have times when we have great quarters fall through and it looks like the fourth will be one of those.
Steven Oakland: Hi, Chuck. Steve. No, our confidence hasn't changed. Unfortunately, these things are cumbersome and so we are in the process of all of the documents going to them. We feel comfortable that shortly after that we'll announce a close but, unfortunately, just the nature of that process, where that agency is right now, it's taking a little longer than we'd hoped. But it's not – it does not affect our confidence. It's more a mechanical thing than a – than anything else.
Mark R. Belgya: Hey, David. This is Mark Belgya. Thanks for the question. Let me start here. So you hit on all the points correctly. We did achieve the rest of the $200 million and that leaves $250 million. And I think in our scripted comments we've said that we're going to have another $100 million coming through this fiscal, which is probably skewed a little bit more towards the Keurig contract than the other components that we've spoken to. In terms of how we're going to spend it, it really kind of goes across the board. We were very explicit when we talked about, if you recall, we went from the $200 million, the original pet synergies to $250 million. At incremental $50 million, we were specific to say all $50 million of that was going to be reinvested into the business. And then as we look at the incremental $200 million, I would just say it's a blend. One of the things that we have spoken about is that to support the innovation platforms that are coming to market over the next several quarters, it's absolutely imperative that we support them both with the retailer and to the consumer. So we will be spending some of that behind each of the respective platforms that you'll see coming to market. At the same time, we also said the profitability on our K-Cup will improve. So there you will see a flow-through the bottom line. While we will certainly benefit from the price on Folgers K-Cup and see a volume pick-up there, you will see margin improvement in the overall K-Cup category. And then I think just as we see the rest of it, it will be a blend of flowing through to help us achieve our strategic growth objective there as it relates to earnings. What we're not in a position to do, and I just candidly don't see us doing this, is just saying black-and-white of the $200 million; the X amount will go to reinvestment and Y will go to the bottom line. I think we will prudently think about how we spend that in the coming couple of years. And then lastly, the timeframe is such that that entire $450 million will be realized by the end of fiscal 2020.
Mark R. Belgya: Okay. John. I'll start and then maybe look to Steve. So as we talked – whatever six months, a year ago, when we first came out with our cost savings programs and then we had, I think, six items or six categories, certainly, trade was one of those revenue growth management. And so we have just been actively – we use the term – it's just blocking and tackling, but we've been actively trying to address this. We've got a dedicated team following the pet acquisition that is spending more time on that, we're adding the analytics capabilities and again there's – just making sure that each dollar spent is we're getting the maximum efficiency out of each of that. And then I think just the fact that we've elevated the importance both through the savings program and just to the respective individuals that are responsible for managing the efficiencies. I think it's a combination. I don't know, Steve, if I'd say anything dramatically or specifically we would say we're doing differently, although we're continuing to look at ways...
Mark R. Belgya: Akshay, this is Mark Belgya. I want to comment on something related to that and then I'll turn it to Mark to the degree he wants to comment on the platforms that we haven't exposed to the rest of you. So, that's a little difficult but – and I've made this point to some investors over the past few months. If you want to look at the near-term absolute best opportunities, I would say, it's our Uncrustables and it's our Café Bustelo. If you think about what we've said publicly over the last two, three, four months, the construction of Longmont provides us the opportunity to double the capacity of our current sales which are $250 million. Our Bustelo business is about $125 million which we feel also can be doubled in over the next several years. So, just those two pieces alone are $350 million to $400 million worth of top line growth, so that's the near end. Mark, I don't know if you want to comment specifically on the platforms because, again, we haven't really – we've talked about them but we haven't scaled them in. So I'm not sure that you have a preference over which one of the three is the best opportunity for them.
Mark R. Belgya: Hey, Jason, this is Mark. What I would say is just that – from our, I guess, just more from our top line growth perspective is that we see growth in the back half, we tweaked up our top line guidance, and we've seen the volume growth come from particularly in coffee as we see they – both on KGM pass-through at K-Cup and then the price support on roast and ground. So, I'm not sure, really, there's not too much more to add to that.
Mark R. Belgya: It's dollars and it's a fourth-quarter comment, just to be clear. It's the record for a fourth quarter not a record for any quarter but it's dollars. Which may, actually, probably translate into margin percent as well.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah, Matt. This is Mark Belgya. Just to add a little bit to Steve's points and maybe just to call out why we're being a – that specific of that and, candidly, that's a little out of character for us to call something like that out. There's been a lot of questions as we've met with investors over the course of the fall and they've come out of the first quarter. We basically talked about what was going to drive the back half in coffee and then there was this conversation, well, how does it shakeup between Q3 and Q4 and I think just in an effort to try and get a little clarity to the investor as to dollarize it without being black and white, that was just another data point that we wanted to provide.
Mark T. Smucker: David, it's Mark Smucker. I think you heard both Mark and Steve's answers. I think it is good to point out that some of the flow-through at the bottom line that Mark referenced is both a combination of improved economics and increased sales.
Mark T. Smucker: There are – so there is – we've talked about the foot dragging. There has been some pricing pressures. What we keep coming back to is our success in that area. It's really our ability to maintain strong customer relationships. We've always had very strong customer relationships, being a category captain certainly helps. So as we've said in a number of our recent investor meetings, in our case, it is more, I would say, delayed execution of pricing but still successful execution of pricing. I think the private label comment and I think we would tell you and again we said this in investor meetings is that we have not seen from a private label perspective anything particularly different in this recent private label push versus ones in the past. And so obviously that's something that we will watch very carefully. We continue to point to the fact that – that U.S. consumers are particularly brand loyal and that bodes well for our brands. And so I guess if I could comment on those two, and then I guess I would reserve any commentary on customer consolidation. I don't know if anybody has anything to add around the table but...
Mark T. Smucker: Ken, it's Mark again. Just a couple of things. We continue to preach big brands are not dead and there is a continued role for those, both in e-commerce and in traditional brick-and-mortar. What we are very pleased with in this quarter is in virtually every one of our businesses, the brands that we intended to grow did grow. And so I think from our perspective that speaks to the fact that our strategy is working.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes. John, this is Mark Smucker. I think Steve painted the picture extremely well. I would only add that I would – to answer your question specifically, I don't view that our capabilities are really any different by category. We have a centralized team that really manages the deployment of trade funds, but our individual sales folks are responsible for managing them at the customer level. But specifically, your question about innings – we're doing a much better job right now of managing category by category, so the capabilities are consistent across. But as Steve mentioned, we are in the midst of upgrading our systems and that is basically a year-and-a half to two-year process. So as we go forward, we will continue to gain benefit and it will probably be, I think, in fiscal 2020 that we get sort of the full benefit and even enhanced capabilities to manage that trade more effectively.
Mark T. Smucker: So, Akshay, thanks for the question. I think from a macro perspective, obviously, we're all very aware of the adjustment that occurred in our entire industry and our peer group, largely driven by news around what's happening in the e-commerce space. I think you can point to, particularly in the last few days, some decent performance by two of our largest customers that are historically brick-and-mortar retailers. And so, from our view, we think the correction, if you will, may have been – our opinion would be there was an overcorrection and that is, we believe, substantiated both by some of the results of some of our larger customers as well as our performance this quarter and our outlook. From an M&A perspective, we can't talk about specifics. We do still believe that M&A is very important and is one of the four key pillars of our strategic roadmap. And it goes without saying that we continue to keep our lines in the water and look at a number of opportunities. But, as always, we are prudent and diligent and we want to make the right acquisitions at the right price, so that we can generate a return for our investors. And so, at the end of the day, we still have a responsibility to our shareholders to deliver returns. And then, as it relates to large or small lines in the water for both of those opportunities but, again, it's one of those things where we just can't control timing. Thanks for the question.
Mark T. Smucker: No. I agree with Mark. I think both of the opportunities that he mentioned are not only we have the ability to double but we have the ability to double them profitably. And they both continue to generate at least or right around corporate average profitability. So, those are both very important. And then, just we will continue to be disciplined on our cost management program. So, those are very important for our ability to support our growth.
Mark T. Smucker: Jason, this is Mark Smucker. We saw some elevated shipments at the beginning of the quarter. But given the fact that it was early on in the quarter, we do – and that was in advance of the one that hit Texas. Given the timing of it, we do think we saw some reversal of that later in the quarter, so we actually think the – sort of the impact was all contained within the quarter. So, we don't expect any blowback in the next quarter.
Mark T. Smucker: Matthew, this is Mark Smucker. I would just characterize – I think Steve said it well. I think I would just characterize the headlines are on K-Cup, we're executing it and we feel very confident that that – the new agreement and our actions are going to deliver particularly in the back half and beyond. And then, the headline on roast and ground is the activities we have in place with our key retail partners are very strong, and that's what gives us sort of the confidence going forward through the next six months.
Mark T. Smucker: Well, we want to thank everyone for your time today and taking the time to listen. Again, we always – as always, want to thank our employees because they are the ones that make it all happen. And we will talk to you all soon. Thank you.
Barry C. Dunaway: Hi, Ken. This is Barry Dunaway. No, there were no anomalies as far as shipments this quarter. In fact, we had one retailer who shut shipments down just based on their year-end. And so we actually had fewer shipments because of that one retailer. So, no. To answer your question specifically, no anomalies.
Barry C. Dunaway: Hi, Aatish. This is Barry. Let me add some color to that. We had stated previously that we are committed to keeping Natural Balance in the pet specialty channel. We believe that we continue to be consumer-led as we think about that brand, and we think those consumers are looking for that brand specifically within the pet specialty channel. Based on the performance of Nature's Recipe, which you saw the numbers, we think that is the right brand for grocery en masse, and I think the performance is playing out as we expected. So, no. Natural Balance will continue to be focused in pet specialty. M&A acquisitions of other brands will be part of our growth strategy, and clearly we'll look for brands in pet specialty, just like we would across grocery en masse.
Barry C. Dunaway: It wasn't – it really wasn't significant to be honest. It was not a material impact on our segment profit. And just as we plan the year and now that we're actually executing our marketing plans, it's really just modest shifting in specific executions of marketing activities. So, not a material impact on Q2 or – and we wouldn't expect it in the balance of the year.
Barry C. Dunaway: Yeah. Right now, I think that what we – obviously, we've kept our CapEx. We're just – we think that there's some opportunities just generally as we move into the last couple of months of the year, both from the inventory and just the payables, receivables that will try to cover that shortfall that's coming from the earnings, but we still feel confident that we can get this $775 million.
Barry C. Dunaway: Sure, Jason. This is Barry. The comments, actually, that Mark made in his prepared remarks reflected that performance. So, where we have a presence in the same retailers where that competitive brand also has a presence, we are seeing our velocity is at 2x what that brand's performance has been at least since they've been in the market. So, our velocities are growing, they're two times based on points of distribution, and we see velocities increasing. So, again, we have a unique value proposition for the consumer. We have national distribution. We – that was a lift in place with that brand when we took it from pet specialty. We're going to be bringing out some refreshed packaging. We also are going to be adding some new items where we're going to be replacing some of the lower performing items. So, overall performance outstanding year-to-date especially including those retailers where we both have a presence and momentum growing.
