Steven Oakland: Hi, Ken, it’s Steven Oakland. I think if we look at where we are today and where we were then, we would – we wouldn’t change our thoughts on the near-term. Our coverage allow us – we felt very comfortable with the pricing changes that we made, given the coverage that we have. Mark and Mark talked a lot about the pricing laps and the effect on net sales in coffee for the first quarter. But as we get into the key selling season, I think, we’ve got the sharpest price points we’ve had in quite a while. So the merchandising is strong. The price points are good, and obviously the coverage supports that or we wouldn’t have done those things. So if we had to look at pricing changes, if that happened it would be much later in the year. And frankly, I think, we have a bias that over the next few months, we’re going to get a good look at what coffee is going to end up at. I think there’s a lot of coffee in the farmer’s field in Brazil. And typically, the next few months will let us know where that’s going to settle out. So we’re in good shape until then. And given the fact that we’ve gone down twice over the last 12 months, I think, we’ve got room if we had to absorb some of that even if we had to do pricing.
Steven Oakland: Hi Mario, it’s Steve. I think we’re very encouraged by total K-Cup. I don’t think it was in the prepared comments but we saw what we’ll call legacy or Folgers K-Cups increase in volume for the quarter, and that’s a nice turnaround given everything going on in the K-Cup category and all of the noise there and the deflation there. We saw strong K-Cup volume in our legacy brands. We continue to see strong takeaway for Dunkin’. We literally had trucks lined up at the door at midnight on May 1 a year-ago when we launched this. So given the strength of that we did not expect the same results obviously a year later, but we have more distribution today than we did a year ago. The turns remain very, very strong, and the Dunkin’ original K-Cup is the number one K-Cup in most of the channels and most of the customers we sell it to. So that franchise continues to be alive and growing. So we’re really pleased with that, but more pleased I would say that the legacy business is up over a year ago. So that’s a great trend to reverse.
Steven Oakland: Yes. Yes, we would expect the Dunkin’ brand in total. Our bagged Coffee business is up for the quarter in the first quarter, which again is a nice trend reversal. Although we had a fantastic year last year, that was driven mostly by core Folgers Red Can. It’s nice to see our red can momentum continue in the first quarter, but also our legacy K-Cup and our Dunkin’ bag business improved, so both of those things have improved in the first quarter.
Steven Oakland: Well, and Farah – hi, Steve Oakland. One thing that when Barry talked earlier about getting the fundamentals right, one of things that that the Big Heart business coming into Smucker. One of the capabilities that they got is our commodity buying team, our hedging team. We have a much more sophisticated driven by the fact that we’re in the Coffee business as we are and we’re in the other grains businesses we’re in. So a number of the commodities that are input cost for that that are all run through those same systems. So I think we have more sophisticated system and we have capabilities that allow Barry and the team to know what their costs are going out further, to be able to participate in downside projecting from the upside. So it’s a much more robust set of capabilities applied against that business. Now it takes time for those to impact it and we’re in the process of that now. But those commodity tailwinds, as you call them that that you spoke about Barry and the team will have the same capabilities to achieve those that we have in the other businesses now.
Steven Oakland: Sure. Akshay, it’s Steven Oakland. I think the four smart provider under P&G might have been a little more formulary, right? And I think it might have been a little more transparent. But if you think about how different the coffee category is today than it was then, that was pre-K-Cups, that was when blue can was a material piece of this category. And then that was when we had different owners of our competitive brands that had different strategies and different behavior. So I think if you look at the momentum last year, you look at the first quarter in coffee, we feel really good about our balance of cost and our balance of coverage. I think – we think we’re uniquely different in that we tie our commodity team to our business team. And that our commodity not only understands how to buy the right prices, they understand when we need those prices in the marketplace. So it maybe more difficult for the outside world to understand. But I think we’re really happy with how it’s – what is delivering for us from a business unit standpoint. I think we will stick – we will probably stay with where we are.
Barry Dunaway: Good morning, Ken. This is Barry. And, Mark, you can add additional comments to this. As you know, the Kibbles ‘n Bits brand, its struggle is not just recent, that brand has been struggling over the past year or so. As we stepped into the business with a new team, we felt fundamentals had to be right, especially around pricing. So, we felt that was the first thing we needed to do to fix the price on shelf. What we’re seeing with the bonus bags is, it is decelerating the losses that we’re seeing previously. So, we do think it’s working. That was fundamental to fixing the business. We still think the brand is relevant. We’ve shared our marketing plans with our key retail partners. And they also believe the brand still has a relevance in that segment of dry dog food. They support our plans behind the brand and are willing to continue to work with us in that segment. So we’re not going to turn it around in a quarter or two, but we still think the Kibbles ‘n Bits brand has relevance to the consumer in that segment. And then, the mass premium segment, which as you know, we do not have a place in that segment currently. We continue to evaluate acquisitions licensing or launching one of our existing brands in that segment. That is front-end center for our team, and we will continue to focus on a solution for that segment based on what’s right long-term for us to participate in that category. So we’re still committed to the brand. We think it has a place. And we think just getting the fundamentals are just foundational.
Barry Dunaway: Let me just add some commentary on Natural Balance. I would say overall, we are – we pulled back our expectations similar to our competitors, where we’ve just seen slowing in the pet specialty channel. Relative to the health of the Natural Balance brand for our shelf space and performance, we’re still encouraged by it. We think, where we expect it to be. We have not lost any shelf space. Both of the – our key retailers in the pet specialty channel are supporting the brand and working with us, taking incremental skews. Actually – we’ve actually added some additional items that we recently presented to those retailers. So overall, we’re still pleased with the performance of their brand based on the expanded distribution last year. But I think that channel is just seeing some overall slowdown in traffic.
Barry Dunaway: …around that brand is, we are seeing some nice growth in e-commerce. And that that channel is growing double-digits – high double-digit small base. But we’re really seeing some nice growth with that brand in that specific channel, and we’ll continue to look how we can further accelerate that growth as well.
Barry Dunaway: I just think it’s just going to take us a little longer to stabilize the business. We – it’s just – I think just a little more time to get that stabilization. And once we stabilize the business then we can get it growing again. I just think our performance the first quarter was not what we expected. And based on a combination of both Kibbles and Meow Mix and the softness in the first quarter is what really drove us to be more conservative on the back-half of the year.
Barry Dunaway: Hi, Mario, this is Barry. I would say what we experienced especially this last quarter, was some competitive pricing activity with our major competitor in that category, which puts some pressure on the brand. So we’ve taken some programs back to our retail partners and are working with them to get again, the price right relative to our competition. That combined with our advertising campaign. We just are on TV effective August 1 with the new advertising campaign behind the Meow Mix brand, which we think will provide great support for the business. So between those two activities, we think we’ll address some of the short-term pressure that that brand has experienced. But no other fundamental concerns with the brand, more short-term versus longer-term.
Barry Dunaway: Yes, that’s clearly a trend in mainstream. And as we look at entering the mass premium segment that has to be front and – center for us as we look at what an entry strategy would be. So again as we look at what the consumer is interested in and what their preferences are. So that will be a part of our thinking as we think about an entry strategy.
Barry Dunaway: They each have their own position in the Pet Specialty segment where Nature’s Recipe is more of an entry brand into Pet Specialty. The Natural Balance is a much more premium segment with a focus on a limited ingredient diet. So they each have a unique positioning in that channel. As far as the independent channel being incremental, we focus on that channel just like we do the other main retailers in Pet Specialty. But – that the independent trade is not going to drive the growth of those brands. Most of our growth is going to come from the lead retailers in that channel.
Barry Dunaway: Akshay, it’s Barry. Let me just provide some commentary on that. To your point is, we’re seeing a more humanization of pets and consumers looking at more premium products. But I think we would stay consistent with our strategy of making sure we participate in every segment of the category. We’re still in place for our value brands like Kibbles ‘n Bits and Gravy Train in that segment. We have some great brands in pet specialty. Our snack brands cut across all the segments as well and our great brands. We’ve been driving category growth in the snack category, and our retailers attribute that to our innovation efforts. So I think our strategy in pet is going to be like it is in every other segment is just every other category we participate in is just make sure, we meet the consumer needs what – however, they define value and that will be a consistent strategy we will apply in Pet. So we – it’s a great category, great brands. We think for long-term, it’s definitely the right business for us to be in. So we’re going to leverage the scale and capabilities of broader $8 billion company that continue to grow the pet business.
Barry Dunaway: Sure. I think we gave some color on that last quarter. But we have about 20% of our sales are through pet specialty. And of that the majority of that is through the large retailers.
Barry Dunaway: Our snack share has remained strong. So overall, we’re not losing share. There may have been a little bit of softness over four weeks. But if you look at our 12 and 52-week share, we are still the dominant player in gaining share.
Barry Dunaway: We’re having a little difficulty in framing the question. So maybe we’ll tell you what we think you’re asking.
Barry Dunaway: Again, we’ll try to track that number down. We don’t have that handy. If we can get it back before the call is over, we’ll communicate that, otherwise we’ll circle back direct.
Mark Smucker: I think, this is Mark Smucker, Ken. I think, Barry said it. I mean, at the end of the day, it’s really about blocking and tackling, getting the fundamentals right as Barry said and making sure that we have the right plans over the next few quarters to address the mass premium segment. And I feel better certainly now with Barry’s support and his leadership it will get there in the relatively near future.
Mark Smucker: And remember, David, this is Mark Smucker, that we got the pricing in the fundamentals and the bonus bags right in, basically in June. So we’re just now starting to see those products in markets. So to various points, we do feel confident that we should see some leveling off here in the next quarter or so, and start to shore up that business. And then again, going back to a slightly longer-term view is making sure we have the right actions, right in the mass premium segment, and as we think about how we address that. We certainly want to think about going into the market and getting it right the first time. So we’re incredibly focused on the execution and making sure that as we do roll out plans in that segment, we’re prepared and we’re going to do it right.
Mark Smucker: Thanks for the question, Rob. Yes, we do actually have a new head of revenue management. In fact, one of the things that we spoke about, I think on the last call was that some of the incremental savings that we’ve targeted are going to be invested in capabilities like that, that is one of several. I would describe some of the capabilities as we’ve sort of taken a step back and reorganized ourselves to make sure that we’re building the right capabilities that relate to the consumer and that could be things like insights and data to ensure a robust innovation pipeline, as well as the customer in terms of how we do business with them and how we ensure that we’re giving them the absolute best content. So revenue management would be one piece of that. And we’re at a stage now where we’ve done a nice job building the organization and we’re in the process of ensuring that those new organizations and functions are wired properly. And so that takes a little bit of time as we get through a full-year of planning and so forth. But at this point, we’re very very pleased with the leadership we have across many of our functions. And as it relates to the revenue management, our goal over the next year or two are to begin to become increasingly more efficient in our trade spend. So that we can truly drive incremental sales, that’s ultimately the goal.
Mark Smucker: But at the same time, we are in a very deflationary environment, as we’ve seen several of our customers have reported top line good comp sales growth, but some still top line challenges, and I think that’s a systemic at the moment. But we should – with commodities moving, we’re probably going to see some change there over time.
Mark Smucker: Hey, Farha, it’s Mark. It’s just a function of – it’s just a variable cost to the sale. So it’s just a – it’s a lower royalty total dollar, not dollar, not a change in the rate.
Mark Smucker: As far as pricing begins, we have to front and center competitive with our – the other two primary competitors that we compete with. So as a third player in that category we’ll continue just to be competitive with the other two primary competitors. So that will be our focus. We’ll manage our commodities in our Pet business just like we do in our other businesses, and that will be part of our pricing strategy.
Mark Smucker: All right. This is Mark Smucker. Just a couple of closing comments I have. Obviously, there’s – there have been a few – obviously a lot of questions on Pet. Just want to reiterate our confidence in the business, we believe in the business, Barry just mentioned a few minutes ago just the brands are fantastic. And although we’ve talked quite a bit about mainstream dog today, we feel very good about where we are at. In our premium segment, our ability to address and we started to do that on the mainstream side. And very importantly, our snacks business, pet snacks is going very well. Our shares are very healthy there. And so as with all of the other categories that we’re in, we’re very comfortable and confident in competing with our peers and we’re competing against many of the same players in some of the other categories and we’ve got a proven ability to grow brands in mature categories. So I wanted to leave you with that thought. And then again, we didn’t talk much today about the Olympics, but the Olympics has been very good for our brands. We’re going to probably see some halo effect from a consumer perspective. And then we’re going to continue to focus on what we’re good at, executing, blocking and tackling, making sure that we have the best consumer engagement possible by supporting our products that we have in market, and then, of course, delivering against or exceeding our synergy and our working capital target. So, once again, just want to thank our talented team of employees, they are fantastic. We would not have been able to deliver the fantastic results this quarter without them. And so many, many thanks to our dedicated employees and thank you to all of you for joining us today. Have a great week.
Mark Belgya: Andrew, this is Mark Belgya. It would be the restated number if you will that would have been in the 8-K that we issued last month.
Mark Belgya: This is Mark Belgya. We put out $100 million and that will bring us up to about $140 million in total. There’s some upside, somewhat, which is the timing, we had a lot of activities tiding around the end of the fiscal year. So some of that came through. But we would expect that to continue to pace through. And again, we feel pretty confident or very confident on the $200 million by the end of next year. It might pick up a little bit in the pace during the year. We’ll have a little bit more color on that as we move through the next quarter probably. But we’re very pleased, I think, if I recall, at the end of fourth quarter, I think we were $50 million or $60 million recognized and picked up $32 million. So nice jump and we will see if we can keep that pace going.
Mark Belgya: Thanks, Rob, for the question. No, it’s not something that we would necessarily expect. We continue to be favorable and in input cost, I think in my comments in Consumer Foods, in particular.
Mark Belgya: But in terms of the current quarter what we saw a little bit of, and I think we mentioned this on call in June and then touched on today as well is that, in addition to the price declines we took, we also had some additional trade – came through sort of from a change in timing. So that too is considered price. So the combination of those two exceeded the net commodity cost reduction. But we wouldn’t expect that to continue throughout the year. So, obviously, the biggest pricing impact in general versus a year ago hit in Q1 because of the coffee. So just the pricing impact overall will be less as we move through. We will obviously still feel the 6% we took on coffee this year, but as you know, we lapped it otherwise. So a little bit of an anomaly. And I guess just if I can while I’m thinking of pricing and just sales in general, I think it’s – I would like to just lay this out there, and again, I respect everyone’s modeling. But if we do look at the combination of the milk and the impact of pricing the coffee had. And I guess, I’m just turning back to coffee a couple of months, those two pieces in total were probably about $90 million to $100 million of first quarter sales impact. So, we – I think in Mark’s script, the comments we talked about our sales being just slightly below plan. So we had factored a good portion of that And but certainly I can understand sort of the reaction when you see the negative seven year-over-year. So I just want to call that out as an additional data point for everybody.
Mark Belgya: Hi Alexia, this is Mark Belgya. What I would do – if I would say that our Consumer Foods business and it gets muddied a little bit, because of milk. But if you take the milk out we would still – we would expect that business to be up modestly. And then Coffee, it is going to get drug down a little bit in the continuing quarters just because of the 6% price decline we took here in July or – I’m sorry, May of this year. But short of that we will see some volume growth from that, which will offset a little bit of that price impact. So the math probably works out to somewhere kind of flattish I would guess if you just look at it – the Consumer Foods and the Coffee together is what you are calling U.S. Retail. And as we’ve mentioned, obviously, pets is going to be down some. So that would pull the overall average of those three reportable segments down below flat, probably negative 1 to 2 I guess.
Mark Belgya: Hey, Farha, to that what I might just add is that I guess to the – very later point, I think we’ve made pretty consistently over the years that we’ve owned first of all with the Crisco business and then in Coffee that there is always going to be timing as you the cost of that commodity with the pricing. But we’ve done a very good job both as price has gone up and price has come down and generally to maintain the margin dollars and grow those dollars over time. So I think we would – as Barry suggested, what we’re going to have to move is price being number three in the category, but focus on the fact that we have been able to grow those margin dollars over time.
Mark Belgya: Okay. Thanks Akshay for the question. In terms of total marketing spend for the total company, for the total year, we expect to be basically on our plan as expected. What you are going to see is you’re going to see a little bit of a shift in that. There is a likelihood – although the first quarter there was timing on Pet, most the 13% decline, I think we spoke to with Pet related. That’s going to shift, a good portion that’s going to shift in Q2. They’re probably still be a little bit less than plan for the whole year. However, in our other businesses, we’re seeing a little bit uptick in market. So net-net will be exactly where we thought we were going to be at the start the year, which is – I think around 6.2%, 6.3% sales.
Akshay Jagdale: Hey, first question is for Mark Belgya. So on the marketing spending and timing, thanks for calling that out first of all. But can you give us a sense of what the plan is now on total dollar spending relative to what it was? And where that – so give us some sense of where those funds are shifting to, like what quarter, and if there is any particular reason why they may have shifted even relative to your plan. Thank you.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. And then just a couple more sort of high level. First one is on coffee related to revenue management and perhaps your hedging strategy. And I know Mark, you’ve managed the cost of business as well. So in terms – as you look at the next three to five years, I mean, when do you – previous to your ownership, Folgers had a pretty open public policy hedging which won’t put [Technical Difficulty] uncertainty to the market on where sort of prices are going to go. And from talking to people in the industry, since you’ve gone away from that over the last four or five years, there has been a little bit more disruption competitively as a result, that’s one argument. Have you considered maybe just making a broader change there, where not only would it have [Technical Difficulty] but one would argue maybe it makes the competitive environment a little bit more rational? That’s one question. And I have a follow up on Pet.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. And just one on Pet, again a similar long-term focus question. I mean I understand there are some competitive issues on the dry side and you are sharpening your price points and that seems like – more like surgical moves. But the broader trend is the pet population seems to have started growing in the recent past, so that’s a good trend, and there’s a broader trend of premiumization. Your portfolio should be better suited to that than your competitors. I mean, are we entering a stage like we were like maybe four years ago on coffee, where there is a shift from mainstream to premium, a broader shift that we should be maybe thinking of in light of your exposure to the mainstream side? Is that what we are seeing broadly as people are premiumizing maybe the mainstream category is just over skewed and that’s why we are seeing as much competitive activity as we are seeing? Thank you.
