Richard Smucker: Thank you, Sonal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to have concluded another successful year for the company. As we overcame a number of challenges to deliver our 13th consecutive year of non-GAAP earnings per share growth. Let me begin by providing a few highlights for 2014. First, volume gains for the year were achieved in both, our U.S. retail segments. In Coffee, the Folgers brand grew 3%, driven by mainstream roast and ground. The Dunkin' Donuts brand continued its strong momentum with volume up 7%. Within Consumer Foods, our largest brands Jif and Smucker's grew volume 2%, while key categories, including Crisco oils and Pillsbury frostings were also up. Planned business rationalizations in our International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment impacted total company results. Overall, lower net price realization in our two largest categories of coffee and peanut butter, primarily attributed to the pass-through of favorable commodity cost and resulted in a net sales decline of 5% for the year. Second, our strong innovation pipeline enabled us to launch over 100 new items this year, spanning our key brands and categories, including items such as Jif Whips, Dunkin' Donuts Bakery Series, new varieties of K-Cups and exciting flavors of Pillsbury mixes and frostings. Looking back, we launched more than 250 items over the past three years, which contributed over $425 million or approximately 8% of net sales in 2014. Third, brand building efforts included our inaugural sponsorship of the U.S. Olympic team. Our analysis confirmed that our activation around the participating Smucker's, Folgers, Jif and Uncrustables brands, not only resonated with our core consumers, but as expected expanding our reach with millennial and other consumers garnering over a 1 billion impressions and relationship key retailers strengthened as we partnered with them for shopper marketing implementation. Activities around our sponsorship of the 2016 Summer Games are underway, applying learning gain through this initial effort. Fourth, cash from operations allowed us to execute on all four components of our cash deployment strategy. To that end, in 2014, we completed the enabling acquisition of Enray and its truRoots brand, providing further growth opportunities for our natural foods business and we invested $280 million in capital expenditures, including capacity expansion projects at our Scottsville, Kentucky and Toledo, Ohio facilities. We completed the new fruit spreads plant in Orrville, Ohio and started construction of our peanut butter facility in Memphis, Tennessee. We also increased the annual dividend paid by per share by 11%, representing our 12th consecutive year of dividend growth and continued payments of dividends for 55 year since we went public, repurchased nearly 5% of our shares, utilizing approximately $500 million in cash. Finally, we were able to realize record non-GAAP earnings per share of $5.64, an increase of 5%. Our 2014 results were achieved despite challenges in the current operating environment that included a sluggish economy, heightened competitive activity in several key categories and foreign exchange headwinds. While these challenges are expected to continue into the new fiscal year, history demonstrates our ability to manage near-term issues while continuing to be position the business for long-term success, which is why we remain confident that 2015 will represent another year of profitable growth. Mark will provide details on our guidance for the year, but before he does, I will briefly summarize the key areas of focus for 2015. These include furthering our brand support with continued innovation. We anticipate launching over 225 new items this fiscal year capitalizing on growing opportunities within the digital, social media and e-commerce space, continuing to support supply chain and growth initiatives, including expanding the operational footprint for the Jif brand, responding to consumers' needs for transparency of information and the desire or simple ingredients and clean labels, lastly, focusing on cash flow generation to support our cash deployment strategy. In summary, we were pleased with our 2014 performance. Our results would not be possible without our employees' perseverance and commitment to aggressively pursuing new opportunities for growth. As always, we thank them for their efforts. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our long-term strategy, in the strength of our brands and our ability to deliver ongoing profitable growth year-after-year. With that, I will now turn the call over to Vince to provide additional commentary on our fourth quarter performance.
Richard Smucker: I'll start with this. Andrew, it's Richard, and I will turn it to over to team, but we did see better results because of some of the pricing actions we've taken. We know, we pull all the levers we can where there is promotional pricing activities or merchandising activities and they all work pretty good. I mean, we came out of our third quarter, we were a little discouraged if you remember at the end of the third quarter and so we basically went back to our teams said we need to do whatever can to make the numbers and both, for the short and long-term and I would say the team delivered and we have just seen good merchandise and the trade, so I don't know if the team wants to answer that.
Richard Smucker: Yes. We do expect to see overall cost inflation as the cost of green without striping all the decreases in the sweetener oils and peanuts that I noted. In terms of margin percentage, we will have a favorable price to cost, which is contributing to the gross profit. Then the margins are going to be relatively comparable. Obviously, we are moving the top line a lot, so I don't think you are going to see significant change in the margin percentage, but just to underscore, we will see 4% gross profit gain for the year.
Richard Smucker: That's a good question, and you are right. There is more acquisition activity than there has been in the past couple of years. I think that relate to two major factors. The industry is not going to drop unless we don't like it to grow even though we have had some growth. We would still like to grow better and so we are looking for like many other companies looking for brands to join and companies to join us and so is everyone else. The second reason is, just a low-cost of the interest rates. Fed's policy of having low interest rates allows companies cost of capital to be lower and so they can pay higher prices and that's true for us also. We said before, we are going to pay up where it makes sense, but we still have very firm discipline and some of the multiples we have seen on areas that we don't think long-term would be good for us and so we have to still have that discipline, but with the interest rates where they are, our cost of capitals come down also. We are still out there, we are still looking for the best fit for Smucker's and we are still going to pay up their price for it, but we are not to go beyond paying the old cost of capital. We are in Warren Buffett's camp on that.
Richard Smucker: Ken, I'll start and then will turn it over to Mark Belgya and the team. Let's again reinforce what we had said. In the coffee and specifically we chose not to take a list price decreased, primarily on the back half of the year and using another lever we passed those cost savings on through promotional spending, so if you would look at our statement those promotional spendings would have been higher. Now that we have taken a price increase in effective this week, those dollars would, I'll say go away for the most part to maybe a more traditional level. Again, that really depends upon, particularly in coffee, where green position is versus our price too, so it's just a mechanism, so yes, it was higher in the fourth quarter. Again, how we chose the pass those costs long and how that was recognized in our statement.
Richard Smucker: Ken, this is Richard. You made one comment, I just want to make sure that you understand. You used the term, we will do whatever it takes to get the volume and will do whatever it takes to that hits our payout profit margins. As long it's good for the long-term growth of the business, but we want to make sure whatever we do is responsible. We go to our team, we don't say whatever it takes. We go to our team and say do whatever makes sense for the business long-term.
Richard Smucker: Can I ask about competitive dynamics in the different parts of the coffee segment? I'm thinking within K-Cups, are we through the worst? In premium costs obviously ramped up on Gevalia and working on a Cafe project. How is that developing? Then in the mainstream coffee are you still gaining share from the private label area? Maybe you could talk that through for me. Thank you.
Richard Smucker: Matthew, I will add just to that. In peanut butter just in general, there is a real emphasis today in the marketplace on plant-based protein and a lot of companies are focusing on that area and peanut butter is probably the largest plant-based protein in the marketplace, so I think we will continue to get some benefit from that. Our acquisition of Enray foods performance and the team - leadership that they have is another plant-based protein that we are writing on in the health food area, so we are excited about being in those categories.
Richard Smucker: It was primarily valuation and leaves us with a couple and we have been participating, but some of these multiples have been paid. Just don't seem to be at least for us the right one, so we are still looking.
Richard Smucker: I want to thank everyone for being on the phone today and I also again want to reiterate Mark's comments about Sonal and all your wonder comments about Sonal may not let her leave her position, so [Aaron], you have good big shoes to fill, so I want to thank everybody for being on the call and have a good week.
Mark Smucker: Sure, Eric. This is Mark Smucker. Yes, so the short answer is we do feel that our ability to pass-through is efficient. I guess maybe by way of grounding just to rewind the clock three-year, the last time we took an increase was May of '11. Since then, we took essentially three list price declines. Then this past year, we chose to use another lever, which was promotional spending to continue to bring our pricing down to remain competitive. We did take a 9% increase earlier this week. We did feel that as we have seen sustained increases, our realized cost increases in our costs that we needed to do that and we felt that taking the list price decline in this instance was truly the best lever to pull being more transparent with our customers and you know we don't think there's really any change in how we have managed the business historically. If you look at green coffee cost versus six months ago Arabica prices are still up about 60% - futures we are at, costs are still up.
Mark Smucker: Jason, this is Mark Smucker. As it relates to pricing and what you see in the marketplace on the shelf, generally speaking, you would start to see retailers reflect pricing very quickly, so there will be some reduction out of the gate on trade. Of course, we will continue to support our brands, but we feel very comfort with our marketing investments as well and making sure that we continue to support the consumer.
Mark Smucker: I think you will see some pull back on trade, but again I don’t think we disclose specifically what that is, but there are always will be trade and there always will be customer and consumers support as we support our business.
Mark Smucker: Thanks, Alexia. It's Mark Smucker. Why don't I take it, I'll do K-Cups last and just start with the core roast and ground business. Again, you know, as we said we have been very pleased with our performance in both of those segments. We have seen given the deflationary environment that we have been in, the branded businesses are doing very well versus store brands and then doing also very well versus our competition and that goes back to both, the support that we have had in place from a marketing perspective as well as managing our pricing, the gaps to our competitors and so forth. On the mainstream side, if you are looking at our recent share, you would see maybe a little decline, but I would tell you is that the interaction we have been seeing with our primary competitor in the mainstream segment has primarily been against our opening price point, where our core Red Can businesses compliments our Columbian items have all been doing very, very well and that looks to continue. Then of course Dunkin' goes without saying has done very well. Our Folgers Gourmet, sort of our lower tier in the premium segment has also been doing very well, so we have been very pleased with the results and we have continued to grow our share. One comment as I have reflected on Jason and Ken's earlier question just on trade. As we talk, we do use different levers to make sure our pricing is right, but I guess I would just like to say that you have to a little careful of what we say publicly just from a competitive standpoint, we want to be sensitive to make sure that we are divulging our strategies. Then finally on K-Cup, we have been just a little disappointed this quarter, because it is the first time we have seen some declines in our K-Cup business. That said, our Folgers brand has done very well and most of the declines having been driven by Millstone. Looking forward, we do feel that we have to continue to invest in that business. There continues to be a lot of noise and we need to make sure that our pricing is right. We need to make sure that our marketing is right and that we are investing there and we still feel confident that we can grow it with the introduction of our Bustelo K-Cup, we are restaging a few of our Folgers items. As we go through this summer and early fall, several of our customers are actually going to be resetting or restaging their shelves. Given the performance of licensed brands versus the unlicensed, licensed tend to have better turn rates, so we do feel that coming through those shelf resets that we will fare well.
Mark Smucker: Farha, this is Mark Smucker. In coffee, we are largely through all of our supply chain projects and have realized that savings, the one outstanding is the consolidation of Miami into New Orleans, which is on track related this calendar year. Then just total company as Richard mentioned and Mark, we are basically on pace to introduce more than 100 products again this year.
Mark Smucker: John, this is Mark, of course. In this most previous year, we did see a little bit more frequency of promotion and that will continue through this coming year, but pricing dynamics are generally consistent and we seen that price gaps versus both, private label and competition have remained more or less constant, but you are seeing a little bit more frequency of promotion.
Vince Byrd: Eric, this is Vince. I would just build one thing on Mark's point. When we were dealing with the issue a couple of years ago, we were talking about Arabica. They picked up well nearly over $3, and of course we are not at that level today, but your point is well taken.
Vince Byrd: Yes. Andrew, this is Vince. I think also we had good sell-through from a number of our top-20 accounts as a result of our Olympic activity and so since we got big consumer takeaway from those accounts due to our merchandising, I think we benefited from some of that in the fourth quarter as well, but as you indicated, it was declared in our scripted remarks we did have better than anticipated volume in our not only actually in our U.S. retail, but also in our Canadian retail business as well. Overall, we are very pleased.
Vince Byrd: Jason, this is Vince. We really don't have anything to report on that front. We continue to work with the Dunkin' organization, but there's really nothing new at this point and I really don't want to comment on the contract. I mean, other than to say that if it was ever to be launched, obviously, we would believe that would go through us.
Vince Byrd: Akshay, this is Vince. I just want to maybe summarize a little bit what Mark was saying and to answer questions, you are right that we typically don't go public with elements of our agreement, but we felt that we were being maybe disadvantaged that we weren't moving along with Green Mountain as maybe some of their other partners who tend to be more public, so that was a reason why we felt that it was important that we communicate that externally. As mark said, we believe our relationship with Green Mountain is as good as it's ever been since its inception. Then the other thing is, I think you alluded from Mark's comments is that this segment is going through transition and we just felt that we needed to continue to invest in it as we work our way through this transitional period of the new 2.0. As you know Green Mountain is signing up several retailer brands. There is a little bit of in some accounts where there is some underperforming SKUs et cetera, so are our bottom-line conclusion is we are going to continue to invest in it, take a little market hit and to make sure that we are competitive during that period.
Vince Byrd: Farha, this is Vince. Having said all that, we continue to look at the entire supply chain to make sure it's most effective and efficient as possible. As we have added acquisitions over the last 18 months, we will be looking at the entire distribution network to again see if we can find some additional savings.
Paul Wagstaff: Sure. Hi, Eric. This is Paul Wagstaff. Actually for us the Easter season was pretty good kind of across our brands that we promote during that time. On the baking side, we didn't promote as heavily as we have in the past years during that Easter season, but our seasonal did actually very well during that time. The Crisco business actually has had a very solid year overall and we've been up about 11% for total year and we are up 20% for the quarter and we were just frankly hitting on all cylinders with our customers with our promotions with merchandising, so frankly we just had a really good season.
Paul Wagstaff: Hi. Ken, Paul here. Paul Wagstaff. Overall, no we felt very good about our balance and how we promote, and compared to marketing spending and price declines or increases et cetera. In the fourth quarter, we didn't spend deeper to get more volume. We had solid plans for the Easter as I mentioned and our business came in kind of about as expected nice and solid for that quarter.
Paul Wagstaff: Hi, Matt. This is Paul Wagstaff. A couple of things just on peanut butter in general. As Mark has mentioned here a second ago, our higher peanut costs we do feel are behind us, so going into '15, we feel we will price very well, closer to one of the more normal average has been. Actually, in fact the crop looks great right now. Our coverage we are pleased with, so we feel - line cost wise with our competition, so we feel very good about peanut butter business overall. When you look at some of the innovation that we have coming out in that area, we have Jif Whips, which is a snack-type item. Their snacks is growing category and certainly have been doing well. Our Jif Whips continue to do well and we are pleased that. With Jif Hazelnut, we are re-launching that product in the plastic jar at a similar size for competition, we are investing behind all of these so we feel very, very good and comfortable with our peanut butter business and where it's heading in fiscal year coming up, so we are pleased with that.
Paul Wagstaff: Hi, Farha. This is Paul Wagstaff. First off starting with our fruit spreads projects that we completed this year, so as you know we can find a couple of our facilities in to our Orrville, our brand new facility and that plant is up and running and doing well, so we are pleased with that performance. We are also kicking off the production or the construction of producing peanut butter in our Memphis facility in Tennessee and that is on track and on budget as we speak and it should be peanut butter by fourth quarter of this year, so we feel pleased there. We have also had some additional capacity investments in our Toledo facility for our frosting line and that's up and running and doing very well, so on the consumer side we have made some significant investments and continue to do, so and we are track.
Paul Wagstaff: Hi, Chuck. Paul Wagstaff here. First off we talk about marketing investments and progress we have going into this upcoming year. We feel very well-positioned in all of our brands. We have couple of three key timeframes. One is back to school, we feel very well-positioned with our spreads business, peanut butter and fruit spreads, our promotion not only with your in-store activities, but also on TV. We have a lot of TV coming out on our brands. Then [time period], it's a little early, but we are in the process of starting to work with our retailers to lock those timeframes up as well. So far we feel pretty good, there is always some puts and - when it comes to kind of the oil business in that area, but on the baking side it's a category which is good about that and then of course for the rest of the year, at Easter time period being one of the biggest in the fourth quarter. That's too early to tell at this point, but we feel good in what we are investing as far as marketing is concerned and we will anticipate that delivering some good results.
Mark Belgya: Well, I think, in terms of the profitability, Andrew, if you take what we provided and - you are going to see gross profit gains in dollars of about 4%, which is pretty much in line with the sales growth. Obviously our coffee pricing, we are covering cost, so there is a little bit of slippage there, but I think what you will see as you work the P&L and we will get about 4% gross profit. We will pretty much hold that through in terms of net income and then we take up a couple of points of growth through the buyback.
Mark Belgya: David, this is Mark Belgya. I guess, the way I would answer your question is, as I said in my scripted comments, we expect all three segments to garner growth and segment profit. If you look kind of look at where we are seeing basically 4% profit growth, that's kind of spread reasonably equally across the group, so you can do your own math. That will get you some sense.
Mark Belgya: Jason this is Mark Belgya. To your first question on the breakdown of the 12% is predominantly priced about 11%, a couple of points of mix on table and then up plus 1 on the volume side.
Mark Belgya: Yes. That would be growing pretty much in line with - in my scripted comment I said sell-through was about 5% marketing basically in line at that.
Mark Belgya: Well, this is Mark Belgya. Generally that's true. I think, you are probably aware our structure varied a little bit [business] unit or in corporate, but there is certainly is a margin or an EPS component. Again, depending upon, if you look at the business side where the respective businesses finished, some were under some were over. In corporate we finished below are overall expectations, so the adjustment over the year to the accrual would reflect a lower bonus and long-term compensation expense. That will be reinstated next year for planning purposes obviously, so there is an incremental impact that is in the guidance range that we provided.
Mark Belgya: No. We would say that again, it's more aligned with the gross profit growth sort of that 4%,depend on how the rounding and what part of the range you used. In terms of the compensation increase, I would say it's probably about, I don't know about $0.03, $0.04 maybe.
Mark Belgya: Well, Akshay, first I would say the category leader is clearly Green Mountain. I mean, they developed the system. They clearly have the largest share, so having being partner with them is something we have always been very grateful towards and I have got a couple of other very good partners, so as a whole for those of us that you know we have talked for that are licensed, we do feel we have advantages. We are in the (Inaudible), we recently got access to new channels and so forth, so that's why we continue to be optimistic. I mean the partnership is really better than ever and we do still believe that the quality in those products continues to be strong and superior to many of the unlicensed. Typically in coffee, a lot of new items and across these higher coffee categories are in accepted and cut into the shelves at this time of the year whether it's small or large customers. Some customers have acknowledged that their sets maybe got too big and there were too many brands there. Others not so much and so usually this time of the year as we go into our first and second quarters that retailers, small and large are sort of having the reckoning with this category so this is the time when we would think that we would have potentially some wins. As it relates to the data, it's multiple source. We have a strong shopper insights team, category management and who will be forming from IRI among NPD and many other sources from that perspective. What we are seeing is it continues to be encouraging.
Mark Belgya: Okay. Akshay, it's Mark, again of course. The expansion in the contract that we typically haven't disclosed this time we felt it was a big enough deal. It is important to that and to emphasize it is consistent with other partners, so dollars channel or online, some more flexibility in the club channel and so forth. Those are some of the things that we were able regain. Obviously Green Mountain felt that was a win-win as well. Then in terms of margins, yes. In this past year that we just finished, they were in line with our segment. Going forward, as we said in the script, they will be below our segment average for a couple of reasons. As you know we did not take a price increase this week on K-Cup and we have seen some cost inflation overall in that area, but the primary reason is that although we feel that our Folgers brand will commend the price that we have been seeing on shelves. We do feel that we have to continue to invest to protect our franchise. By invest we mean in marketing for the consumer as well as continuing to support our promotional activity at the shelf.
Mark Belgya: Yes. Akshay, this is Mark Belgya. Let me just start and then guys jump in as you feel necessary. I think if you take a look at some of the items that hit our P&L in 2014 is, as Steve alluded earlier, whether its trade spend or some of the operational issues we had during the middle of the year, some of the disadvantaged cost position regarding peanut butter, those are items that we firmly believe that they are turning completely or turning in the right direction forward, so that's one reason we clearly feel more confident in terms of numbers. Again, depending on your perspective, you could have some different views on risk in terms of volume growth. Then kind of below the EBIT line, obviously, the interest rates for the most part and certainly the shares are locked in, so that 2-plus percentage points of growth that their certainty, so when we develop our plans as I am sure every company, you try to get the most reflective plan with the most current assumptions in it and thus we feel good about it. Are there risks? Certainly. I would not say there is any more risk this year than in any other prior year.
Mark Belgya: Matt, this is Mark Belgya. We really have stepped away from commenting on position and coverage and how that plays. I would just say that we feel comfortable and we accelerated on price and you can do some math around that. We feel comfortable that the costs are built in our guidance are reflective of where we are.
Mark Belgya: Yes. Farha, I guess only the point on the leverage is, if you look, we have a leverage ratios out there about 3.5 times, so our EBITDA is about $1.2, so we are sitting at roughly 1.5 times levered, so we can borrow up to $4 billion-ish, so a $2 billion just to do a cash and debt finance transaction, not that we are looking at that necessarily, but that kind of frames what possibilities could be.
Mark Belgya: Yes. Rob, this is Mark Belgya again. I think if you look at the last three years, we have actually exceeded 2%. We sort of have [sustained] 2% goal for plan, we don't include it, but certainly if there's no M&A opportunity, I think the recent history shows that repurchases is a viable use of our cash.
Steve Oakland: Certainly. Hi, Dave. This is Steve Oakland. Let me talk a little bit about one or two ways. Let me talk about the trade adjustment and the complexities in the foodservice trade environment and then we will talk about the business and why we think the business is still strategically the right thing for the long-term. In the foodservice market, the trade spend equation is very complex and the reason for that is the multiple layers involved in the trade spend and foodservice. Typically with a large national account, you've got a distributor at least one GPO. In some cases, two GPOs, so they are layered between those two business. Then the coffee business in particular is very strong in those segments of foodservice that use GPO, so the coffee business we bought is layered in these different things and there is a long lead time lag between when we ship this product, who we ship it to and then when we get in-voice and who we get invoice by for those trade spend, so for definition purpose, GPOs group purchasing organization, so to make sure everybody on the call knows what that is, which is phenomenon foodservice basically that help foodservice operators be effective procuring goods across the industry. With that complexity, to be effective there, you need a couple of things. You need process, you need systems and you need people and we moved that team last summer from Sara Lee's office in Chicago and we rebuilt both the process and the team. The key to that is, we now have a history overlay on that, so we feel comfortable that we can now given all of those lead times, we can make proper trade accruals. We can manage that system. That's why we feel good about it today. We are not good about where we are and how we have accounted for this year. We think the numbers were right, we are disappointed to bringing them the way we have, but the team feels they have their arms around it. With regard to the business, there's two real business segments here. There's the jam and there is the core liquid coffee business. That business at close came under a tremendous amount of competitive pressure and the good news there is it's never declined. Although we had a lot of pressure from large competitors and small competitors, we have fended that off. That business was flat the first year. It's been up slightly this year and we think with the Folgers brand and the new equipment it's positioned well to grow, so that's the jam in that business. The other side of that business is roast and ground cappuccino cocoa tea business. Quite frankly that's been the most challenged piece of that business. The volume we have lost there was due to the interdependencies that those segments that with the private label contracts that we exited, so now that those contracts are gone, we can start to rebuild those one at a time. Those contracts come up annually, semiannually, et cetera, so that's going to take some time, but we feel like we have the right brands, we have the right products. We have freed those now from those private contracts. We can go back and pick those products that make sense and those segments that make sense. It's a lot of work. That team is not happy with the results, but they're convinced that they have got the tools, the brands and the products to make it work and they are working really hard. We are working really hard to make it happen.
Steve Oakland: Farha, Steve Oakland. As I think you know, we've invested over the last couple years in our Scottsville, Kentucky plant for Uncrustables. We have seen nice growth in our consumer business there we manufacturing on average of over 1 million peanut butter jelly sandwiches a day across the country, so we're excited to be able to raise that number over the next year or two, so that plant has been invested in as well.
Steve Oakland: Hi, Chuck. Steve Oakland. You are right. In foodservice trade spend is really a different labor. Let me talk about when you talk about the back of house versus front of house brands. Our core portion control business those things are tabletop, front of house. Our relationship with Cumberland foods, sweet little sugar and the raw, those products were tabletop and front of the consumer. There is an enormous coffee business away from home, so when you segment that, there is a couple of key segments, where brand is important. Whether that would be office coffee or there are a couple where our Folgers brand plays well, but they are small. Now the downward was the liquid coffee business is strong in the most high volume of segments, which are healthcare, lodging, convention, places where a tremendous amount of casinos or tremendous amount of coffee is served at one given time and what we are selling there is brand yes, but it's technology. The downgradable system is the best in the world at high-volume, high quality coffee at a predictable cost, so you we are selling a different customer value experience in that environment, and the trade spend there is really programs spend that's really not passed on to the customer. It's a purchase contract rebate-type stuff.
