Mark Smucker: Andrew, thanks. This is Mark Smucker. So, yes, on reprioritizing company initiatives, I would just say that, that is really about taking a very detailed look at a lot of the actions and things that we’re doing as a company and really prioritizing those initiatives, which truly are going to drive the business. And where there are – now, I won’t get into specifics of where there are actions or projects that are not specifically driving the business, we may stop or postpone some or many of those activities. As it relates to Pet, your first conclusion is correct. I guess, let me just walk through a little bit more detail, because this is obviously the most important question that we could get today, and it is one that we clearly have to address and are addressing. I guess, I would start by saying that, we did not fully anticipate how broad and aggressive some of the pricing actions would be on trial sizes in premium dog food. This is specific to premium dog food and relatively specific to trial sizes. We had not seen this level of aggressive pricing in previous other interactions and other channels. And we viewed this trial size dynamic as temporary and somewhat unsustainable. So that would go to your question about, we don’t view this as a structural change. It clearly created a temporary misalignment kind of in terms of the value proposition and led to some of our consumers trialing ultra-premium product. But we do continue to believe that our consumers remain largely distinct, and would just like to assure you and our investors that we are taking aggressive steps to ensure we’re positioned properly in the market – marketplace across several levers, price is one, obviously, customer and merchandising support would be another, and then I mentioned brand support in the prepared remarks. But we would expect progress to be steady for Nutrish, particularly, obviously, we’re still talking about dog food in the back-half. And we would again expect mid to high single-digit growth for the remainder of the year. All of that said, were we disappointed in the results this quarter? Yes. But two things I would just like to hammer home. One is, more broadly, our pricing action that we had taken has stuck. And so we have been pleased with where we obviously took a broader pricing action across the portfolio that stuck. And then there are many other parts of the pet portfolio, which are doing very well. So that gives us confidence in the portfolio as a whole, but clearly, we have to address this more immediate issue.
Mark Smucker: Bryan, this is Mark Smucker, thanks for the question. You are correct. We use the phrase stick to your guns. So that is precisely what we need to do as it relates to supporting the brand, I talked about the advertising campaigns that are just beginning. So we’re just now beginning to see the fruits of our labor on the marketing. And there across nine or 10 brands, I think, I said nine in the prepared remarks are coming over the next couple of quarters. And so we’ve got to maintain, that’s why obviously the level of commitment to the marketing spend and then also making sure that we continue to support the innovation in the marketplace. So that is true across not just the 1850 and Jif Power Ups, but innovation in Pet. Although it started a little late, we’ve been pleased with the results we’ve seen customer pickup in line with our expectations. So it is a matter and large degree of continuing to be consistent and continuing to support those innovations for an extended periods to make sure that they gain traction in a foothold.
Mark Smucker: Rob, it’s Mark Smucker. I’ll start. We would expect them to be relatively consistent with last year. As you know, coffee costs are at 30-year lows, and they’ve been at 30-year lows for sometime. They continue to be at very low prices. So we have continued to use the lever of trade to make sure that we’re – our competitive position is strong, but we do not see any significant change in both the performance of coffee. We do expect it to come back and we are actually already seeing some momentum in the category across all the segments, and then margins will be more or less consistent with last year.
Mark Smucker: Well, frankly, because several of our lines and items are performing very well. In the prepared remarks, I mentioned how well our K-Cup offerings are doing. So we are seeing some expanded distribution in K-Cup, as well as in our premium coffee set as well. And in some cases that may be at the expense of competitors. But generally speaking, because our customers have seen good performance. They are, in several cases, taking on some expanded points of distribution.
Mark Smucker: Yes, in treats – in cat treats, we did see some shifting of timing. But again, as I mentioned earlier on the innovation piece, we have seen good customer acceptance. It is – some of the customers reset their shelves later than initially expected. So that drove some of the timing. But so far, what we’ve seen is in line with our projections that we’ve been pleased with the innovation pickup in general. And then as it relates to Nutrish, I won’t get into specifics other than to say and just reiterate that, again, the dynamic in the premium pet dog, dog food category was actually a couple of competitors. It was not only one competitor that there was some aggressive pricing. Obviously, we will respond to that, as I mentioned, we will make sure that our pricing, particularly on those trial sizes and other items is where it needs to be to compete. And then we will continue to support the brands, both at a customer level and as well as from a consumer support in terms of brand support and advertising.
Mark Smucker: Jason, if I may just add a couple of comments from a historical perspective. Just on the private label – just before I do that, on the private label piece, some of that was planned exit in Pet. We will expect to replace some of that more than likely in the fourth quarter. So there is this lag. So Mark comments were right in terms of the specifics of that being one of the factors. I guess, what I would just like to frame in is, clearly, as a CEO of this company, delivering on our commitments to our shareholders is a foundational priority. And so, we clearly – we won’t do our initial guidance in – on a top line, but we will do whatever is within our power to ensure that, that we deliver earnings growth. And as we’ve said before that we’re in the business for the long-term. The progress is not linear and it can be lumpy. This quarter is an example of lumpiness. And it is – we have been in previous years many times with a back-half loaded plan. And so that is not new. And for those of you that have covered us for a while, you’ve experienced that in many different years. I guess, I would point to and clearly we don’t measure our success on a single quarter. But I would point, if you look back historically, in fiscal 2017, our business was declining at 3%. In 2018, it was declining around 1%. And last year, we were flat. And this year, we intend to deliver some positive growth. So if you look at that annual trend, clearly, we’re moving in the right direction. And that’s – that, obviously, is the goal, and our entire company is focused on making sure that we can deliver the guidance that we set for.
Mark Smucker: So I’ve talked on previous calls – this is Mark Smucker. I’ve talked on previous calls about the breadth of the category and how – there is a very broad pricing set from ultra premium all the way down to value. And fundamentally, there is a similarly broad set of consumers that are looking for all different need states. So our portfolio is very broad as well. We believe it clearly meets many of those need states, but really supporting those brands and continuing to drive our marketing investment against those is clearly going to have a strong impact. I would point to the fact that, Kibbles – you referenced Kibbles is a relatively small piece of the portfolio. Meow Mix is another example of a brand that is a mainstream brand, but it grew at 8% this year – for this quarter. So about 65-ish percent of dog purchases is roughly in the premium and in our portfolio is in the premium space. So our portfolio does queue little premium. And so again, regardless of which segment we’re talking about premium or value, it’s all about communicating with the consumer, getting the price right at shelf, supporting the brands at shelf and making sure that our advertising is speaking to the consumer it’s intended to.
Mark Smucker: I – this is Mark Smucker. I would just say there will probably be some reversal in coffee, we are seeing that and probably some in peanut butter. I don’t think we’ve quantified that. As we’ve said before, occasionally, customers do make inventory adjustments, you can’t predict that. And this was one of those instances, but we continue to be encouraged by the trends, particularly on coffee. We have seen some nice pickup, as I mentioned on peanut butter, and particularly versus other brands. And then again, one thing we didn’t know in coffee is that the Dunkin’ canister. We’ve had a lot of questions about that in the past. And that product is doing extremely well and it’s highly incremental, much more incremental than we expected. So we are not cannibalizing ourselves as much as we have originally expected and it’s actually supporting category growth as well. So all of the things continue to give us confidence. And again, the inventory thing is sort of, we deal with it when it happens and this is one of those instances.
Mark Smucker: Yes, you are correct. There was some, as I mentioned before, some delayed shelf reset, which caused customers to take them later than we expected. Again, the Milk-Bone long-lasting chew items are doing very well. And so again, I know we are seeing the right level of pickup, meeting our projections a little later than expected, but it’s going well. And there are other new product launches that are coming throughout the remainder of the year. So it’s not all in yet, if you will.
Mark Smucker: Alexia, it’s Mark Smucker. As a CEO, I remain very committed to being transparent with our investors. And given what we know this quarter, we, despite being disappointed in the guide down, we felt that it was the right thing to do and making – just making sure that we’re having transparent and focused conversation about our results and what we truly believe we can deliver. So it is my obviously imperative to continue to ensure that we’re providing that level of transparency going forward. So it’s just – it’s where we feel comfortable.
Mark Smucker: Well, I don’t think it’s going to ebb. I mean, we’re – we’ve been competing for 122 years, it’s not. So that’s a fair comment. What I would say is, again, we’re in three amazing categories that are all, essentially snack, pet and coffee growing faster than center store in aggregate. So we’re in good categories. Most importantly, we have leading brands, and in many cases, number one brands that are really flagship brands within each category, or within segments of categories. And so that clearly gives us a competitive strength and gives us the permission to compete and obviously, to lead in many cases with price. As we’ve done, I would point to as well, even in Pet, as you had new entrants come in, and despite being somewhat disappointed with our results in premium dog, we actually retained more points of distribution than other competitors did in – when those new entrants came in. So again, pointing to the fact that that being a leader, having strong brands, will allow us to continue to compete effectively. But it is – there is a lot of competition, and we just have to continue to be disciplined, do the right things for our brands, support them through marketing and make sure that our pricing architecture is fair and supports the equity of those brands.
Mark Smucker: So I would – okay. So first of all, we are committed to doing marketing on all of the nine brands that we discussed. You should have seen both new advertising on Jif and Smucker in the market, or in the marketplace. And we feel very good about those and the ability of those to drive. top line. Where you would see that we will be pulling back is less so on media, it’s really on challenging ourselves on non-working marketing dollars to make sure that those spends are truly necessary. And so where we can drive efficiencies out, it’s in those areas that are what we would call non-working marketing dollars. But supporting the brands and stuff that you would see going to consumers, that’s what we’re committed to making sure it’s out in the public domain and we’re reaching our consumers. So those areas we need to protect.
Mark Smucker: We’re trying to stay focused, obviously, on the brands that we have. Recall that we recently made significant realignment to our portfolio by divesting the baking business. So we’re very comfortable with the brands that we have and they all need support. Some need more support than others. And so they’re not all created equal. But because of where we are, we are focused on these three categories and need to continue to support these brands. The type of marketing can differ. So you may see, for example, or you may probably have seen a brand like Cafe Bustelo, we do a lot of experiential marketing. We do pop-up cafes. We had a coffee shop in Houston for about, I think, it was about three months. And so those types of marketing are different. So it’s not always on air, television advertising, but there will be a lot more of that. Earlier in your question, you mentioned that we’re – I don’t know about a year in, well, yes, we’re a year into restructuring our marketing functions. But we’re at the very beginning of launching new creative work on all of these brands. So the way in which we’re communicating with consumer, making these brands relevant in today’s culture, that’s what’s changing. And you’ve only begun to see the beginnings of that. So look for a lot more of that over the next, call it, six months or so.
Mark Smucker: Yes, I guess, Rebecca, this is Mark Smucker. I would just add that some of the development of new products, if you will, falls under our innovation team. So there are some costs that are in that space. In fact, we actually – my leadership team has a meeting later today to actually review innovation that is further out two to three years out. And so that is something that we do as a team. We involve marketing and R&D and everybody is in the room. So we feel good about our process. We know we have significant R&D facilities here on site in Orville, pilot plants for pet and coffee and some of our Consumer Foods businesses. So we’re pretty, I think, we’re – we feel that we’re in a good place and the process that we have in place is very disciplined and it’s working.
Mark Smucker: So again, thank you all for listening in today. We appreciate you taking the time, given the fact that this quarter, clearly, we had a hiccup. We just want to reinforce our commitment to doing what’s right, remind the group that we really do manage our business year-over-year. And if you look at our annual performance, it has steadily improved over the last few years. And despite being disappointed with this quarter, we still feel very strongly that our strategy is right, as we’ve seen evidence that it’s working in multiple areas of our business, and just remaining committed to being transparent with you all and appreciate the support and the time that you’ve spent with us today. Thank you.
Mark Belgya: Hey, Andrew, this is Mark Belgya. Just to tag onto the first question. Obviously, the refocus, if you will, on prioritization is to address and drive the matters that are most affecting the business. But it just also underscores the comfort, it was in my scripted comments, where we will see a reduction in our SD&A. So not only is it resulting an emphasis on the key areas that we need to go after, but it is going to have a cost reduction. And that’s again, allowing us to stay – hit our guidance with – recognizing that our planned sales are down a bit.
Mark Belgya: It’s real. But I – yes, thank you for raising it, because I think it’s an important note. I will give a lot of credit to our teams. We look at this – at the most detailed level and the intent was not to just cut dollars, it really was to identify opportunities that can maximize return. And in those events that just were not going to achieve, we just took a hard line and either postponed or cancelled. So while there will be a reduction in marketing, we still very comfortable with all our new creative that we’ve been talking about for months will be coming on air over the next several weeks in support of our innovation. So we’re comfortable with it, but it will be lower.
Mark Belgya: Yes. Bryan, it will come from both. I won’t get into specifics – between those two specific buckets, but it will come. And so if you just think about what we have talked about in the last couple of quarters as well as our Investor Day and at CAGNY, we really have focused on portfolio. We’ve also talked about our growth brands, our base brands. So we see growth coming in both our growth brands, in our core brands. So in our base brands, we see it coming from Nutrish as it – as we address some of the issues that Mark discovered. We also see Uncrustables as being a contributor, particularly in the back-half of the year. With our plant in Longmont, Colorado, coming on Board, we’ll see volume gains there that will allow us to increase sales. We also see our coffee brands, particularly Dunkin’ and Bustelo will drive growth that it will see that the core – or the – I’m sorry the growth brand. And then in the core, we’re going to see our coffee business turnaround in the back-half, as well. So we did the combination across those both areas.
Mark Belgya: Yes, Bryan, I would – this is Mark Belgya. I would just add that a little bit as an add on to my last comment, Andrew, is that, on the marketing side, we went through and we identified what we felt was a reasonable reduction in areas. But the intent was to make sure that we maintained the dollar support from marketing that was necessary to support that innovation pipeline. So if you look at what we have done historically over the last couple of years and what we’re going to do even more this year around the cost reductions is, while we’re clearly trying to identify opportunity to help deliver the guidance in light of the lower sales volume, we also – the organization recognizes the importance of folks sticking to our guns and providing the financial support to do that. So it’s sort of an all in to get that cost structure such that we can continue to protect that that innovation.
Mark Belgya: Hey, Rob, this is Mark Belgya. Yes, I – absolutely, what Mark is saying, obviously, the 20%, call it, 28% we have for the quarter is below where we typically look. And where we will see the pickup over the back three quarters will come just from continued lower cost as a key driver, and then just getting the volume back quite candidly will help. And then that brings to it obviously things like favorable rate absorption. So there are some drivers that will help turnaround what you saw in first quarter to get back to sort of last year’s numbers.
Mark Belgya: Yes, Rob, this is Mark Belgya, again. It wasn’t necessarily new items. It was just we anticipate increased distributions that it will be more of a second quarter and a go-forward as opposed to the first quarter. So it’s not necessarily just innovation, it is also some base business across the brands.
Mark Belgya: So, Pam, this is Mark Belgya. Let me just start. So if you look at – let me just take a step back and sort of say where the top line, what droves Q1 and sort of what we expect from volume/mix over the remainder of the year. So for the reasons that Mark and I outlined, particularly the timing of shipments, notably, coffee and peanut butter that we’re really strong in Q4. So that drove our volume/mix some in Q1. So the thing is, you have to remember, too. You Probably know this, when we have that volume impact with particularly those two categories, those are highly profitable and high dollar value item, so we get sort of a double whammy and thus the vol/mix. As we look forward, we still expect to see volume increase – volume/mix grow because of the fact of the matter is, there’s going to be innovation coming across the various categories – across various brands as well. So that will drive. I don’t know if we’ll really get into the specifics on each segment. But again, we said organic growth should be positive for the year, and it is going to be a combination, as I said earlier, it will be our growth brands. So again, Nutrish, Dunkin’, Uncrustables and that’s some innovation, that’s obviously capacity come on Board Longmont. And then for some of the things that Mark just spoke to, for example, on the K-Cups and other coffee areas, we’re going to see growth there. So it is sort of the same story. I’d say that the biggest change for maybe what we said back in June is that, the impact of the strong fourth quarter probably drove – had a bigger impact on shipments than we would have assumed in Q1.
Mark Belgya: Hey, Jason, it’s Mark Belgya. I guess, I would just without getting specific, I would just say that it was a primary driver of the overall mix for the company. We said the 4%, 3%, that was volume/mix and a fair portion of it was related to that.
Mark Belgya: So let me start with your second first question first. So as I said earlier, the team spent an incredible amount of time over the last several weeks identifying these opportunities. And we recognize that our investors and our followers question the ability to hit the earnings in the event that we cannot drive the sales performance that we’re estimating. So I would suffice it to say that we have – we’ve looked beyond just covering some of the costs that are necessary and anticipate that the top line, if it delivers even fall a little short that we feel that the guidance range is achievable. In terms of the sales, you’re right, it is definitely a back-half loaded forecast. And I guess, as I think, I mentioned earlier, it really is coming through a number of areas. But if you just look across the portfolio, we are going to see significant improvement in our growth brands in Q – particularly Q3 an 4, but over the back nine months, and that is going to be driven by Nutrish. And we feel with the actions that the teams have taken and are taking, we will reverse first quarter performance. We also feel that the Dunkin’ and Bustelo, again, some of these distribution gains as well as some innovation are going to benefit. And one of the things that actually will help by going away is this private label, which had a big impact on Q1, which is $26 million. We’ve got another $20-plus-million coming primarily in Q2, that pretty much goes away in Q3 and completely goes away in Q4. So that’s a big drag that we don’t have as well. So that’s the primary areas that we see, I think, the programs we have in place. And again, I know that you guys, we haven’t gone on air with – except for Jif and Smucker’s our new advertising. But we really believe that will be a driver of volume growth in the back-half as well.
Mark Belgya: So, Rebecca, this is Mark Belgya. We – obviously, as we go through our long range planning and our budget on an annual basis, we always give consideration to making sure that we’re appropriately supporting R&D and we’ll continue to see opportunities. But right now we feel the spend and the talent that we have with that is excellent. And I think just based upon some of the innovation we brought to market is probably the best evidence of that. In terms of the reference to, I think, what you were saying was basically sales that have come from new products, which we would define as over the last three years. That number peaks and valleys a little bit, if you think about a few years ago, when we launched Dunkin’ Donuts K-Cups the years that followed that had a bigger hit than a normalized year. So you’ve got to watch that a little bit. We think it is our innovation, a particular platform innovation we spoke to over the last year continues to flow into the market. You’ll see that percent of total sales represented by new products will increase maybe to more of the levels that you’re accustomed. But I just put a little cautionary tale out there, depending if you just take an absolute change.
