Tucker Marshall: Andrew, good morning. You are correct. On a comparable net sales basis, we are intending on being up about 2% at the midpoint of our guidance range. That growth is predominantly driven by the benefits of higher net price realization that we will see in the second quarter and beyond for the balance of the fiscal year. But underlying that, we do see some organic growth through our portfolio. As you think about the continued momentum of the Uncrustables brand within the consumer business, as you think about the advancement of both Cafe Bustelo and Dunkin' in coffee and then you also think about the performance of our pet snacks business within the pet portfolio, and then we are anticipating on seeing a return of growth within the away-from-home business which we experienced in the fourth quarter. And then, I would also share that despite the continued at-home consumption that we intend to experience, we are also factoring any deceleration there as well that is factored into our top line along with some price elasticities due to the increase that we are taking throughout the portfolio on the price front. So, that's how we're seeing the composition of the top line at this point. I'll pause and see if Mark has anything else from a strategic front.
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, I think if you work through the math what you'll find out is that the pricing -- the price increase that is being taken is being reduced by some down volume on a year-over-year basis, because of factoring in the deceleration and increased at-home consumption, along with the potential price elasticity assumption that we've made there. So when you look at volume, mix, other, we would intend for that to be down in a low single-digit basis.
Tucker Marshall: Chris, as you think about the SD&A change year-over-year and the decrease, that's primarily driven by our ongoing cost and margin management programs, inclusive of our organizational realignment. And so you would see a portion of that $50 million come through. That is also inclusive of us continuing to sharpen the pencil on our marketing spend, not only from a non-working perspective, but also from a timing of marketing spend, where we spend a bit more in the fourth quarter. And so that's what you're seeing coming through. And then lastly, I would just acknowledge that we did have an incentive compensation reset as well year-over-year due to the strong performance in FY '21.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. Ken, I would break it down this way and maybe just take it by each of the businesses to help you -- answer your question, I think in consumer, what we are seeing is continued growth across the Uncrustables brand as you've noted. I think what you're seeing is, continued momentum in the spreads business, but that should be down year-over-year just due to the lapping of the unprecedented year. And then, you come into the coffee portfolio, we should continue to see growth and strength in the Cafe Bustelo and Dunkin' Brands, but you will see a deceleration in the Folgers brand because of just the intense stock up in consumption throughout the year. But we still believe in the strength of that brand and its underlying performance. As you come into the pet category, we should continue to demonstrate growth in pet snacks across that portfolio and then continue to work through the performance not only on Meow Mix and its delivery, but also in the stabilization of just the overall dog food portfolio. And so, what we have thought about in crafting the volume/mix side of this is; is just one, the year-over-year impact of just deceleration and at-home consumption. What we've also considered is, is how we can continue to advance the momentum in the business due to what we've captured through the pandemic. And then lastly is that we just acknowledge that we've had to take into effect some price elasticities as we've taken pricing across basically the entire portfolio. And then lastly, I don't want to leave out the Away From Home or Canadian businesses, but we intend, particularly for Away From Home to come back to growth. We're kind of anticipating that growth return to get to kind of 80% to 90% of pre-pandemic levels.
Tucker Marshall: No. Rob, good morning. And again, I appreciate the question. Candidly, we've gotten it from some others. So hopefully it helps clarify for the whole group. What likely you've read in the press release and our supplemental pages in the back is our reconciliation table and when we have the line item that says derivative gains and losses, that is not a new line item in our guidance table. It has been a consistent approach over the years. And what we attempted to do this year was improve the financial reporting disclosure on that line item. So, I would encourage you and others to read the footnote there that fully describes what that line item is, and again, its consistency overtime. But more specific to your question, you're likely referring to the $0.43 benefit. What that is, is it's unallocated derivative activity both hedging gains and losses that are held at corporate that will ultimately be released during the upcoming financial period in order to match a future cost. And so, those two items go hand in hand in order to deliver the guidance range of $8.70 to $9.10.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. So, maybe just pulling up for a second, what we are experiencing in the delivery of our fiscal year this year is two components of timing. The first component of timing is that we are seeing inflationary costs impacting the entire fiscal year with the predominance, almost 60% of that impact, occurring to us in the front half of the fiscal year or the first half of the fiscal year. But more importantly, in the first quarter is the predominance of that. And we have taken pricing action that will be reflected in the month of July, but really is having a three quarters impact. And so as a result of that, 60% of the pricing benefit that we're seeing is really coming in the back half of the fiscal year. And so, as a result of that, matching of the cost and the price recovery you're seeing the impact on the gross profit margin, not only for the first quarter, to your point, but also for the front half of the fiscal year, with improvement in the back half of the fiscal year. And so, to your point, you will see the gross profit diminution in Q1 and to some extent in Q2 and then you'll see the recovery in Q3 and Q4.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. So, share repurchases are definitely one component of returning cash to shareholders. But I think where we're seeing the near-term priority is; one, continuing to invest through capital expenditures in support of growth of brands like Uncrustables among others; two is, increasing the quarterly dividend; three is, continuing to pay down debt in order to maintain our leverage profile of around 2.5 times. And then, where we don't have strategic opportunity either through capital spending or through acquisition opportunities, we would then look at share repurchases as another form of returning cash to shareholders. So, hopefully that gives you a context of the upcoming priorities. But again, we are committed to that balanced capital deployment model
Tucker Marshall: Laurent, good morning. So, we did note that on a two-year stacked basis, looking at FY'22 guidance at the midpoint versus FY'20, we'd anticipate the total company to kind of be on a 3% to 4% compounded annual growth. And when we think about that, what we're seeing here is, and again, without decomposing every component is, one is the benefits of higher net pricing that are coming through this fiscal year, primarily to offset increased input commodity costs. We are also seeing the continued benefit of the momentum across the various elements of our business that I've spoken to, whether it'd be Uncrustables or advancing Dunkin' and Cafe Bustelo or the advancement of cat food. And then, as Mark spoke on the inventory front, we will continue to work to get to the right inventory levels, both within our infrastructure and also within our customers and we will continue to do that over time. But I think the first half of the fiscal year, inventory levels will still be pretty lean, just as we work through supply chains that continue to remain a bit tight but yet are still working supply chain. So that's kind of how we're thinking about that growth on a two-year stacked basis. I might just share that we are seeing performance coming through on that two-year stacked basis across the predominance of our U.S. retail businesses, all three, along with a return to growth in the Away From Home business. But again, it won't be at a 100% pre-pandemic levels by the end of this year and continued momentum in the international business as well.
Tucker Marshall: That is correct. But the one comment I would make to that is, is we will continue to layer on hedging and risk management strategies in preparation of planning for FY'23 in order to deliver FY'23. So the "bucket" never really goes to zero, right. You always have your hedging activity that comes through there at corporate and then will get allocated when it's realized against -- when it's realized against the cost. And so, what I don't want to assume that it's a one-time anomaly, it's not. If you rewind to a year ago, roughly today, you would see a very similar line item in our press release then too. Now sometimes, it's a gain; sometimes it's a loss. Like it's just -- it's depending upon the underlying strategy against the underlying cost that's embedded in your P&L.
Tucker Marshall: It was more to improve the presentation and hopefully the readability for all users of our press release inclusive of bringing a little bit more symmetry or comparability to our Form 10-K. So it was something that we did on our financial reporting front and is not a mechanic change.
Tucker Marshall: Alexia, why don't I just talk a little bit about the -- maybe the trend in coffee to some of the cost and margin comments you made, and then Mark can talk a little bit more about the pricing component or dynamic. But we still, at big picture, remain committed to that, greater than 30% coffee margins at the segment level. We anticipate seeing a minor deceleration year-over-year, but still staying at pretty strong margins in coffee on a full year basis. But as I noted in some of my prior comments, there is a bit of timing of the pricing actions that we're taking that will really be effective in the month of July and kind of realized in Q2, Q3 and Q4 against the cost structure that's coming right in front of us in Q1. And so, you likely will see a pretty substantial margin decline in coffee in the first quarter with a nice rebound in the second, third and fourth quarters. But again, still supporting that low-30% on a year-over-year basis. So, I'll pause there and hand it to Mark just on the pricing front.
Tucker Marshall: Why don't I go ahead and get started here? Good morning. What we are seeing is high-single digit to double-digit specific commodity cost increases year-over-year, so the actual given commodity or unit, which is translating into a mid-single-digit increase in our total cost of goods sold, which is then, on average, looking like a low to kind of mid-single-digit price increase at the top line on average. I don't know that we're going to break it down by the given categories but I'll pause Mark and just see if there's anything to add, just on the pricing front.
Mark Smucker: Hey Chris, this is Mark. Thanks for the question. I have been incredibly proud of this team and how they've been managing through the supply challenges of the past 16 months or so. I think we have fared very well in the scheme of things in just -- just in terms of our supply meeting demand. It has not been easy. But again, I think we have continued to perform reasonably well. It will take us the better part of the front half of the year for our inventories to get back to what we would consider sort of normal levels. But again, just managing the supply-demand dynamics on a daily, if not hourly, basis has really allowed us to perform.
Mark Smucker: Yes, you're right, Ken. It is the total Uncrustables business, those numbers, and it's approximately a 70-30 split between retail and Away From Home. We continue to bring new capacity online to make sure that we're meeting demand, so that's why we continue to have a lot of optimism around that brand.
Mark Smucker: Hey Rob, it's Mark. The trade environment as we see it is generally returning to normal. I would remind you guys that trade is one of the levers we use for pricing. And depending on our underlying costs and where our trade levers are, we could use that lever in our pricing actions. But you will see net pricing across almost all of our categories come through likely in the second quarter as a lot of our pricing actions will be taking effect in July. But for the most part, the trade environment is not dissimilar from what it has been historically.
Mark Smucker: Laurent, it's Mark. So, first of all, as it relates to taking on two sales forces, which has been a great decision, if I do say so myself, because it really provides focus. And it allows our teams and businesses to really focus on the unique dynamics of the pet category and the pet consumer which is we refer to as a pet parent and the way they shop the category. So I won't go into specifics on the specific wins. But we're already seeing a higher degree of focus, a stronger degree of strategic engagement with our customers because as you know, they think about pet as a separate category as well. And so, our engagement with our retail customers is really critical and we're already starting to see the benefit of that. Our pet strategy, you will recall is focused, first and foremost, on pet snacks, the premiumization of Milk-Bone, the launch of other new products in snacks under the Meow Mix and Nutrish brands. So continuing to push out our leadership position in snacks. We have a number two position in cat and we will continue -- we've had good performance over the course of the year in Meow Mix and we will continue to support the brands in cat through traditional means as well as innovation. And then, in our dog portfolio, we continue to focus on the stabilization of the Nutrish brand, which is going reasonably well, expecting some modest growth overtime on that brand. But Nutrish for us is really a total master brand strategy. So it is not just dog food. It is snacks as well as cat and wet dog as well. And so making which -- in those cases those segments, we would expect to grow faster than our dry dog food on Nutrish. So snacks first, then cat, and then stabilization of our dog food portfolio is really where we're going to be focused going forward.
Mark Smucker: Yes, Jason. The first thing I would say is, we spent a tremendous amount of effort this past year, making sure that we come out of this pandemic a stronger company. And so, that really means that focusing on the actions that we are taking and whether that's ensuring that we can retain as many of the new consumers as we gained, ensuring that we can continue to invest in marketing and in those areas where we're going to see the most growth and ensuring that we can engage with the new consumers and the proof points thus far have been that we have continued to see solid share gains as well as repeat purchase. The external factors and tailwinds that are going to continue to help us is, see, our expectation and what you're seeing across industries is that folks are not going back to work in the way they once did. So, there is going to be some hybrid approach. Our own company is no exception of how often folks are physically in an office versus at-home. And people are going to be spending more time at home, which means they're going to be treating their pets more. And in particular because we're in -- our coffee and consumer categories are focused primarily on breakfast and lunch, those two eating occasions are going to -- are going to continue to take place at home at a more elevated pace. So we think those tailwinds are going to continue to help you know more pet households, and just more people brewing coffee at home are just a couple of examples of -- on how we should continue to benefit from some of those external tailwinds.
Mark Smucker: Rob, it's a very good question and it's one that we've consider across our portfolio. And an example that I would use is, in coffee, right. We assume that we would have continued at-home consumption trends through the first half of the year and then it would slow down a little bit. And it's not only due to the government stimulus, but it's also due to the new -- the new lifestyle or habits or migration patterns of consumers, right. They'll balance not only working from home in a remote environment, they would go back to an office environment. So that would be one example that we did factor in. So, I guess what I would say from a planning perspective is, is that before we dove into the -- all the mechanics of the financial plan, we step back and made some assumptions around macroeconomic impacts or just overall sort of social impacts and those were considers.
Mark Smucker: Yes. So, don't have the sheet right in front of me, but what we have anticipated -- just let me pull it here and I'll look it up for you, Rob. Thank you. What we have anticipated is, on a full year basis, we would see growth across pet. We'd probably see some stability across coffee. On the consumer side, you would see some growth as well. And then in your international and Away From Home, you would also see some growth due to the return of the Away From Home segment. The pet and consumer growth that we're talking about is -- again it's low-single-digits. The coffee, as I've noted, is consistent year-over-year. And you think about the international, Away From Home segment, that's probably in a mid-single digit plus just due to that recovery in Away From Home. And I would just acknowledge as the footnote there is, that's all on a comparable basis, excluding the impact of the divestiture activity year-over-year.
Mark Smucker: Yes. Alexia, as you know, coffee is a pass-through category. And so we'll pass through cost to customers and consumers either up or down. And so we've -- that has always been the case as long as we've been in the coffee business. Of course, we have a very robust hedging strategy. We are constantly using whatever instruments that are at our disposal to ensure that the delivered cost is consistent with how we plan the business. And then, I guess the only other comment I would make about coffee is we have been very successful in our strategy to ensure that our portfolio tracks with the category. In other words, the growth of Dunkin' and Bustelo has been phenomenal and that was -- that's been intentional because we know that there has been continued premiumization. And then, of course, the shift to single serve or K-Cups, our brand outperformed the category in this last quarter. And so, we feel very good about where the total portfolio is positioned. And then some of the reinvigorating efforts that are coming on Folgers in the back half of the year should continue to help our total coffee business.
Mark Smucker: Thanks for the question, Alexia. It starts with finding the right brands at the right price and we obviously want to be prudent in terms of the multiples that we're paying for any acquisition. Our lines are, if you will, continue to be in the water and we do continue to look at assets as they come available. We've clearly done -- have been very proactive in terms of reshaping our portfolio most recently with these two divestitures. We will continue to be committed to the three categories that we are in and to the extent that we can continue to take leading positions in those three categories, we will do so. And, as it relates to other categories, I think we wouldn't comment on potentially new categories other than to say, if there are categories that are growing and have attractive assets, we will consider them.
Mark Smucker: Yes, Pamela, I would just add that, you know, pricing is something that we're always managing. It's part and parcel to our business. We have seen inflationary pressures throughout the last year really starting as far back as April of 2020. And so it's a critical component of our business. We feel that managing through the inflation and the pricing is manageable and in order to do that we've got to continuing to partner with our retail customers, making sure that those -- the cost recovery is justifiable and that at the end of the day it's a win-win for them as well. So, very comfortable with the actions that we need to take, and obviously built in some reasonable assumptions into our plans for the year-end guidance.
Mark Smucker: Yes, it's Mark again, Pamela. 12% was the number I think in the script -- the scripted comments in terms of how much of our business is on e-commerce. It definitely skews towards pet and then coffee would be a second, not a close second, but a second. And again, thinking of e-commerce as both pure play as well as the click-and-collect model. We continue to focus on the profitability of that business through price pack architecture and things like that, but do not expect that consumers will return to brick-and-mortar purchases for those who have already made the migration to e-commerce. We believe that that migration is here to stay.
Mark Smucker: Thank you. Thank you to all of you for taking the time today. We're incredibly proud of our performance for the fourth quarter and the year and continue to have optimism moving forward, obviously focusing strongly on ensuring that we have emerged from this pandemic a stronger company with some very keen priorities and capabilities, and just appreciate the support. And really, thank you to our employees for their delivery in this record year. Have a great weekend.
