Mark Smucker: Thank you for the question. We are very much committed to continuing to invest in our brands and that as we have over the last two years and going forward, we will remain very committed to spending the requisite dollars against our brand. I would highlight couple of our previous comments on our more recent calls that we have become more efficient in our spend and we have been able to get better bang for our buck on our marketing spend and also just the fact that there has been so much inflation makes the percent of sales look lower or lower but in terms of what we're committed to we did have a little bit of a down quarter but I want to be very clear with all of the, our investors that we are committed to maintaining the momentum, we've had great, over two-thirds of our brands continue to grow or maintain share and so our strategy clearly is working, shifting our resources to the highest growth opportunities and in this inflationary environment is really only so much you can spend, but rest assured that we are committed and we will continue to support our brands now and ongoing.
Mark Smucker: Laurent, its Mark, thanks for the question. Obviously, we're incredibly pleased with Uncrustables, 31 consecutive quarters of growth, double-digit in all but maybe one or two of those quarters. So, and then we have essentially hit our $0.5 billion sales target more or less a year early. So, on a 12-month run rate basis, we have already achieved that goal and you are correct. We are adding capacity in Colorado and we broke ground on the facility in Alabama, which is going to take a couple of years before it's online but the investments we are making in capacity will clearly support increased demand and we have high confidence that we will continue to see double-digit growth. Truly capacity is the only constraint, if you think about demand, lower household penetration, the fact that we haven't totally unlocked new channels of parts of our Away From Home channel, Canada is an area that would come online at some point in the future, and then of course marketing, we have not turned on marketing for Uncrustables either. So, there is a lot of tailwinds that we see in the future and our focus right now is just continuing to make sure that we ramp up capacity as quickly as possible to support the double-digit growth.
Mark Smucker: Sure. I guess what I would like to clarify first is that it is not a departure from our stated M&A strategy. We have always for many years talked about M&A being a very important part of our growth. It just so happens that in the last couple of years, we've had divestitures and there haven't been meaningful acquisition targets or affordable acquisition targets that were of interest to us. So, what I would like to just emphasize is that we continue to look at M&A. We will continue to look at M&A. We've made great strides in reshaping our portfolio. The only nuance that might be a little different is that we - we would be unlikely to do a small M&A emerging brand in a category that we currently don't play in. Other than that we would be looking to invest in meaningful M&A that potentially gives us a leadership position in a new and growing category or a bolt-on acquisition that helps round out one of our existing categories and those latter two comments are not new but you won't see us entering new categories with small emerging brands.
Mark Smucker: Steve, it's Mark. Let me just start with a general statement which is as we have all year, we have adjusted our pricing to recover dollar for dollar cost and that does include some productivity initiatives as well and so recent pricing actions are no different. And now would even include pricing actions that we have taken, even in the last few weeks. So, the goal of course is to maintain the momentum of our brands including investment and offset the inflation. In terms of elasticity, we have enjoyed better than historical elasticities and, but we've been very prudent as we forecast forward to make sure that we're building into our forecast what we think are realistic elasticities and so there could be a bit of moderation, but we want to make sure and make sure that our investors know that we are taking a prudent approach to how we're forecasting the business. And I guess the last question or the last comment I would make just on a, from an inflation standpoint, as the whole industry and all industries for that matter are experiencing this, but even within our industry, just to remind ourselves that the tide does raise all boats and since it is pretty ubiquitous across every single category, I think what that does do it does keep the playing field fairly level.
Mark Smucker: Hi, Rob, it's Mark. I would just add one comment about the supply chain and Tucker is right. We expect the disruption to continue what I - on a positive, we have made great strides in managing what we can control and I've highlighted on the previous couple of calls how our execution has been excellent and our people have - it's a tribute to our people that they've been able to stay focused on the day-to-day and the execution and notably one area that we have made some improvement is in labor. So labor being an area that we can control of late, we've actually made some headway there. And there are going to be things just to acknowledge, some things will be out of our control, but the fact that we've made improvements in staffing as well as expanding our supplier base over the last many months has definitely allowed us to manage our supply chain better.
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, good morning. We have experienced green coffee cost inflation throughout our entire fiscal year and we have taken the necessary pricing actions to recover on a dollar for dollar basis that cost inflation but we have known that the significant step up in green coffee cost inflation occurs in our fourth quarter and then will continue onward into next fiscal year.
Tucker Marshall: Yes, good morning, Ken. So, I'd like to start on the top line and then follow through to the bottom line. At the top line, our change in guidance predominantly reflects the two divestitures that we completed in our third quarter. So, underlying organic top line growth is still anticipated to be 4.5% year-over-year for the full year. That's consistent coming out of our second quarter call and currently on our third quarter call. With respect to the guidance at the bottom line, taking the midpoint of our previous guidance range of $8.55, we over delivered the third quarter by approximately $0.25 that was primarily due to SD&A expenses and some timing of marketing from the third quarter into the fourth quarter, then we are essentially giving back $0.30 in our fourth quarter, of that is $0.05 due to divestiture, $0.20 due to incremental cost inflation which is impacting gross profit dollars of about $30 million primarily within our pet portfolio, and then lastly, is a $0.05 impact to additional SG&A expenses in the fourth quarter, some of that is timing coming out of the third into the fourth as I have previously noted.
Tucker Marshall: So, Ken, annually, we go through a long-term strategic planning process, we usually complete that around this time of year and what it reaffirmed is our intention within the pet portfolio to accelerate snack growth, maintain momentum in cat food growth and continue to improve the dog food portfolio. As a result, we are reallocating our resources within that portfolio toward snacks in cat and as a result of that reallocation of resources to our high and best use of return for our strategic growth portfolio in there, we moderated or reduced the long-term net sales outlook for the overall Nutrish brand and that's primarily driven by the dry dog food component, but we still are committed to improving the performance of our overall dog food portfolio.
Tucker Marshall: So, Pet has experienced, as most of our businesses have experienced throughout the year persistent and ongoing cost inflation and they have taken multiple rounds of pricing to recover that inflation. And so what we are experiencing are two dynamics now. The timing of pricing against cost recovery or cost inflation and secondly incremental costs that are coming into both the third and fourth quarters that we will also have to recover as well. So, we would envision that Pet will still see - continue to see some down margin but over time as pricing catches up to the inflation and we continue to advance productivity that will support the business.
Tucker Marshall: Chris, we don't disclose our hedging positions, but what I offered earlier on the call was that we have experienced green coffee inflation throughout our entire fiscal year. We have taken pricing actions to recover on a dollar for dollar basis that inflation and that our most significant step up in green coffee costs occurs in the fourth quarter, this quarter and will continue onward and we will continue to address that inflation.
Tucker Marshall: So, in our fourth quarter, what is new news from our previous guidance is that we continue to see additional inflation primarily in the ingredient transportation, packaging and manufacturing side that is predominantly impacting our Pet portfolio in Q4.
Tucker Marshall: Steve, what we have done is, we have built our forecast on recovering the cost inflation and the timing of covering that cost inflations from pricing actions while putting our best estimate in for the impact of price elasticity of demand, we have done that consistently throughout our fiscal year and as we've taken additional waves of pricing throughout our fiscal year. I think what Mark has acknowledged is, is that those elasticities have performed better than historical and we would acknowledge that we'll continue to monitor as we move through our fourth quarter and into our next fiscal year. And then I would also acknowledge to a previous question that we are still calling for underlying organic top line growth year-over-year of 4.5%, which is consistent coming out of our second quarter and currently on this call.
Tucker Marshall: Rob. Good morning. We are committed to providing the visibility and transparency needed on an annual basis for our long-term top line and bottom line guidance and we will continue that path or avenue forward. You are correct. As we have come through the elements of a global pandemic inclusive of a disruptive and uncertain supply chain and cost inflation, we have given a sense of direction for the upcoming quarters, primarily to make sure that we were in lockstep with how we were going to deliver our fiscal year or deliver against that annual guidance. The second quarter was really favorable momentum that was coming through the business that resulted in top line and bottom line exceeded expectations as we've come into our third quarter really the top line and bottom line have performed in line with expectations. We delivered ahead primarily due to favorability and SG&A expenses inclusive of marketing some of that SD&A resets back into our fourth quarter, which we have acknowledged. Our fourth quarter is really coming in from a top line perspective as we anticipated from a guidance standpoint after you isolate the effect of the two divestitures. So, we really believe that we have our arms around how we're thinking about guidance on an annual basis and delivering each quarter. And then lastly is, is if you really pull up kind of the 30,000 feet, you can see that our business is performing from a share perspective. Mark has talked about our commercial and operational excellence in order to deliver the business in this environment. So that's how we're thinking about delivering the year.
Tucker Marshall: Rob, what I acknowledge is that we will continue to navigate an inflationary environment and a disruptive supply chain as we move forward. But what we need to do is continue to take the necessary actions to ensure stability within the supply chain, to ensure that we are recovering the cost inflation either through pricing actions or productivity savings and thinking about advancing the ongoing momentum of our business inclusive of at-home consumption and the growth or return to growth of our Away From Home business and then underpinning all of that, we will continue to make strategic investments in the business to support our coffee, pet and consumer portfolios.
Tucker Marshall: We feel very comfortable with delivering the midpoint of our revised guidance range, which is around $8.50. Since we have found ourselves into the final quarter, you can acknowledge that $8.50 translates into $1.85 approximately for the fourth quarter, we feel comfortable where that sits today knowing both the puts and calls to deliver our fiscal year. So that is how I would probably answer your question, I don't know if that's helpful but that's where we stand.
Tucker Marshall: Sure. So we remain committed to our balanced capital deployment model with a strong balance sheet and we do have excess cash in the balance sheet along with strong short-term borrowings and we will evaluate how we deploy that capital here in the near-term and over the long-term to ensure that we replace those divested earnings.
Tucker Marshall: We have timed our dollar-for-dollar green coffee inflation against pricing actions in the fourth quarter.
Tucker Marshall: What we would envision in our fourth quarter is as we are taking into account the pricing actions that we have taken throughout our fiscal year and the impact to Q4, we have also acknowledged the underlying momentum of the business and we have accounted for the impact of price elasticity of demand by taking material pricing against material inflation.
Tucker Marshall: Yes, Pam, I would say that we recognize that the category has changed a lot since we acquired that brand and acknowledge that our strength is really in pet snacks and cat food and notably we actually did take the number one position in dry cat food in the last 12-week period with Meow Mix. So, just have we learned, absolutely, right and I think anticipating how that the dog food category has gone and the fact that we are not one of the leaders in the dog food segment of the category speaks to the fact that again our portfolio re-shape, making sure that we're spending our dollars and resources against the areas where we're going to see the most growth and we will remain committed to stabilizing Nutrish and our dog food portfolio, but clearly where our strength lies is pet snacks and cat food.
Tucker Marshall: Sure. And part of the answer is the same answer I gave a little bit earlier, but just, we can't anticipate what other pricing may come. I would acknowledge and we've talked a lot about coffee. I would just highlight the coffee prices, coffee commodity costs are not at record highs. So, we have seen higher costs such as a one small data point, but the comment really is that we have been very diligent and prudent in adjusting our prices throughout the year for inflation and we have been very prudent in how we have taken those and really just following inflation and making sure that our price increases are truly justified from a cost standpoint and so we have been very successful in doing that. The intent is to recover cost and all of the pricing actions even the most recent ones are no different. And so really, we have to remain focused on maintaining the great top line momentum we've got including investing in our brands while we're offsetting the cost increases. So that will remain our focus and the receptivity has been good, every - as I mentioned earlier, everybody is experiencing this, and so retailers are willing to work with us to find the best path forward and ensure that we're passing on justified cost increases.
Tucker Marshall: Well, I just want to say thank you to all of you who tuned, in our investors, our analysts, our employees who have made these results possible, their tremendous commitment to our business and really just hope everyone has a great week, and thank you for listening.
