Eric Katzman: I guess the first question that I have has to do with the consolidated sales forecast. I guess, Mark Belgya, at the analyst day you lowered the forecast by $100 million but you are now including the divestiture of the canned business which I guess is about a run rate of $100 million for this year. So effectively you've increased your forecast after lowering it. So I'm kind of wondering what that's due to and then I'll have a follow-up.
Eric Katzman: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then I guess this would be -- is Steve there or Dave -- in terms of pet, one of your competitors Blue Buffalo talked about trade inventory de-loading but you seem, I guess, pretty comfortable with the business at the moment. Do you feel that inventory levels for you are okay and that your consumer off-take is on track? Maybe just discuss that a bit.
Eric Katzman: Thanks for the follow-up. Two questions. I guess, Mark Belgya, on the -- I assume that -- was the sale of the canned milk business, was that dilutive and if so, you have raised your guidance for the year, so what's the offset to that? And then I have a follow-up question.
Mark Belgya: Yes, Eric. Thank you for the question. You are right. The milk sales on an annual basis were about $200 million. Obviously, it's more front-end loaded the first eight months with the holidays. So we expect to lose about $50 million in the back half. So by the fact that we kept the $7.9 billion full year target would indicate that we have basically added back that amount in the base business. That’s probably primarily in the area of coffee as I think I had in my scripted comments.
Mark Belgya: Yes. We did -- with margins, Ken. I think we have said that [but] [ph] it was margins. Again, obviously we have talked about the way the synergies will flow through. So we said, I think, the outset of the year that as the year progresses we would move in. We knew the marketing investment was heavy in Q2 as I stated but in three and four it should be sequential improvement.
Mark Belgya: Okay. So let's just take a step back. In Q1, segment profits, we defined, it was 16.4%. This quarter it's 15.6%. We will see a step up from Q2 to Q3 and then from that point we will see a step up from Q3 to Q4 in margin. Again, synergies are flowing through. As I said that of the back half there is more synergies in Q4 than Q3, so that will benefit a little bit. And Dave, I don’t know if there is any other reasons you want to comment on.
Mark Belgya: Well, the marketing increase in coffee was pretty substantial. It would still be up pretty dramatically for the rest of the year but not to that degree. But overall, that’s probably okay. The 6% is okay to use.
Mark Belgya: Thanks for the question, Rob. A couple of points on that. I think the commentary back in October was, it was really intended to recognize that we were pulling forward around $0.03 of synergy that we had not planned for originally. So that was really the genesis of that commentary. But candidly we did have a pretty strong finish to the quarter. Obviously, on the business side that speaks for itself. And then on the spending side it came in a little bit favorable versus our expectations for the quarter as well on the G&A side which you can see in the results as well. So never going to apologize for a great quarter. And again the point was last quarter or last month rather, was just to call attention to that we were pulling forward with synergy.
Mark Belgya: Yes. Clearly with $25 million coming through which we feel very good about, certainly with March 1st there will be integration savings that will obviously kick in at that time. I think we said at our meeting, we're expecting $100 million in synergies in fiscal '17, and of course that's driving, incremental I should say, so that would put it $125 million in total. So well on our way to the $200 million by the end of next fiscal. And that of course is leading to the double-digit EPS growth that we have committed to.
Mark Belgya: There's a number of things. If you go back, just to direct those on the call back to what we presented, we gave four buckets of synergies and quite candidly, it's across that. We will be moving much of the shared services, the back office, the information services, the finance operations from Pittsburgh. That will move. But it really does cross. So it's procurement and the other areas that we spoke to. And the same thing will happen in the 2018 as the remainder of those four areas will be completed.
Mark Belgya: Yes. Hey, Farha, this is Mark Belgya. We were hoping that would get called out. Those guys had a terrific quarter, primarily in Foodservice and in Canada. But, candidly, it was a very good quarter so I would not expect that to continue. I look back, I think it was actually the largest segment profit quarter we ever had in that particular businesses. As we look forward to the next six months, some things to consider is obviously FX in Canada is continuing to be a challenge and I'll let Barry comment on that maybe a little broader. And then in Foodservice we know that there's some businesses that just had a very strong, or some categories rather, had a very strong first half. Obviously, we are getting cross-booking back in schools, you can think about maybe the school buying period, we've lapped that a little bit. So both of those businesses probably are going to be a little bit softer in the back half. I wouldn't expect a repeat of the margin we saw this quarter.
Mark Belgya: Yes, I think what you saw the first quarter, I think we were around $90 million, if I know what line you're looking at. I think this quarter was maybe $83 million-$84 million. So $84 million probably is too low a run rate for the next two quarters. You will see synergies slow that. So I would suggest somewhere below $90 million and somewhere about $85 million is probably a little better run rate.
Mark Belgya: Yes, Eric, for the back four months it is very modestly dilutive a couple of cents. Again, a lot of that just has to do with the seasonality of the business. So that $0.02 has been factored in. Obviously one of the reasons that tempered the upside to the $5.80. So we really don't have to worry about that. Probably the bigger question is how we will cover that in fiscal '17. So that will probably come into play a little bit through the synergy management and we'll just look at other opportunities to offset the dilution that flowed through the first eight months' earnings.
Steven Oakland: Well, if you think about what we have in the channel, Eric, we are entering places where we haven't been before. So we are putting incremental inventory into the system so we are getting to the right inventory levels out of the gate. So there is no reduction for us in one of those big retailers. So I can't really comment on what other people are feeling. As we are entering there, we are putting the right amount of inventory in. But we feel good we are tracking to the metrics that we wanted to track to. Importantly, as we have entered PetSmart in the last quarter, we are tracking with them in terms of the right metrics as we go on. But also, this for us is trying to be good stewards in the channel and increasing channel penetration in shopping and bringing more consumers across the business. So we are working with the other retailers and the independents to make sure that we are supporting them equally wells so we don’t -- we want this whole launch to be incremental as we roll out across the channel. So far so good. Early days. Again, we are feeling pretty good about where we are in this channel.
Steven Oakland: Good morning, Chris. Hi, Steve Oakland. I think what you are seeing in the K-Cup category is the natural evolution of this whole category. There has been tremendous growth and the manufacturer and the retailer have all thrown SKUs at, right. If you walk in any store you will see all of this proliferation of SKUs. I mean you will see tens of flavor to same flavor items. And so I think within all of that noise, it's difficult to market. And I know you will see other results out there would suggest that. Dunkin' Donuts has been able to shine through that and the Dunkin' results here in the last quarter or so, or quarter or two, have been great. I think you will start to see manufacturers like us work with the retailer. I think we will use classic category management like we have done in other categories to try to segment that category to good, better, best to get the right price positions across each one of the brands. There is no question that there is a lot of brands trying to get noticed right now and our Folgers K-Cups maybe took a backseat to some of the other promotional effort that we were doing and the retailers were doing. But we think those big national brands long-term will have the lion's share of that business and we feel like we are positioned to do it. So we have got more ahead of us.
Steven Oakland: Yes. We have opportunities on our mainstream to do that. Right. Especially with coffee costs where they are, we have the opportunity to do that. Quite frankly, we have got a pretty strong wave going with the Dunkin' business. So as we look at the whole segment, we probably didn’t have to do that today.
Steven Oakland: Jonathan, hi, Steve Oakland. No, it was not at all. We had a great performance on roast and ground. So sequentially if you look at our roast and ground over the last 52, 12 and 4 weeks, we've seen continued momentum there. So it was nicely balanced between roast and ground, for Folgers roast and ground. We did mention that Bustelo although small is on a little bit of a roll, so it's really responding to the marketing effort. And of course, the Dunkin' K-Cup launch. All three contributed nicely.
Steven Oakland: Okay. Well, I think there again you have to break it down by segment. There wasn't the same type of price promotion done on the K-Cup segment. So if you take, K-Cups would dilute that. But we did two things in the roast and ground segment. We reduced the canister size 10% to 11% and we took a corresponding price decline with that and then we took a price decline. So what we've been able to do there is, with the lower green coffee costs, and obviously in that market you have visibility into that in the future, we were able to put together a plan for the year where we got the coffee price point on our key promoted items to a point that has both excited the retailer and pulled through the consumer. So red can has done really well, especially compared to what you saw, the gyrations in it that we were forced to do last year. So sequentially nice improvement there. And then we have yet to see that compression on K-Cups, but there is room to do that. I think we got a question earlier on the total mix of K-Cups and Dunkin' versus the legacy Folgers business. We have some room to improve the results on our legacy Folgers business, we just haven't had to do that because of the momentum on Dunkin'.
Steven Oakland: Yes. Good morning, Akshay, Steve Oakland. I think as we talked in Richard's comments earlier, we've got a couple of categories that just do really well there and in mainstream grocery. So a lot of retailers are focused on the perimeter but that particular retailer does a great job in the center of the store. They do a great job with brands like Jif. They do a great job with brands like Folgers. And those brands have been developed, or overdeveloped, there for a long time. So when we get things right on those brands, we do well there. They are also very well developed on pet food. And so when you get those pet food and snacks right there, when you get some of these things right, both, we win and they win in those categories.
David West: I think it's hard to get to an apples-to-apples comparison because you have got all the amortization in there and all the synergies in there. So let me just make a comment stepping back, either from a gross margin standpoint or some sort of a controllable profit measure. I talked to, when we were at the analyst day in New York, about 100 plus basis point improvement in gross margin as we were looking at the first quarter. We had gross margin expansion again in the second quarter. So despite the mainstream food business being down, remember this isn't a pass through category. So even with 5% decline in that kind of mid-single digit, let's call it 5% declines in the mainstream food business, we still expanded gross margin dollars and gross margin profit, obviously, in that business. So we would expect maybe in the second half to be a little bit more competitive with respect to some of those tactics in market. Bonus bags and some other sharper price points, potentially kind of matching what's already out there in the market. But we still see good margin expansion as commodities have fallen this year. So when you look at it apples to apples and take out the $29 million of amortization, the business is up double digits in earnings on a year-over-year basis. So really healthy profit driven by good management of the deflation in the market place. It's not a pass-through category so we have been able to keep some of that margin and then reinvest that into marketing. We were very heavy in marketing in the second quarter. And so as we look at the business, it's healthy, it's delivering exactly what we thought it would deliver for the year. And because of the timing of launches and the timing of channel expansion in pet specialty, it's probably a little lumpier than you would have seen it in the past. But from here on out, as we put synergy in the business you should see margin acceleration.
David West: Yes. So let me just kind of give you the category dynamics a little bit. So what you are seeing in mainstream grocery and mass, particularly, given grain costs and that the source of protein there is more -- remember, that's more corn and soy based. When you get into the pet specialty around the protein source is different. And so it's not as grain based when you get into the pet specialty realm. So you're right. It is the pricing. The pricing and the ingredient cost work differently. So let me stay for a minute in grocery and mass and particularly in dog food, not as much as in cat food but particularly in dog food you are seeing deflation. You are seeing folks pass through some of those savings that are occurring either in the form of bonus bags or reduced price points. And so you are seeing a decline in dollars in the mainstream, particularly dog food. For us, it's Kibbles 'n Bits and Gravy Train. But it's not an absolute pass-through category. We talked at the analyst day and I mentioned today that total company pet food margins for the first half and our gross margins are up over 100 basis points and actually the mainstream food business is even pacing ahead of what the total average for the business unit is. So we are seeing, even with mid-single digit declines in our mass food business on a sales basis, we're hitting both our gross profit dollars and our gross margin percentage targets. So they're actually up. So it's not a total pass-through. People are managing, and we're managing the balance of share and net sales and profit pretty well. And as you look out on the curve, this is kind of the environment we're going to live in, when you look at the forward curves in these things. So at some point in time you lap this. Next year you lap this and you might get to something that's more normalized but for the rest of the year this is the environment we think we're going to live in. We'll probably be a bit more aggressive in the second half with respect to share, trying to get a little bit of share back on some of these businesses, but just a bit. Our tactics will be consistent with what's already in the market. So, again, including bonus bags and some targeted shopper marketing and some other programs. When you get to pet specialty, the competition is a little different and the competition there is really about space as you think of us entering new retailers. There's going to be heightened activity around particularly shopper marketing activity and display space. I wouldn't say it's as much price promotion there as it is, it's really promotion for the peak drive periods and the right promotion in store. So there's some heightened activity there. Still good margins and still traffic is good and I feel good about where we are there. But it's a different kind of competition because the product formulation is different. It's not as much there about the material cost. It's much more for space and share of mind with the shopper.
David West: Well, I think you've got to make sure that you've got everything measured. Remember, there's dollar and that's probably not all measured in there and you may not have all the club. So you may not have all the measurements. But the reality of it is, you're down 9%, 10%, 11%. That's about right for Kibbles 'n Bits, dollars and/or volume. There is an emerging mass premium segment that's growing. We aren't participating there at this point so there's a little bit of that there. And overall I think what you're also seeing is you're seeing some channel switching as people are moving from mass up into the pet specialty channel. So those are some of the trends. I think we talked about it at the analyst day but what you're reading is right. And as I said I think it's, right now for us, yes, there is deflation and there is some volume leakage but from a brand standpoint we're managing it for a combination of net sales and profit and share. We're about on target as the portfolio role goes. I think that the mass cat food business is a bit different. It's tended to be a little bit healthier and more robust and with Meow Mix and 9Lives we're very happy with our position there.
David West: Well, first, let me thank you for not asking a question about mainstream pet food. I think you're the first person who's ever not asked about it, so I appreciate that. We actually are very pleased. When you think about premiumization and trade up, with respect to food it's sort of following human analog, human trend. So more snacking is occurring. We've got a 40% share of dog snacks in the mass channels. We've got new usage occasions that we're working on including, dental and vitamin treats and things that are clearly from a price realization standpoint but also really new usage occasions, kind of show the role of pet as part of the family and not on the farm anymore or out on the back porch. The pet is squarely in the family. And so as you see that, the same trends that are going to occur, that have started to occur in tech, there will be apps for finding, think about geo-location, finding your dog if your dog is lost. Pet wearables, the same kind of thing as you think about tracking dog, dog health. But you're starting to see those. And then it's very similar because of the emotional attachment to how the baby category might work in terms of just thinking about the need for information and the way that information is coming now is obviously mobile and digital. So we do think a digital ecosystem with first-party data. I think the important thing for us is we want to have the relationship directly with that consumer. And then there will be some decisions that everybody makes about, do you create content, do you curate content or are you really the keeper of the ecosystem where people come for information about their pet food, is an important part of the family. So we're in the process of building a digital ecosystem. I think we talked about it at the analyst day in New York. We're excited about where we are and frankly, right now, being in San Francisco over the last four or five years has led us to be part of some pretty interesting startups and technology. So we're excited about it. We think it's where the future could go and it's really most important for us to have the relationship with the consumer, that one-on-one relationship. And so we think there is a lot of runway here, and stay tuned as we roll out our ecosystem and we'll talk about it more in the future. But thank you for the question.
David West: I think the consumer perceptions across all food categories, whether it's human consumption or pet consumption, I think the definition and the understanding of better for you ingredients or natural ingredients, or clean label, or those things are, they are kind of, they permeate everything that's out there. So I do think you see an emerging mass premium segment. And I think what defines it, it's kind of defined by the ingredients stack but you also have to define it by the price point. So if you think about it, if you think about a basket trip that's, I don't know, $120 in a mass or grocery store, let's call it that for argument's sake, give or take. How much of it, how much of that, what percentage of it can really be pet food? Is it $29.99 bag? That's 25% of the basket. And so I think there's probably realistically a ceiling on how big that could be in some traditional channels, just based on affordability and what it means as part of the basket. So I think that said, I think there's some, just the economics of it may dictate how big the size can be. But what I would say, though, is consumers care about emerging better for you, better ingredient stacks. We obviously are aware of that. We have a specialty business which is all about nutrition and therefore we are aware of the trends. We'll look at our portfolio. We want to meet consumers wherever they want to shop and whatever they want to buy. So as trends emerge, we're going to answer them. But we want to do it in the realities of their wallet and what they can buy in what channels. So stay tuned as this continues to shift. But we're aware of it and we'll react accordingly when we think we have the right solution.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. I will start. First of all, we think we are in a pretty good position with basically the three platforms of our business. Obviously, coffee which is center of the store but it is still a hot area to be in and a growing business. And then if you look at the rest of our foods, peanut butter is a very low cost, high protein business and it's all vegetable. So we are very good -- and then pet food of course is one of the fastest growing segments. So we think our overall portfolio is really, positions us well to be in the consumer goods industry. But we should also remember that although there are a lot of -- the perimeter of the store is growing, the retailers still make probably -- definitely more than half their product profit from the center of the store. So that is still a great place to play if you have the right product line up which we believe we do.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. I might just add to that. Obviously, we have made some acquisitions in the health food category and some brands in that, healthy snacks with Sahale and our ancient grain business which were acquisitions. But the problem with buying someone in those fields, the multiples you have to pay are extreme, normally, and the ROI is not too good. So as Mark mentioned, wherever we can expand our own brands that we currently have or some of the natural brands that we've had in our portfolio for some time, we've been able to do that I think on a judicious and wise way. So it's a little bit of both but it's always better if we can extend one of our existing brands.
Richard Smucker: And we have basically about a half a dozen great health perceived brands out there that we can also extend.
Richard Smucker: I'll just add to this. It's kind of tangential to your question, but we've traded the last year or so on a number of metrics below maybe some other CPG food companies. And I think maybe we just didn't get our message out well enough because I think we're extremely well positioned in the CPG space. I talked about it earlier but being in coffee, consumer foods and pet food really separates us, I think, from a lot of other CPG companies. And the fact that we're actually, we want to act big but we want the consumers to think of us as small. And I think they do if you look at our brands, whether it's Smucker's or whether it's Jif. They see us, from a consumer basis, as a smaller company, but we act big with our retailers. So I just think we need to get that message out a little bit better because I do think we have an advantaged portfolio that maybe is not recognized.
Richard Smucker: So, Jon, it is a combination of both. And I think we historically have done that. But we have put a little more emphasis on innovation in the last five years than we ever have. And Big Heart Pet is one great example of some of the things that they've added to their portfolio the last couple of years. But we've done that whether it's been coffee or consumer products. And that is probably the most ROI efficient way, if we can just add on to our existing brands. So we're really pushing that. But as you notice, from time to time, we have an acquisition that fits in very nicely. Obviously, the most recent large one being Big Heart. So it's going to be both. It really is going to be both.
Richard Smucker: Well, we thank all of you for being on the phone today and very interesting questions and we wish you and your families a happy and safe holiday period for the next week. Have a great time.
Mark Smucker: I will just add, Alexia, this is Mark Smucker. Couple of things. So just, Rich, again, we are in on-trend categories for the most part as you think of the center of the store. But given the trends and the growth in snacking and consuming different day parts rather than 3 square meals which many consumers are with Sahale and Jif bars, we are well positioned well with -- you have heard our results on uncrustables has been fantastic. So those are all, whether it be snacking or sort of on the go type of items, those would be helping our mix. And then of course our natural business is doing very very well also. So we just feel like we are in the right places at the right time.
Mark Smucker: John, it's Mark Smucker. The answer is, in short sometimes, so I think in the case of Crisco, we have been very successful and have been able to take advantage of the trend that the natural and organic consumer is buying more of those types of products across multiple categories in the conventional channel versus the natural or organic channels. So we are seeing consumer shift more to that channel. As it relates to coconut oil specifically, it just is a very on-trend product and we were fortunately able to find the right supply chain to provide an organic product and it has done very well. And that is just, that's an on-trend product. It's not only used for cooking. It's just done very well. So, yes, I think in the right categories we can.
Mark Smucker: Just [indiscernible] increased organic in nut butters and applesauces and so we are pushing that, traditionally a juice brand, out into other categories.
Mark Smucker: Thanks, Richard. Thanks for the question, Eric. I will answer that. One other data point I did want to get out because I don't think it was quantified but I think it's important for those on the phone, is that -- I think it was in my scripted comments -- when we talked about the puts and takes on the guidance. And I mentioned this, the commentary around the overhead absorption impact of managing our working capital initiative. And just to frame that in for you all on the phone, it's about a nickel. So again not to necessarily explain away all the reasons why we didn't take guidance but that I think is an important point that you go away with. In terms of the question, though, around the capital structure, a couple points. One is that we have consistently said that over the next roughly four to five years we would expect to pay down about $0.5 billion per year to get to where, particularly to pay down a couple of tranches of long-term debt and then the term loan. And we're right on that mark. In fact we're a little ahead of that mark, as you suggested, Eric. So I think we are going to look at opportunities to whether it's share repurchase. We've said that some smaller-scale M&A is clearly on the drawing board as well. We've said this now for the last several months, is the ability to pay down that debt timely and the cash we generate just speeds up the ability for us to take advantage of the strategic opportunities.
