Steven Oakland: Andrew, it’s Steve Oakland. Let me take you back to fourth quarter. If you remember, we took a published price increase in the fourth quarter, right – or one that took effect really in the fourth quarter. So in this first quarter we saw extremely aggressive mainstream and premium quite frankly roast and ground pricing in mass, specifically in club and then in selected grocery customers across the country. That affected our volumes significantly in both May and June. We responded in July by adjusting our prices and it takes a while to get that to happen. We were able to get that to happen on Folgers first and we actually saw volume up in the month of July, let’s call it low-to-mid single digits. So Folgers responded nicely. We’ve seen the Dunkin' business respond here a little bit later than that. It just took us longer to get that in effect. You could argue is that in response to all the new competitive efforts to the private label that’s out there to all of those things? Possibly. Are our competitors – do they feel more threatened by that than maybe we did with our pricing. But the reality is we were out of line both with our competitive set and when we adjusted it, the volume came back. Now we did plan that pricing but we planned it much later in the year when green would support it. So I think what the prepared comments suggest that once we get to the green numbers, we’ll be fine but the adjustments that we’ve made in our coffee segment guidance reflect that pricing investment.
Steven Oakland: Yes, I talked a little bit about this on the last call. The KCup category – if you take a look at the coffee category, KCups are about 41% of the dollars. They’re just over 20% of our dollars. And so for us to have an agreement that allows us to not just have better pricing economics but sizes, packs, flavors, channels, all of that stuff, that’s a big opportunity for us and those trend to be good margin items when they’re with the Dunkin' brand especially. And so we think our coffee business in the back half with those things in place, it takes a while to make them hit. So as you would think in the third and fourth quarters, we’ll sequentially get better there. We think that’s going to help our margins a lot.
Steven Oakland: David, let me try to address that for you. I think private label – there has been a recent push on private label. And you could argue a lot of reasons for that. You could argue the very public and although there’s not that many stores, the Lidl announcements, the focus on the other what I would call hard discount, European hard discounters, the growth in the discount channel. So there is a battle at that level and those entities tend to fight around private label. And so as we see our partners, our retail partners respond to those entries, they have chosen, in a number of cases this is pretty public data, to respond with private label. And so that is part of the mix. If you look at the mainstream roast and ground and I think where you – I’m assuming your concerned about that as Folgers mainstream roast and ground, there’s still a lot of other competitive space in there for us. And I think what makes me feel much better is when we got our pricing gaps, right, both the private label and the branded, the volume responded. So that’s not to say that mainstream roast and ground is going to provide the growth for the future, it’s not. The growth of the future is going to come from premium, it’s going to come from one cup. But we have to manage that mainstream roast and ground cost structure to fuel that. So I think it’s far to say that there’s a push from especially the value retailer to battle in that battleground as private label. We just have to keep our brands above that slightly and we have to fight with the branded competitors in the same space.
Steven Oakland: Sure, John. I think as I talked about the work we’re doing with Keurig Green Mountain, it is – yes, there’s economics but yes there’s a lot more to it. There’s channel, structure, pack, all those things. If you think about the Dunkin' brand and the success on the Dunkin' brand, the needs there probably are more SKUs, more channels, more pack sizes, all those things. The focus on the Folgers brand quite frankly is going to be on economics and where it competes. And so we recognize that we got to get those price gaps more in line with where they need to compete and the brands they compete with. So that’s why the agreement with them is so multi-pack, multi-functional and I think it’s going to – it’s going to be applied differently against Folgers than against Dunkin', for example, and the benefits are going to be different. We’ve got to get the economics right on Folgers in order for it to be successful and we have a path to do that. But you’re right. We still expect all the things you said to happen. We do think the rapid price compression in the segment maybe has postponed that and I think the retailers are waiting until that all sorts out to understand what brands, what products, what varieties they need to carry. So I think we’ll see all of that shakeout but I think we’ll see it shakeout sometime in the future. It’s taken a little longer given the price compression than we thought it would have.
Steven Oakland: I think as the coffee category has changed, we’ve had consumers or consumers from every segment go to one cup, from every segment go to premium. And so the demographics of each one of those segments has changed. I think also what’s rolled with the retailer, given the fact that they now have a sizable one cup business to promote and a sizable premium business to promote has also changed. So mainstream’s role both with the consumer and the customer has changed and we have to provide value, right, in order to get both of them behind it, both the consumer to purchase it and the retailer behind it, we have to get them the right value based on private label, based on the other brands in the segment. I wouldn’t say both changed dramatically. That migration has happened this whole time. We’ve seen one cup business build and the premium business build.
Steven Oakland: With regard to coffee, we would hope to share that with you at CAGNEY and we’re well on our way. We’ve had some initial retailer meetings. So we feel comfortable with that. And the retailer meetings are going so well, that’s why we can be so bullish on the call as we are.
Steven Oakland: I think on the Jif it was around promotional but I think Farha the good news is, is we feel really good about our back to school. As you know it’s a key period for our spreads business – both for spreads and peanut butter. And so some of that is just being driven by the positive outlook we have around that. And on the Natural I think it’s probably --
Steven Oakland: Chuck, let me comment on the pricing question and maybe the others can comment on Wesson. But I think it is a tough time for conventional retail right now. And so they are competing. They are trying to find points of difference. Obviously price to them is one of those points of difference. They know this is a core consumer base and certainly retailers it’s more important than others, it’s important to all of them of course. So I think it’s one of those times when you got to have your gaps right, you got to bring the retailer the right message, the right package both the promotion and every day. And I do think you’re trying to fit into that retailer’s – individual retailer’s promotional plan and competitive plan and price is a part of that. I would argue we talked a little bit about the MDO organization that we’ve built over the last year and a half, that organization is build to better align our pricing promotion and marketing activities with each individual retailer. We’ve put re-services on shopper marketing, on specific customers and I think that’s what you’ll see play out as we go through the rest of the year. You’ve got to bring these things to life in each individual retailer and price is one key metric of that right now.
Barry Dunaway: Hi, Andrew. It’s Barry. Let me address that. And you’re right. We’re really excited about the performance of Nature’s since the launch. You’re implying I believe specifically around Natural Balance. We continue to be consumer-led as we think about that brand and we continue to believe that that brand is best placed within pet specialty. So we will continue to offer that brand exclusively to the pet specialty channel, because we think that’s where it has the greatest potential and is best meeting the needs of the consumer in that channel. So we have no plans at this time to bring any other brands into the mass channel. We’re going to focus on Nature’s in mass and Natural Balance in pet specialty.
Barry Dunaway: David, this is Barry. I would say overall across all of our brands in mass, we’ve not seen any significant changes or losses, increases or decreases really across our brands. Obviously the Nature’s Recipe with the SKUs that we brought in met incremental shelf space for that brand. So in general, we’re at the same place we were across our brands. Nature’s was incremental. In pet specialty, obviously we saw some declines in shelf space there. We have about a 4-foot presence in both of the major pet specialty retailers with Nature’s. And our Natural Balance brand has the same presence on shelf again in pet specialty. So no significant changes in shelf space one way or the other, other than the incremental Nature’s allocation.
Barry Dunaway: Sure. Hi, Akshay. It’s Barry. Let me just frame in our ecomm sales across pet are about 5% of our total business. About 20% of our Natural Balance sales are ecomm. So that just kind of frames in what our total sales are through that channel. With Chewy and PetSmart now working together, we think that’s going to be a great partnership for us to grow our brands with that customer in particular. Mark also mentioned we have some incremental resources. We had Dan Cooke who joined the company to help us think about driving ecomm across the entire company but especially in pet because of some momentum we have in that channel. We also think there is tremendous upside for our snack brands. We have very little presence of our snack brands through ecomm. And so the conversations we’re having of how do we look about bundling some of our snacks with some of our other brands that are being sold through that channel. So we see a lot of upside for our snack brands there as well. So yes, it’s a big growth channel for us. What we’re looking for is not just shifting as consumers just shift perhaps from brick and mortar to ecomm but how do we actually make that incremental to our overall sales versus just shifting. So does that help frame in how we’re thinking about this --
Barry Dunaway: Well, as you know it’s difficult to actually measure share of market through online resources. But based on some data we have, we think our market share is equivalent in the ecomm channel as it is in brick and mortar. So it’s about parity.
Mark Belgya: Sure, Ken. I’d be glad to. I would say there’s probably three to four. First of all, the improvement in the overall gross margin will be driven by coffee and I’ll let Steve elaborate here in a minute. But I think what you’ll see, the primary drivers will be the impact of lower quarter-over-quarter green coffee as we move throughout the rest of the year. It gets sequentially better as we move from Q1 to Q4 and it’s actually a benefit as we get – modestly a benefit as we get closer to the end of the year. Again, the economics that we’ll derive in our KCup business will also favorably affect those. Those are probably the two biggest. What we also will see is that our cost programs that we have put in place while they certainly will address some of the G&A side, there are certain of those savings that will also work their way up into the gross profit from a synergy perspective. So those will be reflected across all of the SBA, but coffee certainly will get a piece of that as well. I think that’s predominately. Steve Oakland, if you want to comment anything more on that.
Mark Belgya: Ken, the only other thing I’d add specific to coffee is that granted looking at just to Q1 segment profit certainly is lower than what we’re accustomed. But I think based upon the commentary that Steve and I just put in that we’d expect the segment profit for the business to be somewhat in line with what we’ve seen in the last couple of years, which is sort of in that call it 31% to 32% range. So that’s where all the – again that’s where most of the gross profit improvement is coming from.
Mark Belgya: Hi, Rob. This is Mark Belgya. Let me answer your second question first. Certainly there will be the normal cost associated with the launch of platform type items, so whether it’s with the trade or with the consumer, but all of those costs have been factored into the guidance that we provided this morning and some of those are obviously being supported by some of the cost savings. And just to reiterate when we talked about this cost savings program, both the synergies and also the future savings from our cost management program, it is a reinvestment of some of the dollars in this case and also dollars dropping to the bottom line. So I think that’s a good example of how we are generating the savings and then plowing us back into innovation.
Mark Belgya: Hi, Rob. This is Mark Belgya. Obviously we worked as part of the diligence and into the financial projections, it’s a little hard where we are in the process to fully understand what the current owners are doing with that. But we’re positioned once the ownership occurs that we have plans in place to achieve the synergies and ultimately the earnings delivery that we spoke to a few months ago when we announced the transaction.
Mark Belgya: Hi, Rob. This is Mark Belgya. Just to clarify and I think you’re probably referencing the sentence or two that was in the release. So the lower pricing really speaks to what Steve just spoke to in terms of what we’re doing in terms of supporting the coffee. So the impact of that pricing again is being covered with cost other than this near term. So as green goes down, that cost is supporting the price. But it’s simply to state that the prices we now have in place will ultimately result in lower sales for the year. And most of that candidly is first half. We certainly experienced some of that this quarter. We’ll see it again in the second quarter since we just pretty much put this pricing to action in place at the end of Q1. So that was the intent of that statement. We still see a fairly good relationship overall for the year on a price to cost basis.
Mark Belgya: Yes, we made a case conversion to that channel because as Natural Foods progresses into every channel, we felt the need to take our base – and I know this is a very basic thing for a call like this but to go from 12-pack to 6-pack, anytime you do that it’s very disruptive in your supply chain. You’re basically swapping out all of your SKUs. We thought that was important to do before the key fall season. We got that done in the quarter. Then we’ve seen the turns pick back up and we’ve seen new distribution in support of that. There’s a lot of variety in that business and smaller case pack allows you to have more items on the shelf, reach more customers and we’re seeing that start to happen. So there just was a mechanical conversion that happened in the first quarter in Natural.
Mark Belgya: The margins are slightly lower on ecomm. We have pricing mechanisms in place just to make sure we have – ultimately we have price parity in the total marketplace but our margins are slightly lower within ecomm.
Mark Belgya: Yes, I think one of the things I just spoke to was for instance just on bringing our snacks into ecomm. That business has higher margins. I think that’s certainly one area of improved margins within ecomm.
Mark Belgya: That also benefits. That business continues to grow and across the entire company and as we look at also just supply chain and distribution cost associated with ecomm.
Mark Belgya: Hi, Alexia. It’s Mark Belgya. Answering the first question, when you look at the cost opportunities, some of it is a passage of time. So during the first quarter we had some organizational changes that we will see a reduction in our compensation expense as we move through the year. We also have been working hard with our teams to identify budget reductions. In that particular area we took that knowing that our ZBB program will be kicking off at the latter part of the first quarter so that we would miss the opportunity to get some additional savings before that program officially started, which is now has. So those two are set and [indiscernible] month-to-month as those reduced expenses flow through the P&L. We’ve talked about the commodity side, particularly on green. We’ve talked about the KJM contract. So that’s where they’re coming from. From a risk perspective, I don’t want to say those are locked and loaded but they’re pretty good. I think as we talked about in my scripted comments the focus is more on what it would take to kind of hit the mid to upper part. Volume is still going to be key. As we said, we’re up on top line versus our internal plan by the 4%. We thought we would be flat. We were able to compensate for some of that but not all of that. So as long as we can deliver on that volume and again we think we have the plans in place, we got the cost savings in place, that’s what’s driving the math, if you will, to allow us to have – when you do run the math, it will be about 17% to 19% increase in the last two quarters from an EPS perspective. In terms of the marketing question, we were up 6% in marketing. We will probably when it’s all said and done I suspect be about there for the year. We’re projective right now to be a little bit higher than that but that is one of the areas that we have back if need be. But I would suspect somewhere in the 6% to 8% range for the full year is something to expect.
Mark Belgya: Chuck, this is Mark Belgya. In terms of your Wesson question, basically the regulatory approval process is still in process. And so I suspect that when that next step of that process is complete, we’ll communicate that publicly. Again just to reiterate, we’ve not factored anything in, either top of bottom line for Wesson. We didn’t want to speculate on when the transaction would close. Certainly as we get farther into the year we’ll have less of a contribution but still if it does, it should have a positive and be added to our guidance. But we’ll continue the communication to keep everyone abreast as it moves along.
Mark Smucker: Sure, Ken. Maybe I can start and Mark if you want to jump in. But the team and consumers have done a great job. That is a complicated business with a lot of brands and a lot of categories. And our oil business as you know over the years has been lumpy; it’s been very profitable but lumpy. And the trends on the baking mix business are not good. So they have done a great job of balancing their spend and their resources to focus on their snacking portfolio, to focus on Jif, to focus on Uncrustables. And so as they make that transition to a different set of products and into faster growing parts of those categories, they’ve done a great job of balancing their supply chain costs, their marketing costs in order to maintain the margins in that business. So I think if you look at the other broad line food companies, I think that’s the playbook, right. Move towards the faster growing parts of all those segments, manage the cost structure and manage the volume bases accordingly in your slower or no growth segments or declining segments. And that team has done a great job there.
Mark Smucker: Steve, this is Mark Smucker. I will just add one or two things and that is that if you think about private label, David, they tend to be almost always shorter on coverage. And so that will dictate that they’ll have probably price movement more frequently or whether they’re using absolute price or what have you, they’re going to move quicker. We do still see also on our own brand that when we get the relative pricing gaps right, we do see the brand respond, as Steve pointed out, and we do still see that we have a reasonably loyal consumer base.
Mark Smucker: Actually I think we’ll see over time. Mark made a great point. If you have declining green, if you have what I would call the value retail space competing with these new hard discounters, they chose private label categories. The fact that green was declining was probably – coffee was probably a good space to play in during that period of time. I don’t know – time will only tell if it’s going to be a long-term thing. I think it was for the near term. But I think that’s focused around a few competitors. It was even focused regionally if you can imagine what was going on in the East Coast of the United States, how aggressive that pricing was. There are – a lot of those value retailers have a specific price zones around this new hard discount competition. So I think we’re going to need a lot more time to be able to make a determination if it’s something structural. We know that the Folgers brand in the mainstream category if your price gaps get out of line, your volume responds as it did in this quarter both up and down. Traditionally, people have followed the green market a little closer. This time they chose not to and that could be again because of this emphasis on private label. I can’t speak to why the competitive set did not follow the green market, this particular cycle. And so I think we’re going to need a lot more time before we can make a structural judgment. What I know is we have lower green in the future. We have price points that are working. We got it reflected on Folgers at the end of the first quarter, it’s been reflected on Dunkin' now and so the trends are improving and the forecast we have reflects that.
Mark Smucker: John, thanks for the question. It’s Mark Smucker. A couple of things. What we have seen and we’ve talked about this quite a bit is, is what is changing from a consumer standpoint is increased competition not just from the typical large players but there are a lot more brands out there. So there’s no question that as we’ve shifted our focus on some of the faster growing segments, those segments are growing very nicely. We’re very pleased with that. But I think underlying your question is the fact that those – the growth of those brands isn’t necessarily offsetting some of the declines in the larger brands. So that’s why in our prepared comments we wanted to call out the fact that there is a focus on these emerging smaller brands. We’re very pleased with the growth opportunities there but we must also focus on larger, more significant platform innovations on some of our key and larger iconic brands. And so we are doing that. And what you guys haven’t seen yet, we haven’t really shared a lot of that yet because it is going to start coming in the fourth quarter and I think quite frankly we have spent a tremendous amount of effort over the last 12 to 18 months reorganizing and adding new capabilities so that we can in the future and over that three-year period make sure that we are agile enough and we can respond quickly enough on these larger opportunities. So suffice it to say that as a company that has – we’re larger than we used to be if you go back many years. We have a responsibility to our consumers and our shareholders to make sure that we have the capabilities to perform and that’s exactly what we’ve been focused on. So we appreciate the question and the patience but we are feeling very good about some of those opportunities not just on the smaller brands but on the larger brands that we’ll be bringing to market in the near future.
Mark Smucker: Rob, it’s Mark Smucker. Just on Wesson. As you know when we think about acquisitions, we think about them in three buckets; transformational, enabling and bolt-on. In this case, it’s really a bolt-on as you can imagine. And as we look at the category, it is very profitable category. Private label is clearly the dominant player in that. In fact, you could even look at one particular private label brand that is truly all on its own the leader. But given that we have a good brand in Crisco. Wesson, it is an old brand. They both are old brands but they’re both still good brands and they do still carry weight. What we’ve felt is that by combining them that it is a financial play. We felt that we got a good deal on it and it allows us to more effectively utilize an asset, manufacturing asset that should quite frankly bring us a nice cash flow in the future.
Mark Smucker: Rob, it’s Mark Smucker. Just to build on what Steve said. Just strategically if you look at the category and you look at how we index versus the category, we have historically been skewed of course towards mainstream. So our strategic plan of course takes that into condition and that’s why we feel like we have a clear action that we’ll be taking over the next 12 to 24 months that will ensure that we index better with the total category and that includes both one cup and a premium as well.
Mark Smucker: This is Mark Smucker. We want to be able to share as much as we can around that timeframe CAGNEY and so forth. And just from a financial impact, it’s not going to have a huge impact this fiscal but it should start to – we should start to see some impact obviously next year.
Mark Smucker: This is Mark Smucker. First of all, I wanted to thank all of you for taking the time today to listen in. And just reiterate a couple of our key messages that we have been working extremely hard over the last 18 months to really make sure that we have the right capabilities in place to adapt to the changing environment that we find ourselves in. Notably we still believe we’re in great categories and have growth potential and just making sure that our strategies align with the growth segments in each of those categories. And we are laser-focused on consumer trends and making sure we meet them. So thank you again for your time. We look forward to seeking many of you or few of you at back-to-school. And again, thank you to our great employees who have been doing a fantastic job particularly this last quarter just getting it done. So thank you.
