Mark Smucker: Andrew, this is Mark Smucker. I’ll start and I think Mark might have a comment, and the team to provide you more specifics. But, the first thing is, on Folgers specifically, we did plan for it to be down a little bit. It was down more than we would have liked. That said, we do think there is some timing there and some of that will come back.  Likewise, I think in the prepared remarks with Jif, we do believe that the Jif’s core business will be up on a full year basis. So, I think that’s why we still feel confident about that underlying business. And then, just going back to the fact that, our strategy is working, in the sense that, as we execute against whether it be the divestiture, the new launches of innovation, the generation of fuel through our cost savings initiatives, all of those things are doing exactly what they are supposed to be doing.  And so, I think that’s why again, we do have some confidence that that we can continue to particularly deliver our EPS and then shore up the base. 
Mark Smucker: Yes, I think, we always will look at our portfolio and as our strategy might shift, we potentially could that. But at this time, I think that we feel pretty good where our portfolio is. Assets that we have are some of the ones that you might be questioning are generating decent cash and so forth. So, I think at this point, we feel very good that we have a relatively focused portfolio that we can really spend our time on and not really dilute our attention in other areas. 
Mark Smucker: Rob, it’s Mark Smucker. I’ll start. So, a couple things. First of all, just as you look across, we have had some success in moving on price where we need to most recently in Pet and so we have been able to pass along pricing and that’s particularly in a category that as you know in some of those areas we are not the leader. So, the fact that we’ve been able to get pricing through in Pet I think is an indicator, a positive one.  But as you look at Coffee and peanut butter specifically which are two of our larger categories, Coffee, we – it’s still deflationary. I mean, we are seeing some of the lowest Coffee costs that’s approximately 10 years. I mean, since we’ve been in the business, we’ve never seen coffee cost as low. And so, given where our hedging position is, we will continue to enjoy those lower costs.  They haven’t crossed as you may assume another threshold that would indicate a hard list price change. That’s why you are seeing us reinvest some of the benefit in trade. And then in peanut butter, we had taken a pricing action probably about a year ago and so, again, although we are seeing some inflation in peanuts, our cost – our actual costs have not crossed a threshold that would trigger us to move on price.  So, that’s sort of, I think our business given the commodities and underlying cost is probably a little bit unique compared to the industry just given which of those commodities that we are trading in and when and how we’ve taken price over the last year or so. 
Mark Smucker: Well, just again, thank you for your time today for joining us. We appreciate and we look forward seeing many of you in Boston in a couple of weeks and then we have our Investor Day in New York on October 9th.  So, we look forward to all of that. And just – I would just close by saying that, we are very pleased with our results for the quarter and the fact that our strategy continues to yield results. And so, again, thank you and we will see you all soon. 
Mark Belgya: Andrew, it’s Mark Belgya. Just in terms of the question about the organic, it’s probably between zero and one, and again just to remind people that we did have a SKU rationalization program built into that, primarily around Gravy Train that we called out in June as well. But I think if you just sort of think of it from a zero to a plus one versus the original plus two. 
Mark Belgya: Yes, so, David, the $25 million I referenced is $0.16 to $0.17 of earnings, and. maybe just to address why we treat it as we did, it’s consistent with the way we treated gain when we sold our Milk business a couple of years ago. You’ve heard me say in terms of non-GAAP, we try to be pretty true to our definition of non-GAAP as we define it each quarter.  And so, we just view the gain on sales sort of falls outside of that non-GAAP adjustment classification. We obviously call it out so you guys can do with what you will. One way to look at it for the current year too, I know there has been some question about why would we include it. It does somewhat offset the profit loss for this year, so while we certainly have to go after it next year and in the out years, it does kind of give us some offsets from an EPS perspective. So, that was our take on that. 
Mark Belgya: Thanks, Pablo. Thanks for the questions. In terms of the loss of profit, yes, what we said when we announced the divestiture, we said $0.25 to $0.30 on a full year basis. So, you can sort of pro rata that. And so, if you take the gain on the sale that I mentioned, like, $0.17, if you take, just an assumption that we pay down all the – take the proceeds and pay down debt and then some transitional services income that we are going to generate, it’s pretty much a wash.  It’s pretty negligible loss for the period. So that’s how that played. The question about using the proceeds, as I called out in my scripted comments, if we are going to assume that the debt pay down, we’ve got a lot of flexibility in what we do with that. We’ve obviously done buybacks in the past. That would be something we consider.  But for modeling purposes and what we provided to you guys, we just assume the full amount would be used for the debt pay down. And then, maybe I’ll start and then pitch it back to you guys for any other comment. So the reduction – if I remember your question, reduction was driving the – going from plus to two to a flat of plus one, I called out that the sales shortfall really was sort of across the businesses.  I mean, we called out our Roast and Ground. We are talking about Jif a little bit. But I don’t think I would necessarily say it’s pointed to just past. I don’t know if you guys want to add anything to that. But, hey, more importantly, it’s just how we are going to – I think the question we got end about how we are going to deliver on, and then perhaps Jif which was down. 
Mark Belgya: Yes, so, in terms of the $80 million, we are tracking very well. That was probably actually a little heavily skewed towards the benefit to the Keurig contract, which we said, when like last third quarter. So we are getting that. And then I think I had mentioned in my scripted comments that the Right Spend in our zero-based budgeting program, we’ve actually not only built it into our budgets but we are actually positive to our budget.  So, I would actually say, we are probably tracking ahead of one-fourth of that 80 if you will. And then, yes, the marketing, right now our forecast has not adjusted down marketing partly at all for the year. Some of the marketing that I commented on earlier was just more of a timing in our Pet business more than anything.  But if you look across our business, we are still projecting that $50 million if you will between the $30 million for Coffee and $20 million for PowerUps and then some of the other brands that we commented on in June as well. 
Mark Belgya: Hey, Farha, it’s Mark Belgya. I think the way I would think about it is, this quarter we were affected by – we were still lapping our freight cost. We took the $11 million charge that hit COGS for the Ainsworth balance sheet adjustment. But, it’s going to be more positive for a couple of reasons. One is, we are going to have our cost synergies that relates to the COGS side of the house and they are going to start kicking in a little bit. Mix is going to play.  So, Tina had mentioned where Jif, traditional peanut butter is going to pick back up. That’s a high margin business for us. So that’s a positive mix play. So, I think the way I would think about is, sort of broad brush is for the next three quarters sort of in the 39% type gross profit versus whatever it was 37% plus this quarter, it’s probably more reflective than this first quarter.  I think that was just for the reasons I mentioned was lower than we would expect the rest of the year end to end.
Mark Belgya: Jason, this is Mark Belgya. Let me address the AR and then I’ll let Joe address the Coffee. It actually was – that was part of it, but it was broader than that. If you just look at the way sales fell in the quarter versus a year ago, there was just more sales dollars in the third month, July, if you will of this year versus a year ago. So, our days sales are trending quite well, just more the mechanics of when the sales actually occurred within the 90 days of the quarter. 
Mark Belgya: No, that’s not what I was saying. What I was just trying to explain is why our AR balance is up. So it was just more than reflected…
Mark Belgya: We are not calling a number out, Jason. It’s Mark again. But it was a contributor, but, I would say that, the other areas that we called up with Estella and Dunkin, K-Cup and that drove more the overall dollars to increase the quarter. Hope they clearly added to it. 
Mark Belgya: Let me comment on the cost side and then I’ll let Joe comment on the price side. So, you are right. I mean, green coffee cost continue to trend downward, I think it was stated before wrap it within a dollar. So we do anticipate ongoing favorable costs. So that would be by far the most significant positive cost trend.  If you look across other parts of the business, similar to what I said in June, we are still seeing unfavorable cost in both Pet and in Consumer across a whole host of both raw materials and packaging performances along with freight. But in terms of the pricing, I’ll let Joe speak to that. 
Mark Belgya: Yes, let me just again walk through the components of the divestiture. So, we got the lost profit that we commented on. We’ve got the gain. We’ve got some income that will come from, we are going to provide some services and the transitional period and then assume pay down of debt to lower interest. So if you net all those components together, it’s basically a wash on EPS in totality.  I think where you are seeing some of the profit – the ability to maintain our original guidance despite the decrease in sales is that, it really comes from cost savings. So, some of – we mentioned on some of the raw materials side, we still anticipate favorable spending against our Right Spend program. Some of those costs are simply discretionary spending.  So, we will take a hard look at. But we expect that to be positive throughout the year. So, if those components that I would say are offsetting the slight decline in our top-line estimate. 
Mark Belgya: Yes, I’d say that there is no change on the SG&A side. I mean, there might be some tweaking if we do end up with but favor on the spending, but because marketing is relatively unchanged at this point, and that would be the biggest driver for the increase, that’s true. The other reasons that drove the increase some of the leveling out of the compensation, things like that I mentioned in June are still intact.  So, and then, on the Consumer, I think that’s probably right. I’d say the only risk there and maybe to Pet is that, freight is probably projecting a little bit worse. I don’t think any of the other underlying input costs are too much different from what we thought two months ago, but freight is probably still a little more challenging than we would have thought two months ago. 
Mark Belgya: Yes, I think that’s right and I think we said, we would expect shifts again because of more of a timing thing, so we should see some of that coming through the back three quarters. We’ve talked about – what our trade spend support on Roast and Ground.  We should see improvement. You are going to see more of the ongoing benefit of our introductions. We are going to have the Pet introductions coming here at the beginning of calendar 2019. So those are all sort of factoring in. So there is a little bit of an acceleration I think versus what we had in Q1. 
Mark Belgya: Yes. Hey, Rob, it’s Mark Belgya. Just to sort of add to Mark’s comment, Crisco for example, the oil market is continuing to be fairly flat to down and we took a price decline and that had a pretty significant impact. When you just look at the overall net impact on the price for the company. So, but, again it kind of underscores Mark’s commentary around the commodity nature. 
Joe Stanziano: Good morning, David. Joe Stanziano here. Let me start, as you heard from both Mark and Mark, I mean, we are very pleased to this point although caution that it is still early on the launch of 1850. We have achieved our stated target distribution of ACV, 70% ACV. We did that in the month of July. That was great. You heard we are selling nearly $1 million per week at retail and that is improving each week which is important. Our broad based marketing program has been running for about six weeks now. So still early in the grand scheme of things. But we are pleased with the consumer reach there. Like any new launch, we are staying very close to the data. We are adjusting as we learn both with our retail customers and with our consumers, but to your point, we are going to need, we need to see more data behind it.  There is some anecdotal data that would say, where we’ve been in distribution for a while, we are getting good repeat on consumers who have aware of the product and have tried it. So, we are going to be very focused on driving trials as much as we can with the consumers in the coming weeks. But, more data will be needed to give you some more analysis on that. 
Joe Stanziano: Jason it’s Joe. I’ll talk about 1850, obviously, yes, we’ve filled the pipeline, got that distribution up. What we are looking at is that, weekly velocity of that just under $1 million number we quoted. We have to continue to work on improving that, looking at velocities, account-by-account to ensure that we are getting up to the place we need to be.  So, we anticipate, especially as we come into the higher coffee consumption period in the fall that we’ll continue to see that elevate. Dunkin’ canister distribution is still relatively low. I mean, it’s about 30% ACV. So I wouldn’t say it’s a broad distribution and I think those numbers are fairly small as fair as the fell. But again, early, seeing good movement on that as well. 
Joe Stanziano: Yes, I mean, I think, we continue to see those out futures drop a little bit, but from our perspective again, we’ve talked about – we are feeling much better with our cost price alignment. Our trade strategy and our promotional pricing is in really good shape for Q2 and Q3. We’ve got really strong merchandizing support lined up and we feel as we look through the rest of the fiscal year, we feel we are in a good spot with our pricing. 
Dave Lemmon: Sure, it’s Dave Lemmon, Pablo. Nature’s Recipe, we’ve already lapped the entry of that. So, we are into comp sales, if you will. Nature’s recipe is up 26% on the quarter in consumption. So, we are seeing great consumer takeaway on that brand and I would just add that, although Natural Balance is down and if you back out the Gravy Train exit, we are pretty flat, - pretty much flat on our base business or our legacy business.  And then, APN, Ainsworth is showing significant upside to the year. It’s up 30%, 28% in consumption and it has record shares really 9% during the latest quarter. So, we see a significant upside and just looking to the future, I think that we see this growth continue as we start to see innovation – the innovation cycle in the fourth quarter of this year really help out the brands.  And it’s across all of our brands, but in particular, on snacking where we have – Mark spoke of it, but new innovation coming behind the Milk Bone brand in the engagement space and behind the Nature’s Recipe brand in the Natural Meat space. So, we feel really good about those brands. 
Dave Lemmon: Yes, this is Dave Lemmon, Farha. And I would say that the Ainsworth entry into the pet specialty segment is going extremely well. Again, just to ground everyone, growth through the first quarter, we saw consumption grow at 28%, up 26% from our last call. Our share on nutrition nearly sits at 9% and is up 6% from the prior period. Our Snacks, Cat and wet Dog businesses are all high growth areas of the business, all growing at 50% or higher.  And I would just say that finally giving us confidence moving forward is the white space opportunity on the brand. So, as we look at Military Pet Specialty Club and Dollar channel, our cycle of innovation and our cycle of innovation that will be launched late in Q3 of this year. All of this to say is that, the growth in Pet Specialty is not coming at the expense in Milo’s. It’s truly incremental to the brand and I think our shares and our consumption growth shows that. 
Dave Lemmon: So, we should think about it the way that we feel that the growth at 28% is certainly something that will continue fueled by the white space opportunities and the innovation that I spoke of. 
Dave Lemmon: Hey, Rob. This is Dave Lemmon. Just to comment a little bit more on Pet. We did take price on select items within our snacks portfolio late in Q1 due to higher input costs that we were not able to recover. And also we took price, if you remember, late in Q3, early Q4 on Natural Balance from last fiscal. So, there is two examples that we are able to get pricing through.  And as you know, it’s not getting any easier. It’s getting more and more difficult to get pricing through saying that we’ve been able to pass along pricing so long as it’s cost justified, so.
