Mark Smucker: Thanks Andrew. Well, first of all, let me just start by saying, delivering on guidance is a foundational priority that I have as CEO and it's extremely important. So given the fact that we have missed guidance a couple of times this year, we - this round we took a very hard look with a very critical eye and really made sure that as we look forward, we were judging both the opportunities and risks that - really exists in the business and that we are giving ourselves the appropriate flexibility as you put it. So we do believe that the top line guidance is prudent and does reflect adequately both opportunities and risks. And so, while there are some challenges to sales growth and isolated really to premium pet, that's more or less what drove our revision. We still look at - the majority of our business is actually still performing at expected levels or above.
Mark Smucker: Ken, this is Mark Smucker. I'll start. So I guess what I would say first of all is I would go back to the prior quarter, where we acknowledge that we did not adequately anticipate the level of competitive pressure that we would experience from new entrants, not just one entrant, but, there are multiple brands in the competitive space, nor did we react fast enough. So I would really point the finger at just the fact that there were a multiple competitive dynamics that were going on, that we should have reacted faster to. In terms of the broader leadership, challenges or changes rather, obviously Mark's transition has been planned for a long time, and we took a very thoughtful approach to the holistic leadership structure. And so this was not a knee-jerk reaction, these were changes that we had that through thoroughly and had decided to sync up some of the broader leadership changes along with the CFO announcement. And then ultimately, at the end of the day, I just go back to my prepared comments that the intent of the structure outside of any individual change is really intended again to increase agility, make sure that we have the right level of accountability and the right sets of eyes on the business that are going to really drive strategy.
Mark Smucker: Yes. We still have seen that 1850 continues to perform at expectations. As I mentioned again in the prepared comments, we are launching new advertising, which isn't on air yet. We actually got some nice publicity pre on that, in some of the advertising, the industry rags so that we've had some good feedback there, but ultimately, we continue to remain very focused on 1850 and we do expect to see continued growth in the brand.
Mark Smucker: Bryan, this is Mark Smucker. I don't see a meaningful or significant shift in our total strategy. We continue to view that our three growth imperatives are still the right ones. We still believe in the categories in which we play and we still believe in the brands within those. You know what, if there are subtle shifts across our categories, that could be possible. I think, I mentioned in the prepared remarks, Natural Balance and that we may take a broader look at that brand to make sure that we are doing the right things for it. And so we will continue to potentially think about all of our categories and how we refine them, but I think the fundamental priorities against the business remains sound and the existing leadership team is very committed to those as well.
Mark Smucker: There really is no elaboration from what we've previously communicated. I would just characterize it as - this is Mark Smucker by the way - just characterize it as a continued, pretty consistent level of intensity. If I could just, I can give you some specific color on our actions in terms of what we communicated previously. As you know, we have taken very specific actions as it relates to our customer support, both in-store, some of that is pricing as we've discussed previously. Obviously, we actually ramped up our on-air presence for Nutrish. We actually are shooting new advertising for Nutrish in the coming weeks, which won't show up in market probably until sometime in the third quarter and so all of those things remain - we remained very committed to. I think the only change from prior quarter is that the implementation of those has taken a little bit longer, particularly at a customer level, than we would expect. And so, although we have now just as of even this week, starting to reflect at the customer level, it isn't across the entire market. But through this Q3, we would expect to see all of those actions really come to fruition.
Mark Smucker: In general, I would say broadly in an aggregate, we feel that our innovation is actually meeting expectations. There are obviously puts and takes in that. I think our Milk-Bone for example innovation is going well and you think about snacking and I've already spoken to 1850 those are broadly meeting expectations.
Mark Smucker: Yes. So if you look across some of the FDA comments that came out, I don't know a couple of months ago, there has been a modest impact to all brands that were named in that. And that does not include, and that includes our brands, but it also includes all of the competitive brands as well. It is difficult, very difficult to quantify what that is. And we continue to make sure that we are offering a wide variety of products to our consumers that they - that they have the ability to choose between grain-free or limited ingredients or what have you. And so we continue to believe a broad portfolio is the right thing to do and we will continue to support those brands and across the entire portfolio.
Mark Smucker: And Rob, this is Mark Smucker. I might just elaborate on - give some clarity on stuff that might not come through in the scan data that's positive. So broadly across the coffee portfolio, we were - we had a very good quarter and we were pleased across every brand. And so if you look at growing Dunkin, growing all of our KCups, Bustelo did very well, Dunkin', for example, not only is it the number three, but it is the fastest growing premium brand, and the reason that that's not showing up in the scan data is because Canister - the Dunkin' Canister, which is doing very well falls in the mainstream segment. And so if you take Dunkin' in aggregate, it is growing faster than Starbucks in both - all of the 4-week, 12-week and 52-week periods. And then Folgers specifically, as you know, both in peanut butter and coffee we have - we've experienced significant deflation. But that said, Folgers is playing the role that we want it to, it's - the volume was up in the quarter and so despite the fact that we have that deflation, we've seen both volume growth and we've been able to actually maintain our profitability on the business. So coffee overall is a very nice success story for us in the quarter.
Mark Smucker: No. I would even maybe go one step further Rob is that, because I know that we've been asked and I guess this goes back to one of the earlier questions, it's sort of our strategy, investing in our brands. We would really like to sort of draw a line in the sand now for our - for our marketing dollars. So we will end in that 6.5% to 7% range and - in the events, in the unlikely event that sales were to change from our guidance, we would still look to hold the dollar spend in marketing for the rest of the year.
Mark Smucker: Yes, I guess, I would just add one comment on forecasting which is, although we are not pleased with the guide down, I would comment that this is a reflection of better visibility into our forecasting and making sure that we're taking the prudent steps in terms of derisking as Mark spoke to earlier. We're making sure that we're reconciling operational and financial forecast in the appropriate manner and providing not only us, the senior leaders, but also the individual businesses with the appropriate level of visibility.
Mark Smucker: Yes, sure. We did look at best practices across the industry to be sure. We have an ongoing relationship with the search firm that we are using even for the CFO search, I would tell you we did do a thorough search externally and Tucker actually went through a very rigorous process, external evaluation process with a couple outside partners, one being the search firm. And so even in every case, we are taking a prudent approach in terms of how we are looking at filling those roles and just wanting to make sure that we are looking both at best practices, but also making sure that we're taking the appropriate time and necessary steps to put the right talent in each role.
Mark Smucker: Sure. I can't give you much more colors, so I'm not sure you'll be that pleased with the answer, but I do - what I would say is we previously talked about a re-stage. We continue to move forward with the re-stage that includes a whole host of things including packaging alignment, consumer communication, I mean, it really is, it is very broad and it does take time, because it is a relatively deep exercise. I think what we have said previously is that re-stage would be towards the end of the - the very end of the fiscal year. But, beyond that, we will consider a more, a broader strategic review of the brand, that could include things like you're suggesting, but we want to hold off on communicating anything until we really have gone through our own internal process.
Mark Smucker: Thank you all for listening. We appreciate the questions, I guess I would hope that everyone takes away that, they are many areas of our business that are performing very well, because where we focus, we are winning. The softness is isolated to premium dog and obviously we've seen some deflation in a couple of our categories, but hope that you all take away that we have taken very specific and decisive actions, whether it be in the marketplace, financial discipline, investing in our business, the leadership changes that ultimately are really starting to yield results. And so we do have a commitment to you all that we will - we will continue to work and the goal of course is to grow our business in aggregate. And just want to thank our fantastic employees for their commitment to the Company and wish everybody on the call a very happy Thanksgiving. Thank you.
Mark Belgya: Andrew, if I can just maybe add on to Mark's comments and dollarize a little bit what I had in my prepared comments. So for the benefit of everyone on the call. If you look at, basically the change in our top line guidance, so for everyone you'll recall it was zero and negative one before. So if you take the midpoint of that and just call it down 0.5% and basically try to explain the 250 basis points to get to our new minus 3. There's really three components that I - and I called out. First of all, about 50 basis points of that was due to this quarter where we fell short of expectations, okay. The second component I would suggest is about 75 basis points of this de-risking in both in as it relates to the competitive activity and some of the things that Mark just outlined, is related to Pet, but also we had really strong comps as you'll recall in Q4 in peanut butter and coffee. So that's sort of half of it, if you will. And then the other half would be 125 basis points to get us there would be primarily in the premium Pet. So that's how we go about. Based on that, we've got a fair amount of - I'll use a loose term here, cushion, on that 75 basis points of derisking. And then if you just translate that to the earnings side, that de-risk portion probably accounts somewhere between $0.10 and $0.15. So just to explain how we get to that 8 to 10 number at the low end of the guidance, that is taken into account the - sort of the de-risk portion of that sales number.
Mark Belgya: Yes, Ken, I just would add also, Away From Home we introduced it there and then also at e-commerce it's showing up well there. So there is some other aspects of growth.
Mark Belgya: What I would probably say to that is that I would just push back to the comment I had I think it was in my script just around our commodity outlook in general. And we would take those kind of considerations into our expectations, but right now we don't see a significant change in any of our categories as it relates to commodities, including what you just described. Obviously if that were to play out more significant, we, as I'm sure the other competitors in the mix would look at that from a pricing perspective.
Mark Belgya: Yes, we are - hi, this is Mark Belgya, we're really trying to step away from that and I think to Mark's point we're pleased with the performance, but I think as time passes, particularly in that $100 million. We've talked in the past, how that's going to be stretched out over a little bit more time. So we will periodically update that, but that's not something we would look to do each quarter.
Mark Belgya: Yes. So Rob, this is Mark Belgya. So in terms of coffee, so I did mention the e-commerce was up actually e-commerce I think was in our scripted comments is about 5% of our total company sales and coffee actually saw a nice increase this quarter. So that could be part of what you're seeing. There probably is a little bit of shipment ahead of takeaway, you'll recall last quarter our commentary was coming out of Q4 that coffee had a strong Q4, a softer Q1 and we believe they got all the reasons, the new distribution and some other things. And so we delivered on all of that, particularly in KCups. So that could explain a little bit, what you're seeing as it relates to take away. On the inventory, right now, our balance - our inventory balances are running a little higher. Some of that is where we are with sales. I know the teams are working to work those numbers down now, but as we're looking at our free cash flow, as I said with the take out in earnings and where at least inventory stand right now, though I think the numbers will come down some. We just added a little bit of softness or a little bit of increase in inventory balances and thus a reduction in the cash generation.
Mark Belgya: Alexia, this is Mark Belgya. So in terms of the free cash flow, I think it - - there's only certain components of that, and I would say it's predominantly the two that I called out on the earnings and on the inventory. There's probably maybe just a little bit more working capital. But as you know, that ultimate number won't be figured out until April 30th when all the balance sheet items are finalized, but there is nothing dramatically in any other areas or components of that calculation that would be off. In terms of just the - your second question, and let me just take a step back and Mark please jump in here. So, in terms of just forecasting generally, I think that with some of the de-risking if you will of our guidance for the rest of the fiscal, we feel that we have taken a prudent approach to consider the competitive activity, particularly in premium pet, have thought through where we had some strong finishes last year. That might be a bit more of a challenge to get through and do feel that we have appropriately recognized that, we would expect earnings growth albeit not as fast as we originally expected beginning of the year, but we would expect that to be in Q4 as I commented on Q3 being down slightly and I don't think there's anything dramatically different in our ability to do so. I think that as we've said in the last quarter, almost two quarters now, you know, our intent is to continue our cost management program, to help alleviate some of the softness that we have incurred and help sort of protect that, that ability to hit the guidance. And, where we stand as of right now, we feel pretty good about our estimate on top line and how that parlays into our earnings guidance.
Mark Belgya: Sure, Laurent. Thank you for the question. So, I did answer this in the prepared remarks, but my focus needs to remain on obviously delivering results and really making the right strategic decisions for the business. The Chief Operating Officer will help in terms of making choices across all of the businesses and will really help to operate the businesses on a day-to-day basis, which I do today, but I also feel that I need to spend a little more time just on strategic matters as well and obviously building the organization for success, obviously for the long term. I feel very good about the team that we have in place today. I think that everybody is very much aligned on the strategic priorities, and I think as COO will quite frankly just help specific decision making and execution at the business level.
Mark Belgya: Well, we're in a search. We've begun the search for those - for those roles, and those are underway. It's hard to say when we will actually fill them, those things can take time. We are moving as fast as we can. But we want to make sure that we find the right individual that has both the right - the right level of operating experience, but also the appropriate level of leadership experience in terms of developing people and culture. So I won't commit to a timeframe, but suffice it to say we're on it and we're moving as quickly as we can.
Mark Belgya: So generally as a company, philosophically, we only engage in private label businesses where it makes strategic sense or where we know we can generate growth and profitability. And so where we have exited, those were - in most cases, those were conscious decisions to exit parts of the business that were not generating the appropriate return. So we do remain engaged in some of our private label Pet businesses. It is specific to those areas where there is a strategic benefit, partnership with customers and so we will not abandon it, but we will be prudent in terms of how we - how and where we engage strategically on private label.
