Mark Belgya: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us. On the call from the company are Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO; Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and Co-CEO; Vince Byrd, President of our Coffee Business; Steve Oakland, President of Smucker’s Jif and Hungry Jack; Mark Smucker, President of our Special Markets; and Paul Wagstaff, President of Oils and Baking. After this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Richard for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter and Tim will provide closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments, we will be available to answer your questions. If you have not seen our press release, it is available on our Website at smuckers.com. A replay of this call is available on the Website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today’s call, please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. I would like to remind you that in both the prepared comments and during the question-and-answer period that follows, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning such forward-looking statements. I also want to point out that company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release and on our Website. I’ll now turn the call over to Richard.
Mark Belgya: This is Mark. I guess the only other additional detail, we have said in the past that we hedge for basically between 18 weeks to 22 weeks. So, clearly we’re covered over that period at a certain cost and we price to a certain cost as well. So, it’s just basically a difference in the pricing position and cover position that will generate that margin.
Mark Belgya: Yes. We have certainly factored in some potential competitive responses and what might be necessary understanding, we still believe that the margin increase is still there.
Mark Belgya: Ken, I’ll start and I’ll let the others comment as well. I guess from our perspective, you still have to have an item that’s going to appeal to a consumer and be able to spend for it to be successful long term. You are correct about this, the overall SKU rationalization environment. Many of the SKUs that were eliminated during some of the major reviews have actually been added back very, very significantly. I don’t know whether that necessarily makes the hurdle higher for new products or not. We have been successful with virtually every one of our product categories, where we believe we’re bringing a consumer value and a proposition to the retailers they tend to go in. If there’s one thing that’s probably changed over the years is that they manually take them during certain periods of time when they’re reviewing their sets. And so, that’s something that we’re all very, very sensitive to, and they all tend to be on different cycles.
Mark Belgya: Hi Jon, it’s Mark. I guess, I would just sort of point everyone back to Tim’s comment, because I think that really tried to capture our view. While we certainly see some upside in the coming quarter and as we’ve talked, there are some key areas, competitive pressure is expected to continue. So, we just think it’s a little premature to just assume that, that will go down. So, I think your point of conservatism is probably fair in that when we get through the next quarter, clearly we’ll have our back-to-school behind us. We will be into fall bake. We’ll have a good read on that. We’ll have probably a little better sense of maybe where some of the commodities are headed. And if appropriate at the time, we’ll adjust guidance. Right now, we think keeping within our range is appropriate.
Mark Belgya: No, it clearly has increased with the cost of coffee increase, and we are probably looking something almost two-and-a- half times that.
Mark Belgya: I think that as we said marketing spend as a percent of sales was 6.6 this quarter, same as the last. I think our marketing spend all in all will be pretty comparable. And I’ve got to remind you that last year was a record spend in marketing, so to spend at that level is a significant statement, and we should be near that number.
Mark Belgya: Couple of comments, Eric, on that. I think first of all, we provided the information and I think we have been both sides of that. A couple of years ago, I guess we had a fairly significant and for a couple quarters following that, we included in our release and our communications and of course we have it to some degree just as we would on anything else, it is a bit of degree of materiality. So, part of this is just how much. I think in these times, particularly as we’ve seen run-up in some of the wheat and little bit soybean including coffee that it is the expectation that those are out there and we feel it’s good disclosure to have it. Our philosophy is and the reason we included is that hedging is clearly a part of the business and there is a lot of things to go into what generates that. And we think putting the numbers out there is beneficial to you and to the investors, and they can kind of treat it as they will. But I don’t think it’s any significant change in our philosophy as far as it being in this quarter.
Mark Belgya: That’s right, because right now what you’re seeing basically that’s the market for the commodities as of the end of July. And if all the things hold, then that cost will flip. But you’re correct. We’ve not built any assumptions of any significant gains or losses in our guidance.
Mark Belgya: Jane, this Mark. In terms of the quarter, it really wasn’t very significant. I think it held true to pretty much what we said at the end of the last fiscal and that it wasn’t going to be dramatically different. I guess more on a macro approach for the remainder of the year, and again it’s kind of tied back to again some of the comments around our guidance is that we’re going to continue to monitor the competitive activity and we’ll react as necessary, and as we head through the next quarter, we’ll have a better sense of that. But I think it’s just more of a kind of wait-and-see, and as everyone has said, we’re going to be rational in what we do, but there may be times that we’ll have to address certain categories with those additional promotional dollars.
Mark Belgya: Hi, Lucas. This is Mark. In response to your first question, we really aren’t going to provide any specifics around the quarter estimates. That’s just not something we would normally do. In terms of longer term, it’s the question it would be quite candid. I am surprised that it really took to this part of the call. But we have been pretty open. Since we bought the business that we had set some specific margin targets, but we always sort of had the caveat that, that was assuming no significant price changes. That clearly is no longer the case. So, we really don’t anticipate putting a margin percentage out there, we are just not sure that’s all that meaningful. But the expectation is we will continue to grow the business in line with our other business units. From a company’s perspective, we expect to grow our operating income roughly 6%. And that comes from both the businesses as well as the corporate administrative functions. So, they will achieve the targets that are going to help contribute to that. Lucas Klein – Putnam Investments Great, thanks a lot.
Tim Smucker: Thank you, Mark, and good morning everyone. As we’ve stated over the years, we believe our strategy of owning leading brands in North America is a solid, well-understood strategy. It is one which has provided us the framework to achieve our growth objectives. We believe in running our company with a long-term perspective. As an organization, we remain committed to investing in our brands and continuous improvement in our operational practices and cost structure. In March, we announced the largest capital investment in our history to streamline our coffee and fruit spreads supply chain. The estimated expenditures, annual savings, and overall timeline related to the project remain on track. We plan to break ground on our new manufacturing facility in Orrville later this fall and are actively working to expand our coffee capacity in New Orleans. We are currently in the key back-to-school period. We have solid programs in place, supporting our fruit spreads, peanut butter and Smucker’s Uncrustables sandwiches and are anticipating a strong finish to the season during the second quarter. We are encouraged by our first quarter performance and remain confident about the remainder of the year. For fiscal 2011, we anticipate an increase in net sales slightly ahead of the 3% growth indicated in our original outlook, due primarily to the impact of recent pricing actions. We continue to expect non-GAAP income for diluted share to be in the range of $4.50 to $4.60, including amortization expense of approximately $0.40 per share. We are also maintaining our outlook on various cash flow items that we provided last quarter, including depreciation, amortization, and capital expenditures. As we look forward, we feel positive regarding the plans we have in place and the tactical measures we have implemented. Due to our hedged coffee position relative to price, we would anticipate strong results in the second quarter. However, we have held to our original guidance range for the year. We believe this is prudent as we monitor competitive activity and consumer response to our pricing actions. We will be in a better position to adjust guidance if appropriate following the next quarter. At that time, we will have completed our back-to-school period and be in our fall bake and holiday season. In summary; first, we had another strong quarter; second, we will continue to adapt our tactics to ensure we are well positioned for the current environment, but our focus will not waver from our strategy and our long-term health of our brands; third, we feel confident in our ability to deliver on the earnings guidance provided; fourth, we continue to invest in our business and our brands through marketing and product innovation; and finally, we want to thank our dedicated employees for their continued commitment to our culture and doing the right things and doing things right. Thank you for your time today, and now, we’re happy to answer any of your questions.
Tim Smucker: This is Tim. Let me just add say that, also as we’re positioned in many of our brands, in fact most of our brands as category leaders, one of the things we look at first of all is what’s the right set, and sometimes we’re the first ones to recommend some SKU recommendations and add good for you products in there. So, we’ve been really active in that area across all brands.
Tim Smucker: Yes, sure. I suppose without giving away too many secrets, we have six SKUs, three in Folgers Gourmet Select and three at the Millstone. The acceptance overall has been probably at or exceeded our expectations. As I mentioned earlier, we’re going to ship next month and should be on shelf by end of month, and we have a full complement of support for the launch including a new television advertising campaign. So, we are very, very excited about the prospects of that business.
Tim Smucker: Paul, let me just add to that, that when we think of our brands, all of those brands are icon brands. Pillsbury and Crisco are great brands, and it’s not just one product in that category. So, Crisco is made up of oils, shortening, sprays and olive oil. And that brand together is a very, very strong brand, as is Pillsbury in frostings, in mixes, and cakes, powder, flour. So, clearly those are great brands and they continue to be and we continue to support them long term.
Tim Smucker: Eric, this is Tim. Let me just take an overall comment first. As you know, we take a long-term view of the business and the economy. We are in a global environment, as we all know and I think everybody, consumer, our customers, our competitors are looking for balance. And to us, our consumers, and then consumers are looking for value and research that we have shows that they define value as what I get for what I pay and I value products and brands that reflect my values. And so, we have been and are committed to giving our consumers, our customers, and our shareholders that balance and that value through our consistent quality products, through transparency as we deal with our consumers and our customers. And with that, we think that long term we earn our trust everyday with our consumers, and then that helps us to fulfill our purpose of providing memorable meals and moments with our consumers. So, that’s sort of a global perspective, and we think that, that’s been consistent over the years and will be consistent going forward. There are going to be fluctuations in volume here and there by quarters, but we think that we are responsive and flexible and do have the tactics and the quivers to address those issues.
Tim Smucker: Ken, I can’t say that we have seen that and have not heard that that’s the case. So, if it’s going on, we’re not aware of it.
Tim Smucker: Okay. Well, thank you very much for all your interest in the questions today. And again, thanks to all of our great employees for their commitment to our consumers and our shareholders. So, thanks a lot. Have a great day.
Vince Byrd: Good morning, Eric. This is Vince. Let me start with the pricing action that was very well received and probably expected when we announced in early August. I think it’s public information that our major competitor did follow on mainstream. It’s also public knowledge that our main competitor in the Gourmet segment did not follow. And so, they have a press release in regard to the resulting impact of that. The pricing is now just, I’ll say, being reflected on shelf in terms of the everyday price in both cases. The key that we’ll be watching during the second quarter and third quarter, though, are the price points during the key merchandising periods. In terms of pricing elasticity and volume impact, obviously we run models like everybody else does, but it really will depend upon the price points that the products are being merchandised. And I think it’s fair to say that our team will be monitoring those very, very closely, and we will respond where we need to in a responsible manner. And in terms of single serve, I would say that we haven’t seen any movement away from that to this particular point. That category continues to grow very, very significantly, and we really haven’t seen much trading off from gourmet at this point. The gourmet segment continues to show nice growth including our Duncan brand, which was up about 15% in the quarter.
Vince Byrd: There were no K-Cups shipped in the first quarter and that will all begin in fact within a week or so. So, there was no volume as it related to that. I would like to go back to your previous question that you asked all about the funding, I think it’s fair to say from a macro perspective, there was a lot of disruptive pricing that occurred during the quarter, and I think the answer to your question is that’s being funded by both competitors and retailers. It’s just not one or the other.
Vince Byrd: Well, I guess I would answer to some degree, we have already moved away from previous practices, primarily because of the way it’s managed from an inventory LIFO/FIFO perspective, we tend to be a little bit longer. But I think it’s true to our fundamentals that we are always transparent with our pricing with our customers. And this isn’t about margining up or margining down. It’s about taking it when we feel we need to that reflect those costs to accomplish our overall margin objectives or thought objectives for that fiscal year.
Vince Byrd: No. This is Vince. We clearly signed that announcement, so that there would not be any forward buys in the system and I can assure you that there was no load in the quarter for that, that’s a conscious decision that we made. But I want to go back to your point about what you see in the syndicated data information. I would say, we share your concern, but as we have said before, those syndicated providers measure only about actually less than 50% of our total volume. And so, the real numbers are we actually grew coffee during the quarter fairly significantly 5% on units and 7% on sales. And as you look at the syndicated information, you know that, that doesn’t show category growth or share growth. I will say that we did anticipate that our major competitor was going to have a gain during this period because of the pricing where they were and in some cases, as I think, Ken Goldman reported, they were below private label level. So, we did anticipate some share reflection, but again it doesn’t reflect the bigger picture of the growth that we have had with the brand.
Vince Byrd: We have, obviously, have our models and look at that, but as I’ve said earlier in my comments, it really is going to determine what the key price points are of our competitors and where we feel we need to be competitive. And so, it wouldn’t be fair for me to try to quote a number at this point.
Vince Byrd: Sure. I don’t know if I can add much more than I’ve said earlier. You are correct. We are concerned about what’s being reflected in syndicated data. But I will say this, when we knew that a major customer were going to be very, very aggressive with its price points, and we anticipated that we may be short on volume back to our ability to implement, we went to sort of some rest of market and try to do what we could in a responsible way to make up part of that volume. And hence, we actually exceeded our expectations in the quarter given where we thought we may be in the end of the fourth quarter of last year. So – go ahead.
Vince Byrd: Well, it would be everywhere, but the alternative channel. So whether you talk dollar class of trades, convenience, drug, military, on and on. So, it’s a club of all those other channels. But there was also, our grocery business actually turned out to be very, very strong given our ability to change some of our tactics during the quarter.
Vince Byrd: No. I think that is fair a little bit. I think we are scratching our head given what we know that we are actually delivering.
Richard Smucker: Eric, this is Richard. When we look at our capital structure frequently and we do take into consideration the government policies, so that isn’t a subject that we haven’t talked about. We have talked about it, but we haven’t made any decisions at this point, and our plan would be to whatever we do would be the right thing for the shareholders’ value long-term, whether that’s something changed in the dividend policy or buyback of stock, which you know we will be able to do after November, that’s a two-year time period. So, we will look at all of those things, but we haven’t made a decision yet.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. Just from an overall standpoint for the industry, there is no doubt about it. Everybody is trying to gain customers and there’s probably more promotional activity than we’ve seen historically. We see that continuing. And I think that’s why we say that we are willing to adjust our tactics not our strategy. We feel very comfortable with our strategy. But we will and have adjusted packets as we need to, to adjust to the market. But I think we’re well positioned to do that, what we call responsibly, so that we still deliver our results. And so, it is kind of a new normal, but we think we’re well positioned for that new normal.
Richard Smucker: Well, couple things. One thing that we didn’t catch in the script as we’re reading it, Uncrustable volume is getting back to more historic growth trends, and so we saw the Uncrustable business bounce back at the end of the fourth quarter, and we had a robust first quarter with it. So, it’s great to see those trends back. The whole wheat has just taken off. Quite frankly, we thought whole wheat Uncrustables would be the answer. They’ve been slow to catch on, but that’s no longer the case. We’re making them as fast as we can. And there is no question that a single planned footprint is much more efficient for us. So, all those things added up. It’s growing both in food service and it’s growing in the consumer business.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. I just think there is both continue to be emphasis on good and good for you products. And whether it’s ourselves or anybody in the food business, because I do think there is a real emphasis on people wanting to eat healthy. It’s still in the media, and we still push out on that. So, I still think it’s strong.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. I’d like to turn it over to Steve. I think we said this a little bit last year, we see a continuing sense that they are concentrating more on our base products and, Steve, you see that more in your business probably than others. So, you might just comment on some of them.
Richard Smucker: I might just add to that, is that we always say we are responsible promoting and I think Eric you had a good point. A lot of these deep discounting have not driven the category growth. Categories have not grown because of the deep discounting. So, we are willing to participate, but we are only willing to participate to a level that it makes sense for the category for the customer. So, on our tactics, our tactics we are trying do them responsibly, really to build the business as Tim said for the long term and not just go after the short-term volume hits.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. I’ll just speak broadly. Our strategy is to own number one brands sold in the center of the store. We really don’t comment on individual categories in that regard. So, we look at a number of different categories, and we’ll continue to do that. But it really does have to fit that overall broad strategy. Sorry, I can’t be more specific.
Paul Wagstaff: Hi, Alexia, this is Paul Wagstaff. And first thing just want to state the obvious, the oils and baking team wasn’t happy with the results for the first quarter. Clearly, we want to do better. That being said, our long-term strategy we still feel is accurate. We think it’s good and again we managed the total oils and baking category as a whole on the long-term. From a volume perspective, on the oils side, we did see significant competitive pressure in the category, and we do see that, that was a main driver of why we had lower volume. On the baking side, we also had some significant competitive pressure, but there was also some planned declines in some of our lower margin items. We discontinued some items, for example, in flour which is a very heavy item, so big volume. We had some planned declines there. As far as going forward, we would anticipate it to be continuing from a competitive standpoint, but we feel we have pretty good plans in place to address that.
Paul Wagstaff: Hi, Jane, this is Paul Wagstaff. From an oils and baking perspective, obviously we’ve had some significant competitive activities since the fourth quarter of last year in my area. And I would say that we would see some of that continuing to the fall bake time period. That being said, we want to be competitive and we’ve taken a price decline in our oils business to address some of this gaps on pricing on shelf, and we think that’s going to help address the issue going through fall bake.
Paul Wagstaff: Well, I think the key is we manage it for the full year. And we have a lot of different budgets that we’re managing to go towards our overall fiscal year margin goal. So, I think we’re positioned pretty well to manage that.
Paul Wagstaff: And Ken, this is Paul Wagstaff. In Oils and Baking side, we did launch about over a dozen new items this past year, and actually we’ve seen some very good acceptance of those items, the two key ones, sugar-free, frosting and cake mix as well as some cookies. So, that’s actually a nice bright spot in our baking business.
Paul Wagstaff: Hi Robert, Paul Wagstaff. To answer for the first part of your question, what brings some of the volume back, we’ve looked at this over the years and clearly when we get our price on shelf right and that means it’s at our competitor level. We see significant volumes gain come back to us. So, I wouldn’t say that price is clearly the driver there.
Paul Wagstaff: Yes, hi Ed. I think one of the things that’s different versus last year is this competitive activity we have been seeing has really, it started at the end of or during fourth quarter of last year and it’s continuing, and I think that’s longer in a duration than we have seen previously. So, it seems like there may be slight change in some competitive activity and their strategies, and so it just adds little bit of the uncertainty to our upcoming fall bake and what we are anticipating from our competitors, so that’s really the driving factor.
Steve Oakland: Sure. Hi, Farha, it’s Steve. If we look at back-to-school, for example, the syndicated data doesn’t reflect the fact that we had shipments up, for example, in peanut butter, and we’re really encouraged by that because a number of our largest customers have moved their back-to-school event into August away from July last year. So, we sort of got some dry powder there. We got some events there, and we’re far enough into August that we see those shipping. But what we mean by that is, we can stack customer specific marketing funds. We can stack our national promotional events, and we can stack our trade events, frankly. And our customers are looking for a little more bang. When we have to do that, we’re trying to avoid the deep, deep discounts. We are blessed to have a team of both national account folks, we’ve got advantage nationally helping us with that. And it just requires us to get all those things lined up, and I think we’re nimble enough in the way we’re structured. We’re able to get those things lined as quickly, so the retailer feels like they can put something on their front page that’s a little louder than maybe normal.
Steve Oakland: Sure. Hi, it’s Steve Oakland. That is odd for the jam and jelly categories, any of us to move that dramatically in one quarter. I can speak for our business, and I mentioned it in the previous comment, a number of our back-to-school events were moved into July or moved into August from July last year, and I can assume that. The other thing that we’ve done and we spoke in the script sort of the favorable mix. We’ve also put much more focus on our strawberry business than our grape business. And as you can imagine, that provides a much better dollar range for us, better margins for us and we also think it is a great place where our brand is so strong. So, it is not because we’ve gone out and taken the grape jelly business. So, I really can’t speak to why their numbers are the way they are, unless their key customer events are pushed back into the later end of the year as well, that’s the only thing I can think of.
Steve Oakland: Well, we have grapes available. You just might have to pay a little more for it. Promotions (inaudible).
Steve Oakland: Chuck, we had a good peanut butter quarter. We had a strong traditional fruit spreads. What I mean by that is regular strawberry and preserve strawberry jam, grape jelly. Large sizes do well, but quite frankly, some of those channels that are doing well right now tend to sell those sizes, whether it be club, whether it be dollar, whether it be one of the mass channel. And those channels quite frankly, the consumers’ going there right now. So, I am not so sure if it’s the consumer, the shopping channels of so large sizes or their desire to buy large sizes. The other thing though, if you look at the absolute opposite of that, our Orchard’s Finest product, candidly we were conservative with that initial rollout. It’s a premium product. The best fruit we buy, 100% sugar, small size, expensive. It continues to exceed the numbers we thought it would and we are continuing to roll it national. So, that’s on the exact opposite of that trend. So, you just got to be flexible and you have the products for each different channel and be able to put them there.
Ken Goldman: Good morning. In scanner measured channels, your biggest branded competitor in jams and jellies just saw nearly a 20% drop in sales year-on-year in a category that otherwise seems to be doing fine. So, I am not really seeing anything that will be driving this. You look at their prices. They actually have seemed to rise significantly less than yours did over the last few months and they don’t seem to be promoting any less. So, I am wondering if there has been any changes you have seen in any competitor strategies or retailer strategies in this category. I am not really asking you to comment on any competitor or retailer specifically, but maybe you could just shed some light on some of the industry dynamics right now.
Ken Goldman: As a ferocious eater of peanut butter and jelly, I am disappointed in your strawberry strategy there.
Ken Goldman: Okay. And then I am curious about the overall innovation environment right now. I guess both for you and in general, for food manufacturers, with all of Wal-Mart’s for SKU rationalization over the past two years and given the back to basics approach of both consumers and retailers, maybe there hasn’t been a lot of room on shelves for new products. But now that Wal-Mart has reversed course, they are going back to this more branded merchandising focus strategy, I’m wondering if there isn’t, I guess, a more welcoming atmosphere for new products right now. You guys mentioned some innovation today. My guess is there’s a lot of manufacturers that have a backed up R&D pipeline right now. So, is it a fair assessment that maybe we can expect new products to be a bigger driver than they recently have, or is it too early to say that? And I guess I’m asking both about Smucker and the industry as a whole.
