Mark Smucker: Thanks, Andrew. It's Mark. I would say, largely the bulk of the inventory restock is behind us. There will probably be some potentially moderating, but we are seeing the trends in consumption continue. We commented in the prepared remarks, specifically about peanut butter and the latest four, we're seeing our share come back. So for the vast majority of our - of our brands, we are seeing some pretty decent consumption take away. Our focus is just going to remain largely on supporting our customers and our consumers. As long as we continue in this environment, that's really our number one priority to make sure that we're getting our products, our brands and large assortment of them to the shelves.
Mark Smucker: Yes Andrew, it's Mark again. Clearly, we have maintained a really good cadence of cost discipline throughout this and I think one of the things that the pandemic has taught us is that we can and will be agile and very focused on those things that are really going to drive the business. So just our ability to adapt the partnerships that we've strengthened with our customers, the ways in which we are targeting and reaching our consumers, I think we've learned that we can do those things and remain extremely focused on where we are going to find growth. As it relates specifically to our cost structure, you know we have exercised a high degree of cost discipline, but I would stop short of going any further than that and we may potentially discuss that a bit at our Investor Day in October.
Mark Smucker: Yes, and this is Mark. Just to comment a little bit on the channel dynamics. What we have seen is the pet specialty channel continues to exhibit some softness, but there continues to be a general shift consumers going to e-commerce. One thing that was unique, just to build on Tucker's comment is the total dog category was actually down in the quarter largely because of the destock. That's the first time in a very long time that you would see the dog food category having been down. As I said in my last comments, we do view that has - we're largely through much of that, but I think the important point to note is that our total pet business is up and we've seen great growth in both cat and pet snacks. And so that has clearly been a positive as well as performance for our innovation.
Mark Smucker: Roughly - it depends on the cat - on the segment of the category, it's about 15% to 20%. We can get the more accurate number and give that to you offline.
Mark Smucker: Yes. Chris, just on the M&A front, as you know, we always are - have lines in the water, if you will, and just making sure that we are seeing and have access to some of the opportunities that may be out there. I would say, generally speaking, it has been relatively light. But as Tucker pointed out, we are getting ourselves into a position where we could participate in the M&A market if the right opportunity came. But at this point, there really is no new news to report and we will just continue to monitor.
Mark Smucker: Rob thanks for the question. You're right. Financial discipline is one of our foundational priorities, particularly for this year, as it would be for any year, but we really are focused on it this year. Tucker already spoke to, obviously, debt and just our cash generation. But we are very focused on our margin profile, making sure that we can we are very maintain and ultimately improve our margins. And that really comes from a continuous improvement mindset, which we have done a great job, just in terms of our margin management from a cost - internal cost standpoint. But we will continue to be very focused on strategic pricing, and our recent actions in peanut butter support that. We mentioned briefly in the script that we have - we did - we have seen some cost increases on peanuts, largely because of crop quality, but we were able to partner very closely with our retail customers in order to manage that in a very judicious way, making sure that we are able to pass along our cost in an appropriate way, of course. So those will all be components of how we continue to manage our profitability going forward.
Mark Smucker: Right. So in our pet business, I would say, from a macro perspective, Rob, we are seeing the pet category perform largely as it normally does. Pets, I've said this before, pets always eat at home. So the increase from stay-at-home consumption is largely focused on humans. So the Pet category itself, I would just - I would say, is largely continues to - the dynamics are very similar to what they normally would be pre or post-COVID. It's a competitive environment. On Nutrish, specifically, our net pricing is down from a year ago, which was part of our targeted actions to improve the performance of that brand. But increased trade in general, I think, is - we're not seeing that largely across the entire pet portfolio.
Mark Smucker: Jason, its Mark. I would just reinforce a comment I made earlier, just to respond to your comment about the restock. The restock was clearly - largely fell in our first quarter and it was more specific, of course to consumer and coffee. And as I said earlier, we are largely through that and in the most recent share information, you would see our share, particularly in consumer, coming back and seeing some share growth. Coffee has been pretty much strong throughout the quarter.
Mark Smucker: Yes. First of all, there's been significant e-commerce growth in coffee. So there has been a market shift for coffee being purchased in the e-commerce channel. So, from an unmeasured standpoint, you definitely wouldn't be seeing the coffee growth there either.
Mark Smucker: Absolutely, Rob. Thanks for the question. On peanut butter, there hasn't been any significant rationalization of SKUs. So, as we're trying to point out a little bit in the script, when we - when COVID was really at its peak, and we were asked by our customers to focus on the most important SKUs, we did just that. And so some of the share shifting that we saw in three or four months ago was really a result of the fact that we were selling everything we could make. We were selling more peanut butter than anyone else out there, but it was a limited assortment. Now that we are able to - we're still running essentially full out in our two key peanut butter plants. We have actually been able to restock the more full assortment. And so that fuller assortment is actually now getting on shelf, and that is why in the latest four, you would start to see our share starting to grow back towards where it was before.  So significant SKU rationalization as a result of COVID, not a lot. But I will tell you on innovation, we still are committed to innovation. As I spoke to, I think, in a quarter, maybe a quarter two ago, innovation is going to remain very important. It's a balance between platform innovation and more common things like line extensions. In the quarter, innovation was - new products were 5% of our sales and roughly $100. So, we’ve been very pleased with our innovation. I know there's been a lot of focus on Jif Power Ups and discontinuing that was the right decision. But even on something like 1850, we recently gained quite a few new points of distribution, well in the thousands of new points of distribution and that brand online continues to grow very, very well. So, innovation is going to continue to be very important. We feel like we've had some success there and we will continue to drive innovation as a one component of our top line growth.
Mark Smucker: Yes. Pamela thanks for the question. I would say our coffee pricing strategy, we are extremely disciplined. The underlying green coffee costs have been somewhat volatile, but still at historical lows. There has been some uptick in the last few weeks, particularly on Arabica, and so we would expect to see some cost increase into the second quarter. That said, we have multiple levers that we use to manage our retail prices. Sometimes it’s trade more recently, it's been more trade-related than it has, specifically pricing, but we will remain extremely disciplined on the pricing front and ensure that our margins, particularly on coffee and as well as across our business, but on coffee, we've said before, we're really maintaining those margins in the low 30-ish percent, is doable.
Mark Smucker: Yes. So, as it relates to our Away From Home business, we did see an improvement as it relates to our plan for the first quarter. That was largely due to assumption we made about the timing of basically society reopening and folks leaving their homes and going out to restaurants, and we did see that improvement. However, on a full year basis, we still are pretty cautious about how we're seeing that business. It still is anticipated to be a significant and extended decline. And really, what we're seeing here is that the office coffee portion with folks not returning to the workplace as quickly, is offsetting some of the momentum or positive that we're seeing, for example, in restaurants or other venues like that. But I would note that we continue to see great performance in the handheld aspect of the business. So again, we are remaining cautious, but we're also remaining a bit optimistic that we'll do better in that business as well.
Mark Smucker: Well, first of all, thank you all for listening. We appreciate the support. Obviously, we're very pleased with our results this quarter, and our priority is to continue to support our customers and consumers and really make this growth sticky as we've regained a number of new consumers. And then finally, just wanting to acknowledge that all of this is possible because of our fantastic employees, and just a huge shout out to our employees because they're the ones that have really allowed us to deliver, and we look forward to continuing to deliver in the quarters to come. Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Faiza this is Tucker. I will start as it relates to your question around destock and then Mark will take some of the channel dynamic portion of the question. As it relates to the first quarter, we did anticipate that there would be some destocking within pet. The answer to the question is, yes. However, it came later in the quarter. The month of May was a particularly strong month for us as it relates to our pet food business across both cat snack and dog. It began to moderate across all three as the quarter went on. And will continue to moderate into the second quarter, but big picture the destock did occur.
Tucker Marshall: Ken, good morning. This is Tucker. We did not isolate the breakdown of the two-thirds component between consumption and retailer inventory replenishment. I think that's pretty hard for us at this point to sort of isolate. But what we do see is, is obviously continued momentum due to COVID, but we also see underlying momentum in the business as well.
Tucker Marshall: Ken, I would respond in saying that we have not factored anything into our guidance due to school closures. Obviously back-to-school is a component of our fiscal year, we feel very comfortable with the way we've approached back-to-school both at plan and where we stand today. In the away from home business, as you may recall, it has an Uncrustables component and that Uncrustables component does service schools. And we continue to provide product to those schools because they are feeding America despite the fact that those school districts may be closed.
Tucker Marshall: David, again, we have quantified that we believe two-thirds of the over delivery is associated with COVID. Again, a portion is consumption. A portion of it is inventory rebuilds at retailers. We do see continued positive scans across our coffee and consumer business. There's elements within pet that continue to perform. There is some softness, as Mark talked about, in dog. But I think what we would guide you to is to make your own estimation as it relates to what our performance is and then what you're seeing both and consumption as well. It's our best look, but we just don't feel comfortable quantifying that impact at this time.
Tucker Marshall: David, as it relates to the approximately $0.79 over delivery from the prior year about $0.15 of that was anticipated or planned. The balance, half of it is due to the increased at-home consumption, the retailer replenishment, better performance in our Away From Home business in the quarter. And so we are taking that portion, which is about $0.30 to $0.35, and feeling comfortable to put that into our guidance range. The remainder, which is about $0.30 or so, really reflects favorable SD&A expenses across the company, consistent in most all businesses that we are anticipating to come back into the second quarter and beyond, and that's largely driven by timing. An example would be marketing that we did not spend in the first quarter that we anticipate in the second quarter and then, additionally, some promotional activity and other reinvestment considerations. So that's really where the breakdown of the $0.79 year-over-year or roughly $0.70, as you asked. The last comment, I would make as it relates to guidance is, is that we are very focused and making sure that we are providing visibility and transparency about our results, which were quite strong for the quarter, again, what we're seeing for the second quarter and again, the back half remains uncertain for the obvious reasons of just living through a pandemic. And so as a result of that, we will just continue to provide updates as we get through each subsequent quarter and come through the totality of the fiscal year.
Tucker Marshall: So Chris, big picture. I think the perspective that you've taken is correct. We are beginning to see a moderation of growth, particularly into the second quarter within our coffee and consumer business. We're also experiencing that within our pet business. And I would also remind you that even at - even though we did perform better than anticipated on our Away From Home business in the first quarter. We do anticipate significant and extended declines in that business for Q2, Q3, and Q4. And then as you noted, we do have that comp in the fourth quarter that we do need to lap. And then further as - back to the comment I provided to David, is that we're still working through what the back half truly looks like and we'll have a better visibility to that as the months and the quarters go by. But I think big picture, you've framed it in correctly.
Tucker Marshall: Chris, I'll address the capital deployment aspect, and then I'll ask Mark to comment on the broader M&A market. As it relates to our capital deployment or cash deployment for the fiscal year, we remain committed to generating that approximate $925 million to $975 million worth of free cash flow. We are prioritizing continuing to pay quarterly dividends. We did just increase the quarterly dividend in the month of July. We also are prioritizing continuing to pay down our term loan that continues to position us for strength across the balance sheet. And then we do need to keep our eyes open opportunistically as it relates to how and where and when we bring back share repurchases to support shareholder value and then also how we consider the deployment of cash into M&A opportunities, and I'll hand it to Mark to talk a little bit about the M&A front.
Tucker Marshall: Jason, this is Tucker. I think it's fair to say that the e-commerce channel is predominantly benefiting our Pet business. And so, therefore, when you look at the measured channels and then think of e-commerce as sort of an unmeasured channel, you can go ahead and make your estimation there. And then, as you want to extrapolate it across the rest of the portfolio, you can. But, obviously, the magnitude comes through pet.
Tucker Marshall: Jason, I think as it relates to the promotional environment, we continue to work through that on a couple of dimensions. One, promotional activity did change as we came into COVID. Promoting was reduced as it relates to pretty much coffee and consumer. And so, now we need to think about how we're bringing those promotional activities and when we do it back across both coffee and consumer and then a recognition that we also, because of either input costs or otherwise, just making sure that we have the right price reflected on shelf as well across our entire portfolio. So, I think there's maybe a little bit to what you're sharing and asking, but I think we're still working through what pricing and promotion mean, both coming into the environment of COVID-19 and coming out of it as well.
Tucker Marshall: Pam, thank you. At a total company level, we feel that the gross profit margin, again, will range from 37.5% to 38% throughout the fiscal year. It's largely driven by continued growth in the top line across our business. It's also supported by better than expected commodity costs at plan. Commodities will be up year-over-year, though, as a clarification. And then, as we continue to think about the Away From Home business, to the extent that it can continue to outperform the current expectations, that will also support the margin as well.
