Mark Smucker: Sure, Andrew. Thanks for the question. It's Mark Smucker. Let me just make a couple of very brief comments just about the business in general, and I will answer the Nutrish question. I just want to acknowledge, first of all, that we are very pleased with the results this quarter. It's our sixth quarter in a row of meeting or exceeding expectations. If you look at in the prepared remarks and you back out some of the noise in terms of divestitures and really look at an apples-to-apples, the total company grew 1%. All of our U.S. businesses grew and on a 2-year stack, we saw that 6% top line growth.   So the point here is that underlying business fundamentals remain strong, demand is still there. Our investments almost across every part of our business are working. Our brands are strong. I mean just looking at the share growth, 2/3 of our portfolio are growing. A couple of years ago, that was like 1/4 of our brands were growing. So we are very pleased with the progress and the way we've been able to execute throughout the last -- particularly the last 18 months in the pandemic.   And so really one of the only spots where we have not been satisfied is on Nutrish dry dog. Even the pet business itself grew in line with our algorithm. If you look on a 2-year stack, it's about a 3% growth. And we've said our algorithm is 3% to 4%. So we have been meeting that and seeing growth in dog snacks and cat food, et cetera. So really, we're isolated to Nutrish dry dog. We do remain committed to the brand. We have continued our portfolio and packaging optimizations.   We are -- it's still at the early stages of the Big Life launch. So we clearly believe that there is still potential for the brand. Specifically, though, we have not been satisfied with some of our marketing investments and feel that they have not delivered the requisite return. And so we are actually pulling back on some of those marketing investments, still supporting the master brand and Big Life, but making sure that the dollars we're spending there are truly going to make a difference, and we're going to pull back temporarily and reevaluate some of those investments. And so that's why we said the full recovery of the Nutrish brand will be delayed throughout the remainder of this fiscal year. 
Mark Smucker: Sure, Chris. This is Mark. As we think about cost and pricing recovery, we really try to take a holistic view and make sure that, as we've said before, are working with our retail customers in a prudent and fair way to recover essentially the aggregate costs. And so when we look at costs and how they impact the finished product, we really look at that in totality. And as we go forward with our retail partners, just making sure that we have an open and transparent dialogue of what needs to happen so that we can indeed recover those costs through our entire tool kit, whether that's list price, net revenue optimization or what have you. 
Mark Smucker: Yes, Bryan, it's Mark. Generally speaking, the frost in Brazil, which is what Tucker was referring to, over a longer period, over a 12-month period is going to have some impact on the amount of coffee that's available. However, as one of the -- we are the largest roaster in the U.S. and one of the larger roasters in the world. We still would be able to get our needs met, but as Tucker referenced, it is going to be at higher prices, which we will continue to manage through our robust set of hedging tools. So we think we can manage through it, but just acknowledge that both just the Brazilian crop as well as some of the ongoing transportation issues are contributing to those costs. 
Mark Smucker: Sure. I guess the headline there would be that as we have managed through this initial phase of pricing, which is now in effect, the elasticities that we have modeled have generally performed as expected. We can't predict what green coffee is going to do over the long term in terms of costs, but we are certainly not at historical highs and so we would anticipate that as we think about further pricing actions and elasticity, that we should be able to manage through that. And even though no elasticity model is ever perfect, we do have confidence that we'll be able to manage through that in a realistic fashion. 
Mark Smucker: Alexia, it's Mark. As we've discussed thus far, we've talked a lot about inflation and cost pressures, and that is of course the primary driver. And then the second one is supply chain, as you noted. I mean if we really want to simplify, it's primarily those 2 factors. There's a lot of unknowns, of course, about the pandemic and what course that may take, so we're watching that extremely carefully.  But as to the supply chain, specifically, we do believe that the reason that we have had success is because of our ability to execute and manage the supply chain. There is no question that it is tight and there are a variety of issues, tightness spanning from all the way upstream to all the way to the shelf at the retailer. But I would submit that our team and our people have done such a good job of managing every single step of the way, engaging with suppliers and customers all the way through to the retail shelf that has been key to our success.  And so much so that it has allowed us to actually gain distribution at shelf because we generally have been able to deliver to our customers. We've gained some space in recent shelf set resets because of our ability to execute. And so if you think about that factor coupled with our new commercial model, which is truly focused on the retail shelf and delivering, I think that really has been critical to how we've been able to deliver results thus far, and we would anticipate continuing those trends. 
Mark Smucker: Rob, I would just -- it's Mark. I would just add one thing on coffee, which is you'll recall that our strategy has been to ensure, number one, that we're participating in all the segments of the category, but also continue to shift the portfolio to the growing segments. So in that case, that being Dunkin', Café Bustelo and K-Cups are all -- all 3 of those are outpacing the segment or the category -- we are outpacing the category, excuse me. And even the Folgers brand has continued to gain share and its growth, particularly in K-Cups, has been strong as well. So we feel like as the portfolio shifts, we are delivering against our strategy. 
Mark Smucker: Yes. If you look at coffee on a 2-year basis, in that 2-year stack, we are seeing 8%. So that's obviously very strong. And the distribution gains that were referenced, I think, in the prepared remarks were relative to primarily recent some shelf resets as well as some new pickup at some key customers. So those -- we haven't seen those come through our P&L yet, but that will clearly be a help as we move forward. 
Mark Smucker: Pam, we have been able to take pricing and pass that through. And as we observe the market, we have seen our peers and competitors do similarly. And so we have confidence that we will continue to do that. And just reminding that pet snacks is really a key part of our strategy, and we do lead there. So we are clearly not only in pet snacks but in other portions of our business have been able to do so. So again, just to point, the headline being that our pet business is performing to expectations with the exception of Nutrish. And so we have delivered against our algorithm on pet. 
Mark Smucker: Ryan, thanks for the question. It's Mark Smucker again. As I started at the beginning of the Q&A, the demand has generally remained strong. I mean using coffee as an example, 75% of cups consumed are still consumed at home and a lot more brewers in place. Clearly, there are more pets out there. And so pet snacks will continue to do -- will continue to meet our expectations because consumers will continue to treat their pets. And so that will be another one.  And then, of course, as I've discussed in the past, even post pandemic, however we define that, one thing is certain which is career professionals are going to continue to work from home more than they did pre pandemic. And that will benefit us because it speaks specifically to breakfast and lunch occasions. So particularly in our spreads, peanut butter and jelly as well as our Uncrustables business, we would expect that to be a positive factor on our businesses. 
Mark Smucker: Thank you for your time and interest in our call this morning. We do remain confident in our strategy and the delivery of our business, the underlying fundamentals and the fact that we are still able to continue to invest in our business to ensure that we deliver against our strategy. So we hope that many of you will be able to join us virtually for our presentation at the Barclays Global Consumer Staples Conference in a couple of weeks, and hope everyone has a great day and a good weekend. 
Tucker Marshall: Ken, as it relates to first quarter shipments, the first quarter from a big picture perspective came in line with expectations. But we did have 2 areas that were a bit softer than anticipated. One, due to labor and transportation issues throughout the entire network, there were some shipments left on the dock that occurred at the end of July that should pick up into August. And secondly, due to some specific situations with 2 e-commerce retailers, e-comm in the quarter was a little bit softer. So we would anticipate in the second quarter and beyond shipments to recover and then also a bit of return in the e-commerce channel. 
Tucker Marshall: Ken, as we came into the fiscal year, we were anticipating mid single-digit cost inflation as a percent of our total cost of goods sold. Now we're seeing high single-digit cost inflation as a percentage of our total cost of goods sold. The change from our initial expectation is really driven within our commodity ingredients area, transportation and then packaging.   And when you think of commodity ingredients, there have been a few factors that have been driving that. One is weather-related, so that would impact coffee, particularly with Brazil weather patterns. The second was also weather patterns in the West, specifically the Pacific Northwest that impacted fruit. So those are 2 areas of commodities or ingredients where we've seen inflation come through, particularly in the second half of our fiscal year. Transportation, due to the volatility and tightness of supply chain, continues to be real not only from a labor standpoint but also from a unit standpoint, and just an overall sort of backlog in the system that has persisted throughout the entire pandemic. And then on the packaging front, packaging continues to have the implications of just ongoing pricing pressures that continue candidly from the weather disruption that occurred in the winter time frame in Texas due to the freeze.   And so as a result of this persistent inflation, we continue to manage through very effectively not only through our supply chain and relationships with our suppliers and the great work by our teams, but we've got to acknowledge this inflation in our P&L and we need to recover it. And we are going to recover it through additional pricing actions this fiscal year that we anticipate in the second and third quarters in order to recover that. So we do believe this is a timing impact. And as a result of the timing impact, it should have pressure on the margin that we noted as well. But I do want to acknowledge 2 things. We remain confident in the way we've executed throughout the entire pandemic, and we will going forward. And I also want to acknowledge that this is not a symptom specific to Smucker. Candidly, this is a symptom specific to the entire economy. 
Tucker Marshall: Chris, definitely, there are 2 factors that are driving the inflationary environment for us. One is just the underlying input commodity and ingredient. The second is transportation, as you have noted. And that has been a persistent headwind not only last fiscal year but it continues to be one this fiscal year. And again, it is predominantly driven by the availability of labor and it's also driven, to some extent, by the capacity of the system.   And so that's what we continue to manage through. We have been very successful in managing not only our long-term contracts but also our spot rate contracts as well. We continue to do our best. But as you bring material in, as you produce and you ship material out, the entire network right now is impacted from a transportation standpoint. And it is material. 
Tucker Marshall: No. The commodity and ingredient would be the leading factor. A very close secondary factor would be transportation and packaging if you're thinking in terms of order of magnitude. 
Tucker Marshall: Bryan, as it relates to our cost position for the year, as we said, coming into our fiscal year, we knew that we would have year-over-year cost inflation, which was inclusive of our coffee portfolio as well. And we knew that, that inflation was going to begin to hit us on a 12-month basis and that we were taking initial pricing actions in July to begin to recover that initial wave of inflation. And so the margin in coffee for the quarter, but yet the margin for the entire business for the quarter does reflect that inflation ahead of the pricing recovery.   As you think about what's happened since our initial guidance, we began to have weather impacts in Brazil that began to affect the underlying commodity. And as a result of that, we've been managing through how we think about delivering the balance of the year. While we'd like to give you the specifics on our hedging position, we don't disclose that. But what we can share is, is that coffee costs have gone up and that we will take additional pricing actions and measures to ensure that we recover the inflationary impact that we're seeing to the P&L. 
Tucker Marshall: Alexia, I think the way that we've articulated this consistently is that we're experiencing double-digit commodity inflation that is resulting in high single-digit cost of products, goods sold inflation, which is then resulting in kind of low to mid-single-digit pricing at the total company level. We haven't necessarily disclosed by each given commodity or business the pricing amounts or actions. But that sort of formula should be able to give you a sense.  And then I would also share that on an underlying organic basis, we are anticipating at the new guidance range to be up at about 2 points. And as a result of that, you're going to see some top line pricing being offset by some underlying volume as well. And so that should help you get a revised organic of about 2.5%. 
Tucker Marshall: Rob, as it relates to coffee and its growth trajectory, I think what we would say is, is that we're probably anticipating kind of flat to up based on what we're seeing today. But that would be inclusive of additional pricing actions. I think it's difficult for us at this point to continue to break down each of the business units. I think we've talked about kind of an underlying organic for total company being up 2.5 points.  On the pricing front, just from a cadence standpoint, we took pricing in July. It's reflective, we've discussed that. We've also acknowledged that the additional pricing actions would likely come through in Q2 and Q3. So that also should give you a sense of timing as well. 
Tucker Marshall: Rob, and I will also just -- Rob, I would also remind you that a year ago, we were experiencing the continued momentum of the early stages of the pandemic into our first quarter and we had the inventory replenishment in the first quarter. So there is a big what we refer to as a COVID lap and particularly for your consumer and coffee businesses. 
Tucker Marshall: Jason, I would say that on a year-over-year basis, pricing is going to contribute sort of up to mid single-digit growth. And it's going to be offset by sort of low single-digit growth of volume/mix/other. And what you have to be careful about in the volume/mix/other is, one, it's underlying business momentum for the Smucker's Uncrustables brand, continued advancement of Café Bustelo and Dunkin' and advancement of our pet snacks portfolio, along with a return in the Away From Home business.  But then it is offset by a decrease in at-home consumption. It is also offset by supply chain disruption, which we are experiencing through our pet food portfolio, particularly in wet pet, and it's also offset by any additional trader promotion like you've talked about. But that trader promotion isn't the biggest bucket of what's causing sort of that change. And then lastly is I would just acknowledge that in our volume mix bucket, we also have factored in price elasticities for our pricing actions across the portfolio. 
Tucker Marshall: Pam, as it relates to the profitability margin for the pet food segment in the first quarter, you are correct, it did experience a decline quarter-over-quarter. I think you have to acknowledge the cost inflationary pressures in that business driven by the underlying commodities such as animal fats and proteins, along with the impact of transportation. And again, that was ahead of any pricing benefit due to pricing actions that were taken in July.  So we would anticipate that the profitability in pet food come back in the back half of the year as pricing begins to reflect a half a year benefit against sort of a partial year first half, and then it will be down year-over-year due to the timing of price recovery against cost inflation. 
Tucker Marshall: Ryan, we are anticipating continued momentum in at-home consumption and our coffee portfolio, as Mark acknowledged, and our consumer portfolio also driven by the Uncrustables brand along with the pet dynamics. And so as we continue to see how the pandemic plays out, as we continue to ensure the investment and reinvestment in our brands for the long-term health of our business and therefore for the benefit of at-home consumption and the stickiness of households that we've gained, we hope to continue that momentum in this fiscal year and beyond. Today is probably not the time to quantify what we think that is, but the momentum that we've generated continues to perform. 
Tucker Marshall: Ryan, what we continue to focus on are 2 things: one is advancement of our strategy and a component of advancing the strategy is our portfolio reshape. And a component of the portfolio reshape is making sure that we have the right SKUs in order to advance the given brand or category and that we would eliminate any unperforming or nonperforming SKUs. And so that remains consistent in any financial plan.  And then I would say beyond that, we do continue to look at our inventory levels from a working capital standpoint so that we can continue to ensure that we have the right level of raw material and finished goods in support of our supply chain, but also in support of our customers and consumers. And so those are 2 areas where we continue to focus on in the near term. But right now, we feel very comfortable with the assortment that we have behind the business. 
Robert Dickerson: Great. My first question is just a quick follow-up to Alexia's question on the kind of cadence for the year, and then just a question on the pricing. So Tucker, your last answer was helpful in terms of kind of how to think about that magnitude that we're seeing. But kind of more specifically, I'm just curious, can the coffee business actually grow revenue this year, right? And we always sometimes, let's say, see the top line can decline, but gross profit still growing. In this case, just given this near-term pressure on cost, I'm curious, could we be looking at a retail division that's flattish for the year, maybe down a little bit? Because I think that would help us also be able to rightsize the total company as we get through the year. 
Robert Dickerson: Okay. Fair enough. And the follow-up kind of flows to what you were just discussing, Mark. In the prepared remarks, again referencing the coffee business, there's a line that says came in a little bit lower than expectations, right? Just a little lighter. But then there's also the commentary around this increased distribution coming from Folgers. So I'm just trying to kind of rightsize that like why do you think maybe things were a little bit softer than you thought, but then also at the same time, what's really driving that increased distribution on Folgers brand? That's it. 
Robert Dickerson: Yes. I mean, bottom line, it seems like you can get pricing in coffee that's obviously coming through again once you've lapped the inventory build in Q1 and you get some incremental distribution. It doesn't seem like we're thinking of drastic elasticity as we get through the year. Is that fair? I'll leave it at that. 
