Mark T. Smucker: Ken, thanks for the question. This is Mark Smucker. I would start, so first of all, let me just acknowledge. There has been softness, as you know and you clearly pointed out. At the end of the day, the shifts that we've made in our strategy and the investments that we are making in innovation over the short and long term, we're pretty confident that that's going to help reverse those trends. So for example – and we'll share more with you guys next week at CAGNY, but given the changing consumer landscape, those are the trends that indeed drove the shift in our strategy to not only focus on leading iconic brands, but also to focus on some of these emerging brands as well as innovation across all of that. So we've always been good at the singles and doubles, as we call them, the line extensions, the short-term innovation. We'll continue to be good at that. And then as it relates to the longer stuff, we're going to start thinking about or we are starting to think about platforms like Uncrustables as just one example of how we can think about more meaningful innovation to come out in the next one to two to three years. And so that is what we are laser-focused on. We've had a tremendous amount of work done on our long-term innovation pipeline. And actually, I feel great about what is going to be coming in the next couple years. So in the meantime, we're going to continue to focus on – in Coffee, for example, being present and leading in all of the segments, and thinking about the innovation that can come not only in the short term but also some of the triples and home runs that we hope to bring to bear in the marketplace going forward.
Mark T. Smucker: David, this is Mark Smucker. I'll take your second question, and if Mark has anything to add, he certainly can. So just on the cost takeout, what I would start by saying is number one, we're very pleased we've been able to accelerate the current target. We've been able to deliver more. We will deliver more this year. So that's great. Number two, cost takeout is an ongoing effort, and our teams, our employees understand that it is a continuous improvement mindset. It's something that we have to do every day, not just a onetime thing. And so coming out of this, the targets that we've laid out for you guys, we will be continuing to look at other ways to take cost out, and I will submit that there are opportunities. I would also submit that if you think about us versus our peers from an organization standpoint, we're starting from a relatively lean place. We've got just over 7,000 employees. So from that perspective, we feel like we're in pretty good shape. But there are other opportunities over time to continue to look and get better. We have a proven ability in the supply chain. We've consolidated facilities. We've moved around our distribution network. We've done a lot of things in the supply chain and will continue to, but as you point out, there are other opportunities to do that, and we will share some more of those ideas with you guys next week.
Mark T. Smucker: And, Rob, this is Mark Smucker. You know from just your tenure on covering us that we were the first one in the system. We've had great relationships with that partner over time. As their leadership has changed, we've continued to have great relationship. And over that same time period, it's an ongoing dialogue, and so we've made modifications, as have other partners, to those agreements over time. And this is just another one of those opportunities to do that.
Mark T. Smucker: Rob, this is Mark Smucker. I would just add to that. The other component, clearly, the idea, the concept that fuel is inextricably linked to our ability to drive top line growth, that's what Mark was talking about. The second component of that that we've gotten better at is prioritizing where the dollars go. So to the extent that we haven't had a ton more dollars to put against marketing and we've made some very strategic choices like Nature's Recipe, we've gotten a lot better at making sure that the most important opportunities get the resources.
Mark T. Smucker: Rather than sprinkling a little dollars across every brand, we're getting a lot more strategic about where the dollars and resources go, and that would also be true as we think about how we go to market as well with our customers.
Mark T. Smucker: That was a great answer. I don't really have anything to add to that. This is Mark Smucker. I guess I would just emphasize that it is a journey, and the shifts that we've made both in our priorities and our strategy are critical to driving long-term growth. And I am confident that over the next year and beyond, we will see the types of growth that we have been talking about. And in the meantime, we will continue to focus on the close-in things that can drive top line growth. So I appreciate the question. I think that it's the question that is being asked of our industry right now. But again, the shifts that we have made do position us indeed for continued growth in the long term.
Mark T. Smucker: So basically, where we are in that journey is we've restructured our go-to-market organization in total and basically allowing us to focus more on where we need to play strategically. Part of that is RGM [Revenue Growth Management]. We are just now in the process of – or almost finished getting that organization fully staffed. And so over the course of the next fiscal year, what our focus will be is on driving efficiencies and finding the low-hanging fruit. Longer term, we will be implementing new tools, new analytics. That would be more in the next 12 to 18 months. That will give us even better visibility to where those efficiencies are. So it will start this year and will continue on over the next couple of years until we really have all of the tools and capabilities that we need to continue to be more effective in that area.
Mark T. Smucker: Again, I just want to thank all of you for your interest this morning. I know one of our peers is on their call right now, so thank you for your attention. Thanks for listening, and we really look forward to seeing many of you next week at CAGNY. Have a great weekend.
Steven Oakland: Okay, why don't I start? Hi, David. It's Steve Oakland. And I think this might help for some of Ken's comments as well. Let me take you through the Coffee business and the structure of the Coffee business and where we see growth, where we think both the near-term opportunity and the longer-term opportunities are. So to understand our Coffee business, you really have to look at three basic components. There's the premium roast and ground business, the mainstream roast and ground business, and our K-Cup business. In the premium roast and ground business, we have two brands. We talked a little bit about them in the prepared comments, but we have the Dunkin' brand, which is growing nicely both in sales and profits, and we're pleased to say we've got a robust pipeline. We're right in the middle right now of launching an at-home Dunkin' cold brew kit. So working with our partners at Dunkin' Brands, we've got a nice pipeline of innovation that ties to their stores nicely, ties to their brand nicely. The other brand that we don't talk a lot about in here other than its growth, it's still relatively small, but Café Bustelo. And Café Bustelo has been growing at double digits for a number of quarters, and that sales and profit growth is nice. And when you combine that with Dunkin', we have a broad consumer message in that premium segment. But that brand is bringing a very diverse and a much younger consumer into the portfolio. So our premium brands are positioned well. As they grow, they will be big enough over time to offset some of the decline in the mainstream roast and ground segment. So let's talk about mainstream roast and ground. That's our biggest segment. It's our Folgers brand. It's where we have scale. And when we talk about cost reduction and when we talk about leverage there, that's where it is. That business is big enough so that when the Coffee business contributes its portion of the cost savings, that's where it comes from. Now you do have, like you have this current period, you have times when cost volatility, green coffee volatility passes through that mainstream segment. We tend to do it with list price change. Our competitor tends to do it with trade, so you have bumps in the road there. But if you look at our share, our share has been flat to up a little bit over the last five, six, seven years, so over the time we've owned Folgers. So the goals there are to use innovation, leverage, and cost reduction to drive profits out of that segment, maintain our share flat to grow it a tiny bit. We don't kid ourselves there. But that's fueling a lot of the other investment. Then your question on K-Cup is a great one. We were a very early adopter to K-Cups. We got out very quickly. But what comes with that is a legacy supply chain arrangement. And I know there's been a lot of comment by some of the other players in this about the potential for new supply chain arrangements and how much they can impact their business. We see that opportunity. So we project our K-Cup business in total to be up this year, driven by Dunkin'. We're managing a tough cost situation, frankly, on our legacy business, our Folgers business. We think there's an opportunity as our contracts roll off to improve that dramatically. So we see K-Cups as growing for us. We see it as unleashing a lot of earnings power, probably starting 12 months or so from now, and then rolling on over about a three-year period. So our premium business is growing, our mainstream business has great profit potential, and our K-Cup business in the relatively near term will allow us to unlock the value of that, and we think it will drive profits for the future.
Steven Oakland: Hi, Chris. Steve Oakland. We get a little bit of that back in the fourth, but it really starts in the first quarter of next year.
Steven Oakland: Well, Rob, I think there's a couple of things. Number one, there are options that never existed when these agreements were originally done, right, so the options both with our current partner and outside our current partner are significant, so more importantly, I think the relationship with the partner and their understanding that they need a healthy Folgers business in this category, and they need Dunkin'. The Dunkin' original SKU is the number one SKU in K-Cups, right? They need that SKU invested in. They need that SKU healthy for the growth of the system long term. So I wouldn't suggest that our goals are necessarily incongruent. That doesn't mean that we don't see what's going on around us and the public comments about how favorable some of the other arrangements have become. Now, those things roll off at different times. We were an early adopter. The agreements, as you can imagine, that were written at the beginning are very different than what an agreement would be written today. And so we're confident from the dialogue we've had with them, from the options we see around us that there's significant opportunity for us to improve that profitability.
Steven Oakland: Hi, Andrew. I would say we have not given up on innovation in the Folgers mainstream business. I think we're realistic about it. I think we understand that maybe in premium coffee, that's an easier hill to climb. We're in the process this month of relaunching the perfect measures. That's a concept that tested amazingly well, and the reason you go to a lead market or test market is to get learning. And I think the learning that we got, we're relaunching. The original customers have expanded the product, so there may be something there. So I would say Folgers probably has a much stronger cost reduction culture than we've talked about in the past, but that culture is really alive and well, and they've identified a number of things both in the near term and the forward term. So we will continue to do that. There will be some focus on innovation, but I wouldn't say at all we've abandoned it. But we do know that we've got to drive cost. We've got to drive fuel from that mainstream business to invest in our premium business, to invest in the other initiatives across the company. And then I spoke to the K-Cup opportunity. We need to offset that K-Cup margin drag in the interim until K-Cups start to carry their own weight. So what I...
Steven Oakland: Sure. Hi, Akshay. I would say a couple of things. I think volatility is more difficult in the short term in our mainstream business than rising costs. We can manage rising costs, and we've got a history of that. When we have situations like we have where we have commodity spike for short periods of time where we've got our own position and our competitive position have different cost structures throughout them. Then you see funds fall through in trade, funds fall through in different methods. So I think that creates those difficult periods that you're referencing. I think over the long term, we're convinced we can, with the mix of businesses we have, with the growth of our premium business, the cost reduction focus on our mainstream, over time, we can give you that EBIT growth especially once we get our K-Cup business to contribute at the levels that it used to when it first started. So we'll get that back. We haven't talked a lot about the different components like this before. We've overcome the price compression in the K-Cup business over the last year or two in the numbers that you referenced. So I think when we have periods like we just experienced where it's really volatile, we may have some tough quarters in the mainstream business. Generally, price inflation or deflation, as long as it's consistent, then over time, we can manage that. So in a period like this, you've got to look a little longer term. And with regard to innovation, I think we have a portfolio now that's broad enough between the three segments that we can bring enough innovation to bear. Like I said in an earlier question, we're not giving up on our Folgers business. It's got great equity. It still got 23 million households across the country. It's got the largest household penetration by far. The number one premium brand has 8 million households. The total private label K-Cup, the fastest growing part of K-Cup, had 10 million households, all brands combined. So the Folgers business is still a really important business. There's a large customer base out there. We've got some work to do to find the right insight, those things that target them. So we're not giving up on it, but we also have some other places to play both in K-Cups and premium.
Mark R. Belgya: This is Mark Belgya. Maybe just to add a little bit to that last comment, as we've been able to deliver here, the acceleration of synergies has helped. We also have been pretty aggressive in looking at certain expenses across the company, both G&A and other. And we firmly believe that what might be viewed as temporary cost reductions just to deliver a year can become permanent. So we would expect that to play, and I will tell you that we've put the challenge out to the organization as part of our budgeting process, fiscal 2018 planning, to take a harder look at budgeting, probably harder than we have ever done. And then the only other thing here, and I just weighed it, I think you guys know this, but sometimes, you have to be a little cautious. I know it's easy to compare things like SD&A, but companies do treat things a little differently. For example, I know distribution can be in SD&A, it can be in COGS, so I'd just wave that flag a little bit when you do side-by-side comparisons. But that said, we're still going to challenge all those components to see where we have some opportunities. And again, I think next week you'll get a little bit better sense of how we see the synergies playing out through the rest of next year and then maybe some other cost opportunities as well.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, it will, Chris. This is Mark Belgya. If you think back what coffee cost did over the last call it three to four months, remember we had a period where we sold arabica across $1.70. And we've talked many times about our hedging, where we're constantly hedging over, and so we're moving that average. So through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, we're averaging at the high end of that, and that'll start coming down a little bit, and that'll align itself with where we priced ourselves as we move forward.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, that's right, Chris. This is Mark Belgya again. That's correct. We just accelerated the recognition and the variety of buckets we talked about the last couple of years.
Mark R. Belgya: Hey, Rob. This is Mark Belgya. So you are correct. We had the $100 million plus of synergies. Just candidly, a lot of that came from the volume profits that we reported on over the course of the year. Now, we have experienced certainly some favorable commodity input that helped from a cost perspective. But just the volume shortfalls, the net sales shortfalls have impacted most of that if you just look at it from the highest level. And I'll let Barry or Steve talk in a moment. And if we just fast forward to next year a little bit, I mean, I think there's a couple of things. One is that we're going to continue to have the opportunity to have synergies, so that, again, will temper anything from the top line. But I think as we'll talk next week at CAGNY with some of the innovation and just with the programs that both Steve and Barry have in terms of just the businesses that they're running, we would not expect to have some of the softness that we experienced in the past year from a top line perspective. So maybe, guys, if you just want to comment on that a little bit.
Mark R. Belgya: Hey, Rob. This is Mark Belgya. Let me just start and then I'll ask the guys to jump in. So let me set a couple of things. First of all, in terms of investments, we have talked candidly for the last two years since we acquired the Pet business and as we got into the synergies that the synergy recognition was $200 million first bottom line, identified an additional $50 million that we were very specific that every dollar would be reinvested. Some of that is on capabilities, but clearly the majority of that is intended to be reinvested back in the brands. Some of our brands candidly just need additional support. So that's piece one. As we look forward, what we say is continuous improvement is a mindset that we have and will continue to focus on in the company. And what we want to do is we want to balance our cost savings and our future cost savings basically such that when we think about this as an organization as we're very focused on innovation, but we also are focused on cost takeout. The issue is you don't look at these things mutually exclusive. So what we're trying to do is build this mental model where the whole organization is focused on cost such that we can provide the fuel to support the top line growth. So we feel at this point in time – and again, we'll speak a little bit more on this next week at CAGNY. But we feel that the programs that we have in place, things that we've identified from a cost perspective and then just as the work that each of the respective businesses do on a daily basis to identify takeout cost such as Steve suggested, that will all provide adequate support over time to support the innovation that's going to be so important to turn around the top line.
Mark R. Belgya: So good question. So there's nothing coming in this year. So the $240 million was our original guidance. Next year's will be up. We'll give a little bit more obviously as we move through at our next call and guidance. But what I would say is that in our press release that we said it was $200 million, $170 million to $200 million (sic) [$140 million] in the next phase. That will not all be incremental to next year. So we'll be above the $240 million, but it won't all be additive to the $240 million. So we're still finalizing our plans but just to give you that as some general guidelines. It will probably top off some place a little over $300 million for next year.
Mark R. Belgya: It is still important to delever, but I will say that when we talk about deployment now as we're getting closer to that three times, it does open up the door for more of what we'll call strategic uses of cash, be it M&A and share repurchase. We still feel share repurchase is a key to long-term valuation growth. And so when it's the right time, we would certainly entertain opportunities to look at that. So I wouldn't take away the comment that we're just focused on debt deleveraging.
Mark R. Belgya: Hey, Evan. It's Mark Belgya here, then I'll turn it back to Mark. So a couple things, and I do want to call out one point that you made on the commodities, is that with all due respect to our peers, I suspect we have maybe as much flow-through commodity pricing as anybody. So any period of time, especially in downturns of commodity cost, we're probably a little bit more affected, but that aside. So I think it just reinforces what you've heard throughout the course of the morning, is that we recognize that we're in a boat with a lot of other folks in terms of what we're seeing in volume and so forth. But we do feel confident in the fact that we have brands that are iconic brands with large share of market. Take Milk-Bone, Smucker's, Jif, Folgers, in categories that are very important to the retailer that are not necessarily affected as much by the negative things you hear around bad ingredients. So we've got a great core, but where we think we can add what maybe is a little different than a few years ago is what we talked about, this enhanced vision, and this is the focus on these emerging brands. Some of those will be acquired over time. But candidly, we're very fortunate to have what we say – and albeit they're still small, but when you take Uncrustables, Uncrustables is a $200 million business, and we're going to build this facility, which means we're going to push $500 million in the next five years roughly on that business. You take Café Bustelo, which is addressing an entirely different consumer base, bringing the millennial in, which right now is one of the biggest issues that a lot of the iconic brands we see across the food space are being challenged by. And then the Sahale Snacks, which we think is just an up-and-comer that has a lot of legs to grow. So yes, they're small and maybe it's hard to extrapolate those into the kind of growth that maybe you want to see, but we feel strong about that, and that's where our resources and focuses are going to be.
Mark R. Belgya: Sure, great question. Right now, we feel comfortable. As everyone knows on the call, we've redefined beginning of this fiscal year to add back amortization and impairment charges. A couple of comments around that. Obviously, we'll see how things play out from an SEC perspective and if there's more challenges and so forth, but the reason we feel good about it is that if you look back over time, we have been very consistent for the last several years in our definition of what we report as non-GAAP EPS, and so we've always had merger integration costs. We've always had restructuring charges. So we feel confident that between our disclosures and our consistencies that we are providing the investors with the proper information, and that we'll just monitor as time plays out as SEC does their thing in terms of the normal course of the quarterly and K reviews and see if we need to of course correct, but at this point, we feel comfortable.
Barry C. Dunaway: Sure, Mark. This is Barry. Let me just comment from a Pet perspective. With the launch of Nature's Recipe, that was a strategic decision we made to enter the premium segment in dog food. And in order to drive that business and especially to speak to the consumers about that consumer proposition, we'll be making some significant investments in marketing in F 2018, so we'll expect growth out of our base business, but with that investment in the Nature's Recipe launch, that will have an impact on our F 2018 expectations.
Barry C. Dunaway: Sure, good morning, Alexia. It's Barry. Let me comment on the snacks category. We continue to believe there are tremendous growth opportunities in snacks. As the leader of the snacks category, we've driven growth of that category through innovation. And as we stepped back over the last several months and looking at our brand strategies and our innovation pipeline, we've rebuilt that pipeline with some big ideas that we can bring to market. So we think that is going to be fundamental to driving the category growth. I would also speak to our brand strength. When we think of Milk-Bone, it's probably one of our strongest brands across the Smucker portfolio. And based on our deep consumer insights, we think that brand can play in a number of segments where it currently doesn't participate. I'd just give one example of that. We're launching a Milk-Bone toy that will drive incremental treat sales. I think that's just one example where we think we can take the Milk-Bone brand into new segments that will also drive incremental growth. And then from an M&A perspective, we think there are some enabling and bolt-on opportunities in the treat area, so that will also be part of our growth strategy.
Barry C. Dunaway: Sure. Good morning, Farha. It's Barry. Let me take that. First, as we entered into this fiscal year, our priority was to stabilize the Kibbles 'n Bits business, and I think we've demonstrated that we've done that. This last quarter, we actually saw growth both in terms of volume and dollar sales. So we're really encouraged as we've focused on the fundamentals really of pricing against that brand. We still think that that brand makes a lot of sense in our portfolio as we think about playing in every segment, so value with Gravy Train. We think about Kibbles 'n Bits as a mainstream brand. We think about Nature's Recipe as a premium brand, and then Natural Balance as a super premium brand within the pet specialty channel. So that's how we think across the portfolio. I just want to compliment our team on the rollout of the Nature's Recipe launch. From decision time to shipment was 17 weeks, and the execution was just incredible. And I think that speaks to a great portfolio of brands, deep knowledge, consumer insights and knowledge regarding our brand portfolio, and then our go-to-market capabilities and leveraging the scale of the broader Smucker organization. So that really came to light. Just some commentary. Early days as far as the launch. The Nature's Recipe brand is now on shelf. We've had some early indications from retailers that the product is performing at least even greater than expectations, and feedback we received from one retailer is 50% of the purchases so far are from consumers who did not shop the pet aisle previously in the grocery and the U.S. retail channel. So I think it just speaks to the incrementality that we expect to see from that brand. And then relative to Natural Balance, that's our flagship brand in pet specialty. Crossing Nature's over into the U.S. retail channel allows us to be laser-focused on that brand. And so our pet specialty team is focused on growing that brand and in that channel. We're launching some great innovation. At the end of the fourth quarter, we'll be bringing a high-protein, limited ingredient offering which really speaks to the equities of Natural Balance. And then from an e-comm perspective, our sales of Natural Balance to the e-comm channel are 50% greater than what we expected them to be this year. So when we think about the growth opportunities with e-comm and particularly with Natural Balance, we see a lot of upside there. So that's how we're thinking about the dog food portfolio.
Barry C. Dunaway: Yes, we're still confident in the growth expectations around the Pet business. Certainly, 3% near term. I think as we look at some longer-term opportunities, when we bring some big bets from an innovation perspective and then I spoke earlier about some bolt-on and enabling acquisitions, we think we'll get back to that 4% to 5% longer term. So yes, still very confident regarding the growth opportunities about Pet. It's a great category to be in. We have amazing brands, and so we do expect to see that growth.
Barry C. Dunaway: Hey. Good morning, John. It's Barry. Let me just speak to the pet specialty channel. I think like our competitors, we all saw some declines in store traffic especially this past quarter, and I think it was close to 5% declines in traffic across all the major retailers. So not unlike our competitors, I think that was part of the challenge. We spoke to an ingredient issue. So with our Natural Balance product and our proposition, we have some unique proteins. Unfortunately, with one of those, those proteins in a lead item, we've experienced some shortages. Our supply chain team is focused on replenishment, and we'll get back to a continuous supply I think probably by the end of the fourth quarter.
