Richard K. Smucker: Yeah, I'll give it a general answer and then I'll ask the team to respond specifically, but our advertising primarily is a little more longer term and the benefits of the advertising don't just hit quarter-by-quarter. And a lot of that is brand building and we try to do it over time. We try to be consistent. And so we wouldn't expect to see it necessarily in the quarter. But if the team has any of the specific efforts that we made this past quarter, please speak up.
Richard K. Smucker: I'll start on that and then I'll let Mark finish up. But we look at using cash in a variety of ways. Our first choice is to look at new acquisitions, because we think that builds the business for the long term, but share buybacks is still part of our plan over time. We still think our company is a great investment. And with the better cash flow that we have, it gives us a little bit of better ability to do that sooner rather than later. But no announcements at this point.
Richard K. Smucker: ...because we're still very excited about the Pet business. I mean, this is – it's a great business and any acquisition we've ever made historically, there's always a hiccup. I've never had an acquisition where one of the – all the cylinders fire 100%, but we are – three-quarters of this business is doing very well. And so we'll figure out the mainstream pet soon enough, but the other businesses are right in line where we'd like them to be. And so we're still very confident and very excited about the Pet business.
Richard K. Smucker: Steve, I would also maybe add to that, that the retailers right now are kind of resetting the categories because, I think, they've all agreed there's been too many SKUs there. And we have some very, very good SKUs that, I think, as they do resets, we'll end up with a better position over time.
Richard K. Smucker: Okay, well, there's a couple of things we need to really look at in the numbers. We look at the price-to-cost relationship on an annual basis, right? And I think we took price down early and so you might see some of that – you saw some of that hit us in the early periods. You see now the benefit of that in later periods. The volume is also helping our operational efficiency. And so just the nature of how some of those things fall, a lot of that fell this quarter. It's an annual number, but it falls in periods when you take that absorption. So I think we can see very good margins. We continue to see solid margin growth in this business. We think the green market, as we look out the next quarter or so or two, looks like it will continue to help us hit those price points to invest in the things I talked about in the earlier question and maintain similar margins. So we think if we can keep all of those things, it's really three-dimensional. It's exciting the consumer, exciting the retailer and then having those things right. We think we're going to be in good shape the next couple of quarters.
Richard K. Smucker: Jason, I'm going to add one thing to those comments is that last year when we sat here and we knew we were challenged in coffee, a lot of the activities that we've taken place this year in coffee were put into our strategy last year. Almost, in fact – for example, the change in the size of our coffee canister was a two-year project. So we saw last year the challenges that we had in coffee. And even before that occurred, we were putting a lot of initiatives in place to make sure this year has turned out the way it is. Now obviously, we had the tailwind of a little bit with green coffee cost, but the work on getting the Dunkin' K-Cup was also a two or three-year project. So a lot of those initiatives really are two to three years old, and now they're all coming to fruition this year. So I just want to put in perspective that when we see a tough quarter, we can't respond and the very next quarter things turn around. So I think it's important to remember that, but it's also important to remember that we look at those things and take that long-term perspective. And so the same thing applies on our mainstream Pet Food business. And we put a number of initiatives in place and we think that over time that'll turn around also. But we're not sitting on our laurels. We recognize those are challenges that we have and have a number of initiatives in place, but you may not see the results of those for six to nine months or a year later.
Richard K. Smucker: I think that that's part of the advantage of having a broad portfolio and the size and scale that the company has, and adding another growth leg is that the innovation funnel is balanced over time and there'll be a lot of work going forward to make sure that we always have something coming down the funnel. And that we have talked with long lead customers and have good plans in place so that we constantly refresh that. But there will obviously – continue to be certain brands, Folgers, Dunkin', Milk-Bone, Jif, et cetera that we're going to focus that innovation against because they have the brands that have the shoulders to take that kind of innovation. But I think there'll always be something in the funnel on a forward basis, and that's just part of having the resources that the company has.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. And Dave mentioned it also, just the fact that we have a much broader portfolio than we've ever had before. We've got more initiatives in place and more new product initiatives in place than we've ever had before. We also have – we still want to drive our share of market for each of our existing brands. And the fact that our go-to-market strategy and the sales and marketing teams that we put together are much more robust than we've ever had before. So we would expect basically to pull each one of those levers, and no one is going to drive the growth. But if you combine them all together, if we can get a little bit out of each one which is our plan, we're going to see reasonable growth. Now we're in categories that we think resonate well with the consumer today, and so we think that we're going to have some reasonable baseline growth in addition with new product growth. But it's a challenged market out there, but we think we're well positioned and probably better positioned than most CPG companies to see that growth.
Richard K. Smucker: Acquired by JAB? I think we made the statement earlier that we're committed to grow the K-Cup business, and I think we've done that this year. I think it's a testament to that relationship so far. We are having the kind of dialogue to candidly discuss what we've got to do with the leadership of Keurig. We can't look into what will happen in the future. I mean, we need that – once that transaction closes, there's nothing they've said or done to-date that would suggest that we won't work together on those opportunities. But we have to be positioned to grow that business. I mean, the consumer has spoken, they want K-Cups. And so we're committed to be there. And to-date, I think we've been with the right partner.
Richard K. Smucker: And the other thing we mentioned at CAGNY is we now have about 25% of our media now spent is in digital, which is up. If you measured that a couple of years ago, it was less than 10%. So we're moving in that area. But as Dave said, it's not easy to measure so we're trying to do it judiciously and trying to measure it where we can.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, Rob, you just listed all the criteria that we look at continually in terms of evaluating our portfolio. So those are things that we do look at. We look at our portfolio on a regular basis. We actually think, for the most part, we have a good portfolio right now, and it doesn't mean we're not going to look at something to divest a small brand here or there, but I don't see anything in the future in the next year or so.
Richard K. Smucker: I think I'd just add to that and in the sense that each one of our businesses does have a target in terms of innovation and what we expect their growth rate to be from innovation. And it really does depend upon each of those categories and where we think innovation really drives the category. So although like Dave, I'm not prepared to share those numbers, each one of them has a target to go for, and each general manager has an obligation to hit those targets and it's built into their bonuses and their performance. So we look at that all the time. So thanks for the question.
Richard K. Smucker: I want to thank everybody for being on the call today. I appreciate your questions and look forward to having a great fourth quarter and next year. So thank you very much for joining us.
Mark T. Smucker: Yeah, Richard. This is Mark Smucker. I would just add, Eric, that we did pull back significantly on advertising last year so we are returning our advertising more to historical levels. And, as Richard said, it is around some building of equity. We have a new Smucker's TV commercial on air. And then it's just supporting some of our new things, as well, I know Milk-Bone. But Richard is also right that the support on advertising generally has a residual impact, but we think it's important.
Mark T. Smucker: Well, Alexia, this is Mark Smucker. I guess I'll start. So where you see more promotional activity like baking, there's no question that that has taken place. We've seen in that particular category that the depth of promotion has not yielded growth, and actually we've seen that across multiple customers. And there are other areas where we are more focused on being more efficient in our trade spend and so over time, our goal is, as I think we've said a couple times, not to prune for the sake of pruning, but to get better at spending those dollars and putting them where they really do affect the business.
Mark T. Smucker: So again, on baking, I think we've heard broadly from our customer base that they weren't as happy, of course, with the fall bake period, given the level of activity and the fact that the category itself continue to decline. But what's interesting is and where we have seen good growth is on the on-trend items, like gluten-free and the more simple ingredients. Those businesses seem to be doing very well, albeit not enough to offset the declines in sort of the mainstream business. So cake, frosting – unfortunately, frosting has been down as well. Brownies are actually doing well for some reason, but it's really in the more on-trend, authentic, simple ingredient items that we're seeing some good growth. That would also be true in our Fruit Spreads business as well. Even though we had a down quarter in peanut butter, our Jif Natural, our no-stir natural product, is actually up significantly as well. So from a peanut butter perspective, I think we're less concerned because the consumer takeaway has not followed our decline in shipments, and so we would expect to see some improvement over the coming months in peanut butter.
Mark T. Smucker: Hey, Farha, it's Mark again. In peanut butter, we do think it's probably limited to the third quarter. Again, the consumer takeaway on the scan data has not reflected that. So I think we feel cautiously optimistic about the next several months.
Mark T. Smucker: Yeah. This is Mark Smucker. I'll just add to that. As Dave said, there's a lot of advertising being spent, particularly in pet, on what we would call initiative. So if you think about the two buckets of advertising, its meat is equity support and initiative. And so a lot of what you're seeing in the past is more on new products and niches versus Smucker's. We're on air with a new ad that is strictly focused on equity. But in either case, they're relatively difficult to manage or measure, I should say, and so just trying to get the ROI on those isn't a quarterly exercise. It's more like a 12-month exercise. But we do feel that obviously supporting our brands is very important and we're going to continue to do that. But I think that's it.
Mark T. Smucker: And this is Mark Smucker. I would just add that Smucker's Natural Fruit Spreads, Smucker's Fruit & Honey, as Mark just pointed out, Purely Simple, all of those products which have possibly slightly higher ingredient costs, we're able to command a premium for those. And the consumer, by offering variety, the consumer that wants those products will choose those products. And we've actually – because we've seen growth there, it does validate the fact that the consumer is willing to choose with their pocketbook.
Steven Oakland: Sure. And hi, Eric, Steve Oakland; I would say there's a number of factors in the Coffee business right now that are all going right, but it would be hard not to say some of the marketing materials, especially on the Dunkin' K-Cup launch. We've got awareness out very, very quickly on that. So I would hope that the Dunkin' media has been very helpful.
Steven Oakland: Hi, Chris, Steve Oakland. The coffee business does have a couple of big segments and if you bore into that Nielsen data, you'll see that our mainstream roast and ground business all go through a lot of change this year. Remember there's an 11% smaller canister, the promotional size, and we took a 6% price decline. So you roll those two things in and you actually see volume up. So for mainstream volume to be up when you take 11% out of the canister, we think it's a nice rebound for that business and we're hitting price points that excite, I talk about this, both the retailer and the consumer, right? You need the price point that gets the retailer excited about merchandising it. So that piece of business is much healthier than it's been in a while. So then you take our Dunkin' K-Cup business and it's fair to say that that business has just come out of the gates on fire. We continue to see good momentum there. So the Dunkin' K-Cup business is very strong. And, although small, Bustelo is starting to move our share a little bit, right? It's starting to get big enough that that business is material. Now the Dunkin' bag business has been a struggle early on in the year. And I would say that we've seen price compression in premium that we've never seen before. Part of that is driven by green and I think part of that is driven by strategy of the competitive set. And so the good news is that the pricing we have in the market we've seen today somewhat turned that around and we expect that business as green helps us to get even better. And frankly, the legacy K-Cup business or the Folgers K-cup business is performing, I would argue, how the K-Cup category. If you take two premium brands out, you take us and the other major premium brand out of the K-Cup business, it's not been that healthy of a category. And so the opportunity for us is to continue the momentum on the Dunkin' business and to fix our K-Cup business and we are committed – I think that's an important statement – to growing our whole K-Cup portfolio over time. Dunkin' has given us a little bit of a tailwind there – a lot of tailwind right there, but the challenge for us is to get our legacy K-Cup business back on track.
Steven Oakland: Yeah, there's no question. You will see mainstream K-Cups will be much more price competitive across I would – it's hard to say what our competitors will do. But, we will be following that trend, and some of that pricing is actually in the market as we speak.
Steven Oakland: Yeah, it'll be classic category management, right? With all of that growth, I think everybody just threw SKUs at it and threw space at it. And now you'll see classic category management. How many hazelnuts do you need? I mean, you can go in some sections and there's 13 hazelnuts. So I think those things will work their way out. But we have some real work to do on our K-Cup business. The consumers told us they want them and so we have to win there.
Steven Oakland: And Richard, if I can comment, this is Steve. I'll go on the Coffee business. If we look at the results that we're posting this year, we've got strong momentum on our base business. And I went through some of these earlier, we think that from what we can see should maintain – we think there's some opportunity. If you remember, our first quarter wasn't as strong as the back nine months has been. We think that the premium green – we don't usually get into this, but different streams of green come in at different times of the year. So we think there's going to be some tailwind for our Dunkin' business in next year and we have to make that grow. Our Dunkin' business has the opportunity to get its momentum back underneath it. And what we talked about on Folgers K-Cups. So we don't think the powder has all been spent on the coffee business. We think there's some opportunities to repeat what we've done. The largest retailer in the country did not take Dunkin' K-Cups out of the gate. They're there now, so that will be a little bit of a tailwind. So we feel good about the coffee segment, even following the kind of numbers that we've shown you this year so...
Mark R. Belgya: Eric, it's Mark. I think – basically agree with Richard. We've been pretty adamant in the last year or so as we – or last half year, I guess, as we came out of the transaction with the speeding up of the paydown and the fact that we did around three times, I think, we're at the level that we're comfortable with, three times the leverage. So we'll hit that at the end of next year. So that just will sped up anything in terms of whether it's acquisition, buyback or other uses of the cash
Mark R. Belgya: Chris, this is Mark. Obviously, if you take where we ended this quarter and probably somewhat similar in Q4 and take that off, I think you're going to get down more in that $2.2 billion range.
Mark R. Belgya: No, it's against the $5.70 to the $5.80. The milk gain – the gain, David, is a one time. What we're not excluding, of course, is the contribution, the first eight months of milk, which is in that $5.70 to $5.80. So we'll grow off that but we're not going to grow off the milk gain included.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. Going back to your first point, I would like to clarify why we included it because I think it's important everyone understands on the call. We have historically put the expectations on our businesses, both on the positive and the negative. They're responses for the brands so that's why over time we've included amortization and impairment. At the same time, the brand benefits if we're able to generate a gain on a sale of a brand that no longer fits the portfolio, we felt it's just as appropriate to run that through. So while you guys may exclude that, clearly that's the reason we leave it in.
Mark R. Belgya: Hey, Farha, this is Mark Belgya. I think the expectation of those three, those are three big areas that we would continue to invest and expect to grow. Now will they be as additive as they were this year? That'll be determined. We're also, as normal courses, going to continue to introduce new products. And then I think the other one I would add to that list is Milk-Bone, just through the innovation and Barry's comments around the strength of snack and how important that is to us.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah, that would be about right. I think you're probably using roughly $100 million for the synergy number which is about, I don't know, $0.55, $0.60 probably. That sounds about right. Rob, the only other thing I would add is right now where we're at in our planning process and our synergy recognition, we feel comfortable with $100 million incremental for 2017. But I think just on the base business, from a cost and budgeting spend, again while we've not done some of the aggressive things that some of our peers have done, we're still putting just pressure on budget management just through normal course. So whether you call those synergies or not, I think that recognizing what you just suggested in terms of base growth, we just got to continue to try to push costs from a budget perspective. So we're in the throes of doing that now, and hopefully that'll contribute as well for 2017.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, this is Mark Belgya. I think it is pretty consistent with what we said last week at CAGNY. I don't see any significant change. So if you just think of it in terms of round numbers of about $1 billion in free cash flow, about a quarter of that is going to go to dividends. We're going to target about $400 million to $500 million in debt repayment, and then embedded in that $1 billion of free cash flow is about, call it, $250 million of CapEx. So I think we'll see that. The only other thing we would bring into that, as we mentioned earlier, is just where share repurchases would fall into that. Now that may cause us to borrow a bit to do such, but I think generally speaking, I would just hold to our cash deployment model we've talked about, really, since the acquisition was announced a year ago.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. So, Bryan, we'll get into this in a little bit more in our fourth quarter earnings call, but in terms of the milk, that's probably, I'd say, a $0.10 to $0.15 impact of contribution. Again, just so everyone is clear, that's the milk contribution we're losing. It has nothing to do with the gain of $0.14 we recognized, but roughly that. FX, we're still kind of working through that, but that's going to still be a pretty significant impact. I mean, we're thinking that's well over $20 million next year. If you look at what the exchange rate has done, even if you sort of averaged in this year, it's fallen well below $0.70 for a while. So I would guess it's at least $20 million, probably even north of that.
Mark R. Belgya: So to the latter point, I don't think there's any significant changes in the growth rate assumptions that we laid out by the business units that ultimately got us to the 4% to 5% overall company rate. I think we spend probably enough time thinking about how we think we're going to deliver those, so our expectations by that time period, we'll figure the dry dog out and we'll be where we are. In terms of the dollar investment and, guys, jump in here, but we would continue to invest as we were. I think it was said earlier on our call, our marketing spend, while it's up significantly, it, quite candidly, is returning to more historical levels. So we don't see that, at least year-over-year, as another significant incremental jump in marketing as we would consider this a pretty good run rate. So I don't think you've got to be too concerned about that being a big headwind going into it. And again, we are kind of moving through our planning process for 2017, but the expectations is for all the things you've heard today, where we're trying to build a business, we would expect to see some benefits out of that and trying to hit sort of our normal growth rate for those business units.
Mark R. Belgya: Rob, this is Mark Belgya. I guess, maybe one thing that I would point to that and actually, I think, ties into a question – I can't recall who asked it earlier and a little bit to the question that was just asked in terms of growth rates by business units. But one thing I would say that we have done is our portfolio, just number of brands have expanded. We continue to think about what roles our brands play. So where in the past, I don't want to say this is not a categorical statement that everything was expected to grow evenly, but I do think we are setting different expectations on the brands, as is somewhat indicated by the growth rates that we've put for the four business units. So I think that will just continue, the maturation of how we look at businesses. And if it makes sense over time, if there are brands that fall out of favor, I think through that process, it'll surface. But I agree with Richard. I think we feel pretty good about what we have. We have some areas to work on. But for now, they're fairly positive cash generating businesses that would be a little tough to, quite honestly, would fill the dilution if we sold them.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. John, this is, obviously, Mark. Right now – and again, it goes a little bit back to some of the conversations we had. Right now, we're in investment mode. So when some of the products that Mark mentioned, under the Pillsbury and the Smucker's brand, we're clearly – whether it's spending with the trade or the intro in terms of the advertising, those are negatively affecting both the top line and profitability. But if you think of commentary we've said in the past, we expect over time for our innovation to be mix positive. We're looking for bigger rings in bigger margin items. So once we get through that first couple years of intro period, we would expect that the comparable products would be adding margin greater than the more traditional ones. For example, cake, we expect our simple ingredient products to be more profitable over time.
David J. West: Yeah, this is Dave West. Let me take that question. We did see a heightening competitive activity in the marketplace in the quarter in the form of price side and weight changes in bonus bags. We have corn and soybean meal continue to be trading at relative lows. And what we have seen is that some of that favorability and commodity was reinvested in the marketplace. I think on a year-to-date basis, we would – our gross margins in the mainstream pet food business are actually up. So not all of the commodity favorability has been passed through from our perspective. And we're using – part of our goal on the way in when we set our plans for this fiscal would've been prior to the acquisition of Big Heart by JMS. So we executed those plans. You will see us become a bit more aggressive now as we come in to the latter part of the year and the early part of next year to respond to some of the bonus bag activity now they're relative price and size. But I think overall, it was a little bit more – it was more down than we would have expected it to be, but the margin structure of the business is still pretty good, and there's a – fundamentally, there's a consumer who is going to continue to look at value in the marketplace, but there are other consumers who are looking for other benefits and we will go meet those other benefits in a different way. It won't be a price lever. So I think Barry's point was we see other segments emerging. We're very pleased with our premium dog food business in this pet specialty channel and then the independent pet channels, but we are not happy where we are en masse.
David J. West: Natural Balance, David – this is Dave West. Natural Balance was up double digits in the quarter. We have the Nature's Recipe brand, which is more of a gateway brand in pet specialty as people cross over from mass. That brand was not up as much so that goes into that premium measurement that we give you. So I think overall we're very happy with where we are in the Natural Balance expansion with the PetSmart. We continue to be pleased across the channel and across the two major pet specialty retailers, but also with distribution gains that we're getting in other independent and other parts of the channel. So pleased with where we are. As we go forward, we haven't given a projection with respect to growth on a forward basis, and I would not want to do that, since my competitors out there probably aren't going to give me their growth projections either, so I think I'll pass.
David J. West: Yeah, I think one of the things that you have to understand is the measurement of how incremental truly is that distribution. So is that incremental to the retailers as we expand? Is it incremental to the category? What are the cannibalization rates? So we had an assumption on the way in of what that business would be. Again, Natural Balance is not the only brand in that measurement when we talk about premiums. So we have other businesses that are sold in the premium intended channels, and they are not growing as rapidly. So I'm pleased with where we are with Natural Balance. I think we've done a very good job of expanding the footprint this year. We have our first national ad campaign on the business. We've launched into a higher protein offering in the brand and we've gotten good shelf space in the major retailer PetSmart, and kept our relationships with Petco and the independents at the same time. So I think we're in good shape. We've got double digit growth on the brand and I'm not going to apologize for double digit growth. I think that's pretty good and it's kind of within the range of acceptable for us right now.
David J. West: Again, I'm not trying to be difficult, but I'm not going to answer the question because you can't assume that the entire set of distribution is 100% incremental. The hope would be that any time you add distribution, it's 100% incremental but that's just not the reality of it. There's always cannibalization and consumers are going to find their way as they see distribution in new places. So I'm not going to get into disclosing the incrementality or the switching behavior of consumers. That's something that we are measuring where we have new distribution and it's also something that we are tracking very, very closely and the rest of the channel where we have had distribution for a long period of time. I mean, those are conversations that we'll have with all of the retailers in the channel and make sure we're supporting the brand the right way. And like we said, we're happy with where we are. And you build distribution, you build awareness and you see with how consumers are trying and are they new to the category, are they new to the retailer. Those are things that we're measuring on a weekly basis. But like I said, I'm happy with where we are, but I don't think I'd give out any more information than that.
David J. West: On cat food, I think what we've seen is just that there's some shipment timing with respect to promotions and new item activity that was in year ago. We look at our market share, and on our market share in dry cat food particularly, it's as solid as it's been. And so I think you're going to have noise up and down with respect to shipment timing. But I think I feel pretty good about the Meow Mix business particularly, and where we're headed next year with respect to innovation.
David J. West: I think Richard mentioned it, and I think it's a good thing to always pause and think about how quickly can you turn a business where you've planned with long lead customers for nine to 12 months out, and particularly in a business that tends to be everyday low priced and not a high/low business. So it's much more base than it is promotion. It's much more difficult to move those types of businesses. And the dry dog food business in the mass channel is a business that is much more EVLT and planned with some big long lead customers. So we are looking at all levers. So we're looking at pricing, we're looking at product packaging and we're looking at other opportunities to innovate in the business, not just in the Kibbles 'n Bits brands but across our entire mass dog food business. So we're looking at all the levers. I think in the short term, the "easiest" lever to pull is always price and promotion. It's not generally the smartest one to pull because when you talk about poor trade spend and poor ROI, the trade spend that's deployed on a short-term basis generally doesn't have great ROI because you don't get the kind of merchandising or lift forward that you would expect. So I think we've looked at all of those things. As I mentioned, from a profitability standpoint, when we had our investor day, the areas of focus for growth for the pet business were around pet snacks, dog snacks and cat snacks, around the premium business and particularly Natural Balance and the expansion of Natural Balance. And then also focused on our cat business, our Meow Mix business, which is our largest brand in the pet portfolio, and innovation that we have coming on that brand next year. So the role of the dry dog food business in mass has not been one of growth. It has been one of profit maintenance, and that's the role we've taken with it. Our margins are up for the year. Our gross margins are up. That's the role of the portfolio. As Barry said, we've looked at what we are doing. I don't want to get into specifics. I don't think I want to be forecasting or projecting into the marketplace what I'm going to do, but we are looking at all levers and you will see some changes in terms of how we're going to market across the portfolio. But as I said, we're disappointed with those kind of results. But overall, when I look strategically across the three growth levers that we talked about when we had our investor day back in October, we're hitting on those three levers and this was not going to be a huge area of focus for growth for us. Unfortunately right now it's down significantly, and we will take the steps that we need to fix it.
David J. West: We're tracking our velocity on a weekly basis. We are also doing consumer research to track trial and repeaters. So we're tracking what you would expect in any normal launch. We're looking at source of volume. We're looking at incrementality and incrementality to the category, incrementality to the brands. So we're looking at all of those things and we evaluate it weekly. I'm not going to get into the specific numbers with you. We're pleased with where we are. Petco and PetSmart and the pet specialty channel, in general, has been a little slower this year overall, and that's obviously affected not only probably our business but the category growth rates in general. But as I said, I'm pleased with where we are with the business. We've gotten the kind of launch support that we needed, and we've also been able to continue to get support from the retailers who we've had distribution with for a long time. So pleased with it overall. When you see market share, it's not all inclusive. We have better visibility into it. But as stated, I'm not prepared to share.
David J. West: Let me take a kick at that one. This is Dave West. I'll start on pet because we are up significantly year-on-year, particularly in the third quarter when you look at our segment profit in the third quarter. We're supporting the Milk-Bone brand, we're supporting Meow Mix, Irresistibles cat snacks and we're also support the Natural Balance brand as we expanded our distribution footprint. I think those three initiatives are really against trial and awareness and building. So the ROI on them initially is tough to measure because you're trying to get to trial and repeat. So I'm not sure that the economic effectiveness of measuring it in the first quarter at the end of the first six months that it's in. The same is going to be true on Dunkin' K-Cups and Jif peanut butter bars and a number of the other things where we're going to advertise new items. It's part of launching a new item in a quality way is that you try to stack your marketing so that you get merchandising, as well as an attractive price point plus consumer awareness. So a lot of the marking that you're seeing from us is geared towards that across the portfolio. And then the other area where I think it's more difficult for the industry, in general, to measure is in investment in digital. And we're trying to make sure that we invest in first party data and first party relationships with consumers. We want to reach them wherever they are and we want to make sure that we're on their path to purchase. So whether it's pre-shop or in-store as they're making decisions, we are focused on building a digital network and a digital ecosystem that reaches them there. So there's some infrastructure building there as well. Overall, I think we continue to look at our ROIs and I think we'll fine tune them as we go along. But I think it's the right thing to do with the brand that we have to support them in the way we're supporting them.
David J. West: Yes. Actually, I think if you look at in the Big Heart business, that number we presented should actually be higher. We've done some innovation around the Milk-Bone brand, the Milk-Bone Brushing Chews, the Milo's Kitchen brand, and some innovation that we did in the Natural Meat snack segment. We've done some things with the Meow Mix brand. So pet has had more innovation, historically. And then in Pet Specialty there's a natural amount of innovation that just occurs every year. And I think it's almost an expectation for entry (79:23) to compete in the category, so Pet is probably a little bit higher than that on average.
