Richard K. Smucker: Thank you, Sonal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to have delivered another record quarter in earnings per share. This is a result of our commitment to our long-term strategy, the strength of our brands and the passion of our employees. Let me begin with a few key highlights for the quarter. First, non-GAAP earnings per share increased 5% to $1.52, with lower interest expense and a lower share count benefiting our year-over-year growth. While second quarter EPS slightly trailed our expectations by 1%, we remain pleased with the company's performance through the first half of the fiscal year, particularly in light of the strategic decisions to exit parts of our business, combined with the uncertain macro environment. As we look ahead to the balance of fiscal 2014, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on the earnings guidance that Mark will share with you in a few moments. Second, solid volume results were achieved across much of our business, including Folgers and Dunkin' Donuts coffee, Smucker's Fruit Spreads, Jif peanut butter and Crisco oils. While up in most of our key categories, volume continued to be impacted by the planned product rationalization in our International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment. This, combined with pricing actions taken over the past year, continued to result in expected deflation on the top line. Third, segment profit growth in the U.S. retail segment was closely in line with our expectations, reflecting our previous commentary that the coffee segment profit growth would be front half-loaded, with consumer foods expecting to see strong segment profit growth in the back half. Segment profit for International, Foodservice and Natural Foods was down in the second quarter, primarily reflecting our planned rationalizations. As the impact of these activities begins to decelerate, profit growth in this segment is also expected to be positive in the back half. In addition, some unplanned manufacturing expenses did impact the quarter's results, as Vince will discuss. Lastly, our brand investments remain strong. Marketing will continue to ramp up as we kick off activities in support of our sponsorship of the 2014 Winter Olympics. In addition, we remain on track to launch 100 new products this fiscal year. Let me now take a moment to share a more macro look at the economy and how it's affecting our industry. The U.S. consumer has demonstrated extraordinary resilience over the past 12 to 18 months. The news regarding the fiscal cliff, sequester, debt ceiling and health care has taken a toll on consumer confidence, causing shoppers to take pause before spending. However, for the latest 12-week scan period, which included the government shutdown, total U.S. edible dollars and volume were up slightly compared to the prior year. We remain focused on our strategy of providing value to our consumers across our portfolio and ensuring our products can be found in all the channels that consumers shop and at a fair price. As we enter the back half of our fiscal year, we are in the midst of the important fall bake and holiday period. We are encouraged by the activities to date and continue to be optimistic for a solid conclusion to the holiday season and delivering a strong third quarter of profitable growth. This conviction is supported by several key factors, including the quality marketing and merchandising programs in place across our brands and categories, the ongoing contributions of our strategic growth drivers of innovations and acquisitions and the continued favorable impact in overall commodity cost, which supports our ability to execute on our pricing and promotional strategies. Let me now take a moment to speak to the FDA's recent announcement related to partially hydrogenated oils or PHOs. For the past several years, the food industry in general, and our company specifically, have been responding to changes in consumer preference in this area. We have been actively working toward transitioning PHOs out of the limited number of our categories where the ingredient is still used and anticipate that these will be reformulated prior to the FDA implementing any new rules. As such, we do not anticipate the FDA's recent announcement will impact our business. So in summary, we believe our first half performance, combined with our plans for the back half of the fiscal year, have positioned us to deliver another record year of earnings growth. As always, we want to recognize the dedication of our talented employees, and we thank them for their continued efforts. With that, I'll turn the call over to Vince for an update on our business segments.
Richard K. Smucker: Couple things. This is Richard. Just to let you know, we're looking very closely, we always do, at working capital. And we're going to continue to make sure that it's the right levels. And so we have a number of initiatives to make sure we keep that at the -- where we want it to be. So as we go forward, I think we're going to be scrubbing that a little harder.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, this is Richard. A couple of things. We have -- if you look at our core categories, we're actually up in tonnage. But the biggest impact on our top line is just the deflation that we've taken this past year. And so we are taking down 1 percentage point from what we originally said last time. But most -- majority of that is the deflation, and where we stand in pricing and promotions, as opposed to our business, is very solid.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, this is Richard. And you're right, we have -- we continue to have an appetite. As you know, acquisitions are lumpy. We have a number of brands out there that we'd be very interested in. We've made a number of contacts, which we have all the time, kind of keep our lines in the water. But none of those have hit, except for Enray in the last quarter. But that was actually a very nice acquisition. It's an enabling acquisition, and it's actually doing very well for us. But I think as we go forward, you're going to see, especially at interest rates this low, more acquisition activity and probably higher prices. So we want to make sure that we are doing the right acquisitions at the right price. So there have been a few that we've walked away from because the prices have been too high. And we think a great brand at a bad price is still a bad acquisition. So we're going to continue to be in the market out there. And I think in the next, hopefully, 18 months or so, we'll have something else in our portfolio.
Richard K. Smucker: We're also seeing -- this is Richard again. We're also seeing, Chuck, that there's a group of consumers out there that are willing to buy the premium gourmet products. And this is the split between kind of the haves and the have-nots. And so higher price products continue to do well and specialty products continue to do well and then the value products continue to do well, and we participate in both and want to have the right price points for all those levels of consumers. So we're seeing growth in both those -- both categories.
Richard K. Smucker: No, that was our last question. So thank you, all, for joining us today, and we look forward to delivering our results for the year. Appreciate it.
Steven T. Oakland: Sure. Farha, Steve Oakland. We did start off great and it's interesting, because this year, our Canadian Thanksgiving shipped mostly at the end of our first quarter, and then our Christmas shipments in Canada are going to ship early here in our third quarter. So a couple of key events with Canada's largest retailer on our canned milk business and our Robin Hood Flour business are all set and ready to ship here in the third quarter. So we think shares, and quite frankly sell through, for Canadian fall bake had been great. They just sort of jumped over the second quarter. They hit the first quarter, and they're heading now in the third quarter.
Steven T. Oakland: Alexia, Steve. Actually, I think we'll see some in the third quarter. Much of what we saw, both the Uncrustable startup, if you look back at last year, we had a huge Uncrustable quarter in the second quarter last year. So the seasonal nature of that, the fact that we announced it to our customers in the third quarter, that business started to drop off. So we've got a much bigger hump to climb on -- or a much smaller, excuse me, hill to climb on the Uncrustable in the quarter. We've got the results from both the Orrville startup, which quite frankly hit us in the early part of the second quarter, the operating rates, and the end of the quarter and early in this quarter look great. So we feel like our foodservice business will bounce back in the third quarter, actually.
Steven T. Oakland: This is Steve Oakland. Let me comment on the mix of the business today, first of all. First of all, the jewel in that business was its liquid concentrate coffee business, right, under the Douwe Egberts brand. And that business, where -- what I'm pleased to say is, is up year-to-date in volume. Obviously, the net sales are down a little bit because of the pricing dynamics we've talked about on coffee. But we feel that business is in great shape, and we have just, this summer, launched the Folgers brand. As you know, although Douwe Egberts, a well-recognized global brand, was not a well-recognized North American brand. So we brought Folgers liquid into the foodservice space. Quite frankly, and I think we talked about this a year or so ago, along with that business, we felt it was our really responsibility to our customer base to transition that private label business properly as Sara Lee went away. And so yes, that's taken us longer. The largest customer, quite frankly, of that business is on a calendar year contract, which ends here in December. There was a dedicated sales force with that business that has been adjusted somewhat and has been reorganized into our core foodservice business, and those people will now be selling our core foodservice and branded items. That all happened in October, November. So we feel good about both the cost structure and the core business. We feel comfortable that we'll -- we worked our way through the private label transition. And then the margins from there, I guess I'll look to Mark as far as how we want to announce the timing of those.
Steven T. Oakland: Jon, I'll comment first and then maybe Paul can comment on our core businesses with gluten-free. Enray is a wonderful complement to the scale we have in natural foods. Our Knudsen and Santa Cruz Organic brands are some of the largest shelf stable businesses in the natural organic space, but they are mature categories. And so to bolt onto that team, a smaller but high-growth enabling business to allow us to do sort of what we've done in U.S. retail, which is become a center-of-the-store branded player of natural foods, much more so, we thought was a great opportunity. Much of that business today is quinoa, but they have a lineup of wonderful ancient grains, and they have a technology on sprouting those grains that we think is unique in North America. And many cultures, as well as many people, who shop in the natural food space, understand the benefits of sprouted grains and what you can do with those. So we think there's a lot of runway. It's a very immature product in its life cycle going from a very limited number of customers in the natural space to the broad natural sections across U.S. retail. So we think that our resources and our footprint can take advantage of Enray's great product mix, broad product mix and take those across the retail space. So that's the exciting part. Now with regard to gluten-free in general, the Canadian business probably is the farthest ahead, and we've launched a number of Robin Hood products in the gluten-free area and they're doing really well. And then maybe I'll turn it over to Paul. But honestly, gluten-free is a trend in the United States. Enray will help us and enable that. But quite frankly, it's a business that's going to grow quickly in the natural food space.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Farha, Paul Wagstaff here. Just from the U.S. retail perspective on fall bake, we're actually optimistic on how things are going so far. Our pricing is better this year than it was last year. The oil business continues to do well. We're in one of our key retailers on the bake center, so we feel good about that. We have a lot of new items that we've launched in the baking side, and those seem to be going -- doing very well. So overall, we feel good about our merchandising in place for fall bake.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes, David, Paul Wagstaff here. And looking at the consumer foods area, as Vince mentioned, we did lean into a lot of -- into pricing on some of our key categories. So for example, we took pricing down on peanut butter back in January of last year. We leaned into that ahead of some of the commodity cost decline. We're just going to -- we're anticipating on peanuts. We did the same thing for fruit spreads, leaning into that. And then also, on oils, we've been more aggressive on the pricing and getting ahead of that commodity cost decline that we've seen overall. So we feel, as Vince mentioned, we're very well positioned where our pricing is today, and the commodity costs are getting back to the more normalized position relative where our cost is.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Not a whole lot, frankly. We see most of that staying within the second quarter. So there'll be some bleed over into the third quarter, but primarily, the second quarter is where we anticipate it.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Thilo, this is Paul Wagstaff. And on the PHO question, the FDA announcement, no, that's not going to have an impact on our R&D spending. We've been working on getting those -- that product, that ingredient out of our products for years now, and so it's really no impact to us.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes. John, this is Paul Wagstaff. No, from a peanut pricing perspective, again, as I mentioned earlier, we leaned into pricing, trying to get the price right on shelf, which we believe we have. It's the right thing to do. We feel comfortable where pricing is right now, and the results and the volume that we've seen, the growth we've seen on the Jif business is solid. And so going forward, we don't anticipate taking any more pricing action in the near term.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Well, Jonathan, Paul here again. I think peanut butter, from a long-term growth perspective, it's been pretty much in single-digit growth for a while now. It's low -- we grew 2% roughly. Again, keep in mind, we had a downsize of our 18 ounce to 16 ounce, so that impacted what you're seeing in some of the volume numbers, even though cases were up closer to 8%. But bottom line, we're also having a lot of new products enter the category from our perspective, and I think those are doing well. So we should see some continued growth on the peanut butter category, and we feel comfortable with the growth level that we've seen so far.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes. I might just add, and this is kind of tangent to what Vince said. But we've had probably more deflation in our company than a number of other food companies because our 2 largest categories, coffee and peanut butter, had huge declines in the commodity costs, which we reflected. And so maybe some other food companies haven't had as many of their commodity costs come down. It shows up more in our top line than it might in other companies, but I think we've protected it on the bottom line.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: John, this is Paul. And just to add onto what Steve said, clearly, the gluten-free trend is continuing to grow, and we are -- we've been watching it very closely and we've been -- our R&D team has been focused on how do we come out with new items that are gluten-free. So I would expect you would see some Pillsbury products and some of our other brands to have gluten-free items or offerings in the near term.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Sure, John. Paul here again. And Uncrustables, you're right, grew about 25%, and it's kind of 2 parts. First is we did have some distribution gains that -- they are contributing to the high number -- high sales growth number, but that product continues to do well. And over the previous year, we just haven't had the capacity to really push out on that business in the retail side. And with the exiting of the school business, as well as the new bakery that we -- that Steve's team put in the Scottsville facility, we're now in the position to be able to really push that product going forward. So will we see 25% growth rate? I'm not sure about that, but we'll definitely see likely double-digit growth going forward.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: John, this is Paul again here. A couple things in jam and jelly. First off, when you look at our what we call our strawberry and varieties or our core traditional business, we actually grew that around 4% this year. We were up 5% on our traditional business and our squeezed fruit spread business was up 7%. So some of the core business in what we call our jam jelly or JJP category, actually, has done pretty well. A couple of the areas that we're struggling with or down a little bit further, one is on grape jelly, which is an area that we really don't focus on as much because it's a no-profit business for us or a low-margin business. And so we always try to monitor and make sure we get enough of that, but not too much, so to speak. The other area that we're struggling a little bit with is the better-for-you category, so that would be our sugar-free, our low sugar and our Simply Fruit businesses, and that has struggled here for, I'd say, the last year or 2, couple years. And we're working on trying to bring some new news to that category and hopefully, with the Olympics, we think that's one area that's going to bring some new news to the total Smucker jam jelly category. But we also launched a new product in our Smucker's Natural that has -- we've seen some nice growth with, and that's a new product, so we're going to hopefully see that continue to pick up some share growth and continue to contribute to the category. So overall, we feel like we have some good momentum on fruit spreads and we'd hope to see that continue.
Mark T. Smucker: Farha, this is Mark Smucker. I'll chime in. Basically, I think we feel very good. Again, it comes back to the merchandising activities and the price points that we've got in place through the fall period. And I think we're very well positioned and our share results are decent. And so I think even looking at some of the shorter periods, we're feeling very good about the next couple months.
Mark T. Smucker: Farha, this is Mark Smucker again. I guess I'll frame it in. I think you said it very well yourself. As we've looked and we've talked about this the last couple quarters, the green coffee costs have come down reasonably significantly, but also gradually. And so as a result, rather than waiting for some of the costs to cross what we would consider our key thresholds to take a meaningful, more broad list price decline, we have chosen in the sphere of transparency to invest in promotional spending to get to those key price points through this period. And normally, I -- we wouldn't comment on any of our future pricing actions. But I think that, as we've said, we're very well positioned where we are today.
Mark T. Smucker: Okay. Robert, this is Mark Smucker. Thanks for the question. First of all, let me just comment on the dynamic of the current environment in the category, which is that, as you know, many unlicensed participants have impacted the share of all of the licensed participants in the category. And a lot of that is generated by just the trials that the consumer is looking at new products, that there is some pipeline fill of some of those unlicensed brands getting new distribution. And so we are not surprised by that dynamic, but I guess we were -- obviously, our results were below where we would expect them to be. Going forward, we do still highly value the relationship with Green Mountain. And any new innovations that they would bear to market, we would participate in, and that would be our assumption. So whether it's any new machine or whatever it is that they're thinking about, we would be confident that we would be participating in that. And then, further, I think we're not going to get back to probably the growth levels that we had seen. Even this quarter, if you recall, our prior year comp was almost double. And so we are coming off of a very big comp. But as you look forward, the combination of our brand support, the strength of our Folgers brand, the fact that we're launching 3 new items, our participation in these new channels, including an imminent Millstone brand relaunch, all of those things, coupled with the collaboration and participation in Green Mountain system, I think gives us confidence that we're going to continue to lead in the category.
Mark T. Smucker: Alexia, this is Mark Smucker again. Thanks, again, for the question. Actually, we're feeling very good as well about our roast and ground business. In the mainstream segment, really, the areas that have – you've seen some of the declines both in private label and in our opening price point offerings, which is driving, of course, consumers back to the core branded business. Our share trends x K-Cup are actually pretty solid. And although, in the period, we didn't grow quite as much of the category, we were up over the prior quarter, so the Q1 numbers and the very short 4-week period gives us some hope as well that our pricing and merchandising strategies are right. So I think it is a competitive segment. We feel we're very well positioned. And then on the premium side, I think it's just as good, if not better of a story. Just on Dunkin', we're up 11% on Dunkin'. And so that, again, validates our merchandising and pricing strategy. It's a noisy space right now, but we feel confident in the number of brands we have and the different tiers that we're doing very well and will continue to.
Mark T. Smucker: And Jonathan, this is Mark Smucker, just on coffee. I think you need to separate K-Cups just for a minute and think about the core category. I think, generally speaking, there is a little bit of stimulation in the -- just in volume because of the pricing being more in line with some of the historical, as well as the fact that because the costs have moderated gradually, competition is more or less on a level playing field, we believe, and that creates healthy competition and growth.
Mark T. Smucker: Sure, Ken. It's Mark Smucker. It is true. Let me start with the -- your latter comment first. It is true that coffee production costs in several countries are below. I would say that's maybe not true across the board, but that is the case. And then you may have seen, there have been -- some governments have actually provided some support for farmers. Obviously, we continue to work on our sustainability initiatives as well, a few of which definitely helped some of the farmers in some targeted areas. So I think that is true. As to whether the coffee is at its low point, I think our view is that it is probably relatively close. And having said that, there are -- there's a lot of coffee out there. Just fundamentally, there's just a lot of arabica in the market. There's a reasonable amount of robustas out there. And so we would -- our view would be that, relatively, in this range, within a $0.20 range or so, we're going to probably remain for some time.
Mark T. Smucker: Okay, Akshay. Mark Smucker here. Thanks for the question. So let me start with your second question first, which is around share. You're absolutely right. We mentioned that earlier. We do have data that supports repeat rates on licensed brands being above those of the unlicensed. We do believe there will be a settling out. So what I mean by that is the shelf space is -- it depends on the customer or the region. There are some customers that probably have much less shelf space allocated and there's a few customers that have actually acknowledged that they have gone maybe too far and have actually allocated too much shelf space. So I can't answer how much shelf space is right generally because every store is a different size and so forth. But I think you are seeing customers continuing to experiment with that set, as well as consumers continuing to experiment with the new brands out there. So I believe -- we believe that as we go forward, there will be some settling out, and we do believe that our share, although we may not get a share that is equivalent to a roast and ground share, we do believe that over the next year or 2, with this settling out and the strength of our brands, some of the things that I spoke about earlier, that we will be able to maintain and even come back to some share growth. But right now, there's just so much noise in the category that we think that we have to sort of weather through this key period and we'll see what happens in the springtime. And then finally, on pricing, the unlicensed folks have come in, generally speaking, where we expected them to, and the price gaps that we are seeing in the marketplace are equal to or better than what we're seeing in the roast and ground space. So again, still feeling optimistic about the category.
Mark T. Smucker: Well, I think that, quite frankly, we did expect a very large influx of unlicensed folks. I don't think that was surprising to us. I think maybe what we underestimated a little bit was the amount of noise and trial generation that exists in the marketplace. I think the retailer, quite frankly, is still learning as well. I don't -- I think I sort of already spoke to that, but I think I really couldn't add anything to that other than it's a period of trial and we're all learning.
Mark T. Smucker: David, this is Mark Smucker. Quite frankly, we don't look at the K-Cup category in the tiers yet because they're not clearly enough defined in order to do that. They're developing, so I guess I should say that to lead off. And then just with Millstone, we think that it is possible to reposition that brand as a more premium. So if there is an upper tier in roast and ground, we think that's where Millstone plays. I do think it remains to be seen how the tiers in the K-Cup category separate out. And we can't even slice share in that -- in those segments yet.
Vincent C. Byrd: David, this is Vince Byrd. The comment specifically is if you go back a couple years ago when our commodity costs were rising, I think, at that time, we were reaching price points that were probably beyond some consumers' reach, as well as our gaps were growing significantly. And again, about a little over 1.5 years ago, we really tried to work on closing those gaps, leaning into pricing and make sure we're doing a better job of managing those and hence, why we believe our U.S. retail branded volume was up 2% for the quarter and basically, year-to-date. And so it is all about managing and passing on those costs so that we can reach those consumers where maybe they had not been able to afford some of our product offerings in the past. And then I think Paul has already spoken to, but he can speak to a number of his categories.
Vincent C. Byrd: And just before we go to the next question, this is Vince Byrd, I think we need to try to clarify David's question relative to any potential shift between the second, third quarter as it relates to the holidays. As we all know, there's one less week between Thanksgiving and Christmas this year. But to Paul's point, there was not a significant shift in our products between the second and what we anticipate for the third quarter because a lot of those merchandising programs were basically set or pulled in by the retailer, sort of consistent with last year. So not a significant shift between our shipments this year compared to the prior year. Thank you.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes. Chris, this is Vince. And although we have seen that historically, we did not see that occur in this particular quarter.
Vincent C. Byrd: And this is Vince, and maybe one other data point that might help you think about the elasticities. But as we go back to those price gaps that we referred to earlier, if you look over the latest share of market report, basically, private label is actually down in 7 of the 9 categories that we participate. So again, an indication that those gaps and those elasticities are working, in this case, in our favor as the brand leader.
Vincent C. Byrd: Chuck, this is Vince. I'll start and look to the team to provide color. But I think if you -- a very good example is when we had the run up of coffee costs 2 years ago, when arabica topped off at over $3, we saw a significant shift in our roast and ground business from the core holders to what we would call our opening price points. So again, that was a shift to a lower-cost offering for our consumer. At that time, we're asking our consumers to pay over $14 for a can of Folgers, where the OPP might have been, say 75% or 50% of that. Today, with the decline in the pricing that Mark spoke to earlier, we're able to get those core prices back down and consumers can now, I'll say, trade back up to or get back to where they were previously to some of the core Red Can, and our OPP, for example, would be down right now compared to where it was 2 years ago. So I think that's a great example of where the consumer has responded to our offerings. The good news is, we have offerings in all those spaces for them to make their choices. So with that, I don't know if -- I'll look to the team to see if they have any more additional to add. But again, I think, I will say one other thing on peanut butter. We were actually very pleased that the overall category, where the volume remained 2 years ago when we had the run-up of the peanut costs, and that -- we would suggest that, that was resilient at that point. So now that we have some of the price declines that Paul spoke to, we feel very good that the category is going to continue to grow in the future.
Vincent C. Byrd: This is Vince. Well, sure, I mean, all of our new products -- so we're not necessarily trying to trade them up. In some cases, we may be trying to give them an offering that fills the void that we may not have within the marketplace, so we look at all ends of the spectrum. But I think back to your original question, Chuck, about why we feel going forward, if you look at where we grew some of our core items, where we didn't grow were very conscious decisions about managing the bottom line like on a promotional strategy around our cake, or we just chose not to meet a very competitive pricing, such as flour, during the period. So the teams are clearly focused on driving the volume and managing our price point and promotional strategy is the key to that.
Vincent C. Byrd: David, this is Vince. The answer is we continue to have dialogue with Dunkin', but there's nothing to report.
Mark R. Belgya: It's Mark Belgya. Understand the question. I think there's a couple things. In terms of the cash flow for the year, free cash flow for the year, we're still staying with our $600 million. And at the beginning of the year, we explained that, that was down from last year and that was due to an increase in our CapEx spending. Specific to the commodities, what we saw last year in the second quarter is we were facing a situation with our coffee canisters supplier, where we actually were running very thin on finished good inventories and actually, were also running a little thinner that we'd like on peanut butter. So we saw this big benefit in the second quarter of inventories being below what we would say our normal run rate levels. So we're back to where we would -- or are much more comfortable from a service level. And so some of what you have seen in the cost savings side, if you will, coming from lower commodity costs, have been offset in the volume side as we've rebuilt these inventories. But the big picture, I think, is, is that we're still holding to the free cash flow amount of $600 million. We're still holding to our target that we put out for 2017 of $850 million. And I think, as we might have commented on the last quarter, last 2 calls, we still think there's some opportunity to pick up in working capital, and we'll continue to work on that on a go-forward basis.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. Chris, this is Mark. In terms of the 250 basis points, that still is a good number or growth rate to consider. I guess I would just point out in the spirit of transparency, it is a combination of the sales going up -- down 2% versus the 1%, so a lower top line number, and then somewhat an offsetting profit number. But the overall gross profit margin growth is 250 basis points. In terms of the cost, there's nothing significantly different. I mean, I think as Mark mentioned earlier, the commodity costs in coffee have gradually come down. And then in peanuts, where we're obviously realizing the lower costs. So between the Q3 and the Q4, costs alone aren't having a significant impact one versus the other quarter. But that said, and just to reiterate one of the scripted comments is our third quarter will be the driver of the last 2 quarters.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, this is Mark Belgya. Again, I think we might have mentioned it earlier, but we're going to come in probably mid to upper single digits on the marketing for the year, which obviously will put a significant amount in the second half, but we're going to be just a little bit lower. But we're really pleased, in particular, around our Olympic spend to date and the advertising and marketing activities associated with that. So even though we're going to be down probably a couple of percentage points from the 10%, we still feel very good about the marketing support across all lines of business.
Mark R. Belgya: This is Mark Belgya again. And just, I guess, specific to the company then, of course, we've taken down our K-Cups some, so that's affecting us and sort of setting the resiliency of the consumer side.
Mark R. Belgya: Sure, Jason. This is Mark Belgya. Well, I think as we are consistently around buybacks, would say a couple things. One is, we sort of target roughly a couple percentage points a year, which is roughly 2 million shares. We bought back 1.5 million in the first quarter. And quite candidly, our stock price hit an all-time record in the second quarter. So we do look at it, and then -- as it relates to the stock price. But I think certainly then, as we've put in our cash flow, we've spent over $100 million in our acquisitions of Enray and Silocaf, so there were some specific cash needs as well during the quarter.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, Ken, it's Mark Belgya. We did say that it's about $0.04, and that would be manufacturing-related, overhead absorption-related activities at those facilities.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. Akshay, it's Mark. We continue to make progress, as Steve suggested. I mean, we lost some profit quite candidly through the exit of some of these business. I think initially, it was viewed as pretty much a 0 margin business on the private label. But as we've talked, there was some interconnectivity with some of the other products. Obviously, there's some overhead that's got hung up. So that's being drawn out. But I think the liquid business is good business. We will see that profit increase going forward. Clearly, as we roll out the Folgers brand, we'll see growth. So we'll probably be more specific of the timing as we move through the year into next fiscal, but it certainly is tracking more or less in line with where we expected originally.
