Mark R. Belgya: Good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us. On the call from the company are Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and co-CEO, and Mark Smucker, President of Special Markets, who are joining us remotely and with me this morning in Orrville are Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and co-CEO, Vince Byrd President of our Coffee business, Steve Oakland President of Smucker's, Jif and Hungry Jack and Paul Wagstaff, President of Oils and Baking. After this brief introduction, I will turn this call over to Richard for comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter, and Tim will provide an overview of our outlook and closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments we will be available to answer your questions. If you have not seen our press release, it is available on our website at smuckers.com. A replay of this call is available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, our Director of Investor Relations. I would like to remind that in both the prepared comments and the question and answer period that follows, we may make forward looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statements in the press release concerning such forward looking statements. I also want to point out that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release and on our website.  And finally, as you know the Folgers merger closed on November 6, 2008 and as a result this year's third quarter contains five additional days of operations from November 1 through November 5. I'll now turn the call over to Richard.
Mark R. Belgya: Eric, it's Mark. I'll start and I'll have Richard answer the second part of the question. The rules under the Reverse Morris trust do allow for repurchase. It's obviously sort of situational. The way that our agreement with Proctor is such that we are holding to the two-year window. Of course that's only eight months out basically. So I think we've commented before, we have a little under 4 million shares already authorized by the board. So if the situation is appropriate at that time, we could enter the market, I think I've commented in the past we were fairly active in the time leading up to the purchase of Folgers, so we certainly will reevaluate that, but not to expect to do anything from a repurchase until November.
Mark R. Belgya: Let me start, Farha, and then I'll turn it over to Paul and Steve. From a pure coffee perspective, the strategy that we implemented in our first quarter of reducing our trade spend and putting that into everyday price, I think we would deem as a success at this point and we clearly got some very good merchandising during the holiday bake period, but net-net we're very comfortable with where our pricing is.  The second comment that I would make though is that many of us just came off of a recent retail industry event, and clearly our customers are driving price points on leading brands that are not necessarily funded by manufacturers, and using them to increase the foot traffic and so they may be taking little or no margin on our brands. So I would just make that comment from a macro perspective and then I'll turn it to Paul and Steve.
Mark R. Belgya: Hi, Jane. It's Mark. It's a good question, and I think that what I would say and I think it would be reinforced by everybody in the room is that being in the game for the long term, we are going to take opportunities to reinvest to the brands. We've obviously this year had the luxury of profitability of coffee and the overall lower commodity costs to do that pretty significantly across all the business. But at some point our view is that commodity costs will tick back up and as a result we'll have to continuously look across the organization to find productivity gains and the like.  I know we say this sort of every time, but it is the way we operate is that our businesses, our presence, are all charged with identifying those opportunities and again, now that the Folgers' integration is basically complete and as we head into fiscal '11, that's what we're going to focus on. It doesn't mean that we're not going to look for acquisitions or do anything differently, but we can focus a little bit more attention on those areas and that can cross production, it can cross the administrative functions, and all the way across supply chain.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, I guess what I would say is just to your opening comment — I mean, clearly our margins are high in the industry, but we believe a lot of that comes from the acquisition strategy we've followed and the strength of the brands the interactions the brands play. Costs, we think, if you just kind of look across, are ticking up a bit so we will evaluate that and if necessary, take pricing actions to try to maintain that. But in the short term, and we'll have much more to say on this in June when we talk about FY11, but in the short term we're going to continue to try to guard the margins, but at the same time, for example in the K-Cups space we will invest as necessary.
Mark R. Belgya: No, it does not, because we actually only have the rights for the product in what we would consider to be our traditional grocery retail club mass channels, and not in the food service or office-home space.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. Maybe, Alex, just to kind of close the accounting loop on that then is that event where that loss of business, in our opinion it triggered what's called a potential indicator of impairment so we went through the accounting requirements and basically valued the business. And when we looked at the fair value of that trademark versus what it was on the books for, that's what caused the impairment charge. So right now we don't think there's anything based on the current business environment that would require us to take an additional charge, but that is how the accounting was taken care of.
Mark R. Belgya: Well again, I would not say that coffee promotional activity was up significantly in the third quarter. You have to take into account the pricing and promotional strategy that we implemented in the first of the year. There's a lot of noise going on because of price decreases primarily and then of course we increased Colombia earlier in the year, but net-net, our trade spend was not up during that period. And then as you dial that forward to the fourth quarter, it will not be as deep as it was last year because again we hadn't enacted what we call our pricing promotional strategy that we implemented in the first quarter, but I would say we got better quality merchandising during the third quarter than maybe was done last year.
Mark R. Belgya: That's a really good question and I really wouldn't offer a guess at this point. I think if you look at the growth that Green Mountain is public with, it's probably a good indication, but as you know it's just grown very, very significantly over the last several years, but it's currently a relatively small category when you compare it to the overall coffee category, particularly at traditional grocery or mass, but again, we believe that we can help fuel that growth and provide another avenue for the consumer.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. I think we just have to start somewhere and we chose to focus on our two gourmet brands of Folgers Gourmet Select and Millstone. Obviously we have a very, very solid relationship with our friends at Dunkin' Donuts and our business continues to flourish there, but our initial offerings are going to focus on our two brands.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. Well, I think first of all, last year in the fourth quarter, and I know it's something you guys are new to so that you might not be as familiar with this, but last year's fourth quarter was an extremely strong coffee quarter. The business overall did well, but coffee did extremely well. It was our first promotion around the Easter holiday and we just had a blowout quarter. So we expect it to be down.  I think probably if you just do the math which it sounds like you're doing on a 10%, it would be a volume decline, but probably incremental spending to get to that point would push it down to that, although that would not be our expectation. It would be negative 10.
Mark R. Belgya: That seems too high. We're at $3.30 for the year to date so it would be more in the mid-to-upper 70s.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. If we just talk what we would call non-GAAP earnings, we're at $3.30 through the first nine months and then the high end would be $0.77 to get to the $4.07.
Mark R. Belgya: No, they would not be the same. Clearly we're projecting to have a volume decline in the quarter. Again, part of it driven by the coffee, but no, we are seeing, as expected, a planned decline.
Mark R. Belgya: That's exactly right. And yeah, just to be clear, when I say down, down to last year's fourth quarter.
Mark R. Belgya: Generally we expect oils and baking will probably be down some, but I think otherwise we're expecting to be reasonably flat.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. Just to kind of frame things in and for what it's worth, it's that one of the comments we made, I believe it was in our lead in into the fiscal '10 of last June is we categorized our sales and we said that about 55%-60% of our sales for the total year would fall in the second and third quarters and then the remainder obviously in the first and fourth quarter. Based upon our projections that we have provided as part of our outlook, we're basically seeing that 55% of our sales are falling in those two quarters. So we're pretty much in line with what we expected from a dollar-sales perspective.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. Let me enforce a couple of things, and yes, we obviously did hear that comment. It was brought to our attention. I think in a macro sense you can say that period we had basically owned the business for still less than a year, but it's the ability for our sales and marketing team to leverage up the Folgers and Dunkin brands with our other iconic brands and as we said previously, it gives us the opportunity to maybe get on the front page of the ad or it might get us display activity that we might not have been able to historically. We're honestly a little perplexed as to the comment because when our team looked at the numbers, our quality merchandising was clearly up and our competitors' price points were not as low as they may have been last year, but for the most part they were slightly to significantly below our price points. And so we're not sure that we understand the comment. Now as I mentioned earlier, there were instances where we did not fund the pricing as our retailers chose to use Folgers or in the case they have used our competitors brand to drive foot traffic to their stores to make sure they're competitive within their respective marketplace. But net-net, we're very pleased that our promotion and pricing was executed within our guidelines and with very, very few exceptions, and we obviously will have learnings, but we feel we're in a good place and it is our objective to grow share long term.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, there's always opportunities. Probably the biggest one is that with the Dunkin' brand we have less than a third of skews of the main competitor and yet we have the number one and three of the top five skews turning in there and so we believe there's opportunities for incremental shelvings or facing I should say, of particularly Dunkin', and also I would just add Black Silk which was referred to earlier was a major emphasis of ours. We think it's a great product. We've put some incremental marketing behind it and grew ATV of it as well.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. I would say we have typically paid 40% of our, I guess it would be our GAAP earnings over time. For the longest time there really wasn't a difference and I think that this is one of the discussion points we'll probably go through with the board because, as you suggested, the difference between sort of, particularly a GAAP number and something more that represents the free cash flow or earnings per share.  I think it's more likely than not though that it would be probably around our non-GAAP earnings per share. I mean that's what we report to the street, but it will be something that we'll take under advisement with the board.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. Well, as we all know, month to month there's going to be activity from all of us in the category. Probably the biggest news is, as I think you're all aware, they chose to follow us on our promotional pricing strategy that we implemented in the first quarter. So that was implemented or is being implemented in a January timeframe. If you look at a major customer, they're back on deal at a level that they were pre-holiday and so there's a cycle there and I would just again say that it's below our pricing promotional guideline points.  But any one month we can always point to each other and comment about who's on deal and who's not on deal, but we feel very comfortable where we are.
Mark R. Belgya: Well again, I think between Folgers Gourmet Select and our Millstone which is our premium coffees, we feel that it fits very, very nicely with the category. And again, what we're bringing to the party is not only the leading brand — you could debate whether a consumer distinguishes between Folgers and Folgers Gourmet Selection. We are bringing a leading brand to this category, the first national brand to be involved, and we're bringing a choice. We're bringing another opportunity for a consumer to be able to fulfil their needs and hopefully grow this category working with Green Mountain, and we believe that this is a segment that we need to participate in and feel very comfortable with where our initial efforts are.
Mark R. Belgya: You know, as I commented earlier, we'd really prefer not to get into those details at this point. I think that again, we're very excited about being able to enter the relationship and again, the initial effort will be against our two brands that we own, but we prefer not to get into the details of either agreement.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah, let me be clear. We will be marketing and selling the products, our products, in traditional grocery club mass channels. They will not be marketing our products in those channels. They will have the right to basically sell them online through their website, et cetera, but for the most part you need to think about it as we're the ones that will be marketing those brands, our brands.
Mark R. Belgya: Well first of all, I'm not sure that I would say that it's primarily a food-service opportunity, but again, our agreement does not contemplate the food service or office channel. We do not have those rights.
Mark R. Belgya: Eric, I think the purpose of that statement as we reinforce it over time is that that really is our strategic objective over a timeframe and although I understand the question and a natural tendency to want to just extend that to the next year, I think we really do want folks to focus on that. And then specific to FY11, I think we would just defer to June when we'll have much more details to go through from both a top line and earnings outlook.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. Eric, just to underscore Vince's comment, and I think we've tried to be clear on this, but when we talk about this favorable benefit of coffee, really across all the quarters, it is always to this price too. We have been talking about lower costs on some other raw materials and that's clearly period-over-period lower costs, but in midst of that we are being a little more specific to the benefit versus the price to position.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah, the natural category was up basically because we had seen several of our customers who had, as you know — the whole industry has been down and we saw that there was some lag in some of the off take in the first couple of quarters and essentially we just recovered a lot of the volume that we had seen go down the first couple of quarters. We do believe that that industry is going to continue to be challenged and so we will, from us strategically, we're looking at bolstering our core business, but also looking at how we might start to participate in some parallel categories.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. And the other thing I would comment there also is that as we look at that business, and it's hard to know because there isn't really good data in the industry, but our feeling is that the organic side of the business tends to be more consistently strong than say the natural side, if that makes sense. There seems to be a core sort of die-hard organic consumer that is true to that category and does not leave that category even though it is a higher-priced area.
Mark R. Belgya: Steve, you can jump in, but I think early on the whole category was down 20%. We tracked better than that.
Mark R. Belgya: There are actually. In all our notes there is a prepayment penalty and obviously based on the market condition that can be very sizable so we look at that very periodically, but yes, we do have that up there.
Mark R. Belgya: Well thank you very much for your attention today and great questions and again, thank our team for great results. So have a good day and we'll be talking to you probably later on today. Mark and (inaudible) as we try to take a number of questions so thanks so much.
Richard K. Smucker: And Eric, this is Richard. On your second question regarding dividends, as you know, our board reviews our dividends each quarter, but it's historically our fourth quarter of the year that we look at increasing those and that meeting's coming up in April.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. Well, I think it probably means all of those. We're always looking for more opportunities, but primarily I think it was the K-Cups in the short term, but we're also looking for new products and we've got a number of new products that are being launched and about to be launched, so that's what that meant, I guess I should say.
Richard K. Smucker: Yeah. This is Richard. Our business is still solid. There's not a change in how our consumers are buying or spending. Our business is still very solid, it's just the fact that last year's fourth quarter was abnormally strong so we don't see any change in the general economic conditions.
Richard K. Smucker: Eric, this is Richard. Acquisitions as you know are kind of lumpy. We obviously, as the way we describe it, we have our lines in the water all the time and we're just not exactly sure when the fish are going to hit, but we are — I think your second question is are we acquisition ready? I would say that it's been 12 months and looking around here everybody's finally catching their breath. So I think if we found the right thing we could do it now.
Richard K. Smucker: Yeah. You may look at it like when we first came out or first did Dunkin'. We had marketing programs behind Dunkin' when we came out with that and this is very similar to that.
Richard K. Smucker: We have to be careful there. Obviously our advertising, our brand scores — the brand-health measures of that business are as high as they've ever been so we feel great about our connection with the consumer right now, but we are the largest strawberry preserve producer in the world and we have to leverage that scale. We have to provide value to the consumer. To short term let that gap get too large and take that margin gain and allow consumers the opportunity to try private label, we just think it's the wrong decision. So we may give up some of those short-term margin opportunities and keep the pressure on, continue to give them value on an everyday basis with those items so we'll try to continue to leverage our scale, keep that gap close to where it is right now.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yeah. Sure, Eric. Let me back up. I think it's fair to say that we continue to get the question asked about how we think about the single cup space and I think our standard answer to date has been as a market leader in any product category, we'll (inaudible) in all segments. We also are a company that likes to dot the I's and dot the T's and we took time over the past 12 months or so to really evaluate the landscape, both domestic and internationally, and several months ago basically concluded that we believe that Green Mountain and Keurig was the right partnership for Smucker, and I think you all know through their public filings that they are the leader in home brewers. Their growth rates have been significant. I believe their public in the recent quarter that they sold about 650 million K-Cups and they have a very, very high consumer appeal. In terms of what we can bring to the party, we believe that leveraging our marketing, selling, distribution, and all of our brands will not only be good for Smucker, but more importantly will help grow the overall category and really provide a channel for consumer to purchase K-Cups because a significant amount of them are not purchasing what we would consider our traditional retail channels. And so long term we hope that it'll contribute to our strategic growth objectives. Given the fact that we will be launching later this fiscal year and clearly, Eric, we'll be investment spending in the brand, there will be a margin hit as with launching any new product, but long term I think it's fair to say that once the margins or the marketing normalizes that it will not be dilutive to the company.
Vincent C. Byrd: Hey, Ken. I don't know that we want to go into those details, but I think you'll probably know that they have their own system that's been in the marketplace for a number of years and maybe I'll just leave it at that.
Vincent C. Byrd: Well, your first comment is the most important one. It's risky looking at the data that you have available to us. I would not say that our skews are down significantly. We have clearly shifted some emphasis to within the category, but if you look at the O&D period over the last quarter, clearly the category's up, we grew share during that category in both our core Red Can and lead by Dunkin'. As you know, the challenged area that we have is Millstone so maybe that's being driven by Millstone, I'm not exactly sure. So overall we feel very good in where we're positioned right now, Ken.
Vincent C. Byrd: Well, I think what we're trying to comment on is if you say where we were priced to in our first and second quarters versus where green was at versus say our third and now going into our fourth quarter, clearly Arabica coffees have increased over that timeframe. And then also you have to keep in mind that we, as you look across all of our offerings, we use a combination of Arabica and Robustas and so in our case you can't just look at Arabica coffee. But as we look out, and based on our current positions, we know that our green coffee costs have increased versus where they rested in the fourth quarter of last year and the first half of this year.
Vincent C. Byrd: Well no, sure there is. We're going to support the product through promotional spending, marketing support, demonstrations, all kinds of things, John. So yeah, we will be investment spending in it.
Vincent C. Byrd: Well again, I think as I mentioned earlier, long term we do not believe it will be dilutive. I think on an initial basis it clearly will be an investment if you would just evaluate it as a segment, but that's like any new product when we launch it.
Vincent C. Byrd: And I think too, we'll look at it in the context of the overall marketing support for coffee. That is a sector of that that'll come into consideration as we look at the overall marketing spend next year.
Steven Oakland: Hi, Farha. Steve Oakland. I can comment about mix change in consumer. I guess there's two things. Earlier in the year we did see in the food spread business particularly that consumers sort of trade from our more premium items, the Simply Fruit or low sugar or sugar free, into traditional food spreads. We were, frankly, pleased that we saw some of those segments come back in the quarter. So I don't know that we can say that that's an economic indicator, but we saw people (inaudible) those better for you segments and higher cost per U or cost per ounce segments. Frankly, in consumer we had a great period in pancakes and syrup. And given the seasonal time and the promotional strategy behind with the tie-ins with coffee, we had a great Hungry Jack period, and that did drive some of our mix change. And what happens there is, as you can imagine, a box of pancake mix on promotion is $1.99, but it's a lot of tonnage. So although the margins are good and you can see that in our segment reporting, we did move a lot of tonnage in those categories which sort of dilutes or causes the impact of high tonnage and lower net sales.
Steven Oakland: And then, Farha, hi, Steve. In the consumer business the trends that Vine talked about, the retailer wanting some hot price points on their front page, and if you think about a year ago, it was when peanut butter experienced the tough times with the PCA recalls. Peanut butter was a very competitive quarter and I think everybody saw opportunities to lap pretty soft numbers in the previous quarter and so there was a lot of peanut butter promotion activity during the quarter driven by the manufacturing community, and I would argue, driven by the retailer.
Steven Oakland: Yeah. We were up about half that much, but the key here is we think the peanut butter business is our toughest one to call, where is it going to shake out in the quarter. And that's because a year ago, if you remember, we went out with Nashville Media. We partnered with a number of customers and had front page ads, Trust Jif, so we had a lot of business in the Jif brand in the last two months of the quarter. And although we've got great promotional support, it's difficult for us to really tell you how are we going to shake out versus the year ago? Will we be up, will we be flat? We don't think we'll be anything worse than flat. We hope we'll be up a little bit. Early indications are great, but there's a lot of noise in the last two months in peanut butter and I look forward to commenting on it in the next meeting, but with the business it's very solid, but the comparables are difficult in the last two months I guess is what I'm saying.
Steven Oakland: Sure. I'll comment on food spreads and peanut butter. First of all, a year ago we had an anomaly in the food spread business. We had a very short crop uncertain of the premium cane berries; blackberries, raspberries, et cetera, and we took a 30% price increase, okay? So obviously that had big effect on that whole business. We have since rolled a big portion of that back and so those are material varieties during the third quarter so that's some of the price decline in the food spread business. As far as peanut butter, we're sort of between crops right now and there have been some favorable costs in the peanut butter industry. When you compare that to the fact that the retailers, as Vince mentioned earlier, are looking for those front-page items, and we all as an industry have soft comparables. Some of that favorable peanut butter cost has been spent back on the peanut butter business. Now we've tried to balance that. I think we've been able to increase margins, been able to increase our tonnage, and there's even another compound to that. Some of the segments like club, and the consumer is looking at — there's tremendous value in some of those segments right now and so we're even seeing larger sizes very effective right now. So there's a lot of variables, but we're looking close at the peanut butter business. If we think those things are sustainable, we'll roll them into price as we always have, if not they'll probably just be short-term promotions.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Hi, Farha. This is Paul. On the oils and baking side I'd point out one mix change that we saw and that's really on the flour side of the business. We saw significant growth in flower over the O&D time period and that's a little less margin item than some of our other items. 
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Hi, Farha. Paul here again. On the oils and baking side. On the Crisco oil part of the business we did not take our price down, a list price down, starting in the first quarter of this year. Instead what we did is we chose to spend those additional dollars and basically give that funding back to the retailer in the form of promotional spending instead of price decline. So that's what we have been experiencing this whole year so far.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: And if we look at Uncrustables in retail, I spoke earlier about the PCA recall a year ago. If you remember, a lot of the media on that was about it being ingredient peanut butters that were problems, and although our items were not involved in any way, we think it did hurt Uncrustables a year ago. So we're pleased to see Uncrustables' volume actually up in the third quarter so we think we've got that behind us, hopefully the economic conditions behind us a little bit, and feel good about it going forward.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Hey, Paul here. Yeah, I would say that we pretty much won the O&D time period. We felt very good about that. It's clearly going to be competitive coming into the fourth quarter. That being said, we feel pretty confident that we have some good promotions lined up.
