Mark Belgya: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us. On the call from the company are Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO; and Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and Co-CEO. Also joining us and reflecting their new titles that became effective on May 1 are Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Steve Oakland, President, International, Foodservice and Natural Foods; Mark Smucker, President, U.S. Retail Coffee; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President, U.S. Retail Consumer Foods.  After this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Tim for an overview of the year. I will then review the financial results for the quarter, and Richard will provide our outlook for 2012 and closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments, we will be available to answer your questions. Questions specific to one of the business segments will generally be addressed by the president responsible for managing that business in 2011. If you've not seen our press release, it is available on our website at smuckers.com.  A replay of this call is available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. During the call today, our team may make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning such forward-looking statements. I also want to remind you that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release located on our website. I will now turn the call over to Tim.
Mark Belgya: Yes, Eric, this is Mark Belgya. The other thing would be, of course, we will lap the -- one of the coffee increases in February that we took, a double digit one. So there you'll start seeing some moderation in the fourth quarter.
Mark Belgya: Farha, this is Mark Belgya. We have not disclosed the EBITDA numbers, but we did put in our release in year one, our first full year would be a $0.05 of earnings. And that number will increase in a few years as we consolidate the operations into our New Orleans facility and move much closer to the rest of the company. But right now, because of the fact that we're running the operation separately, it's a little bit under the corporate average.
Mark Belgya: Well, the charges -- yes, Chuck, most of the charges we've had during the year it's deceleration on all the plants that are closing but clearly with Sherman having the shortest time period, the majority or at least the large percentage of the noncash charge would be affiliated with that. But the other plants are also -- we're accelerating depreciation on those as well.
Mark Belgya: Ken, this is Mark. I think it was in the scripted comments, it's $0.50 a share roughly. Before it was around $0.45 -- $0.73. So it's about $7 million or $8 million specific to Rowland.
Mark Belgya: David, it's Mark Belgya. We did not, but I think again it was in our stated scripted comments that our SD&A is going to be up next year. And we're going to -- although clearly, marketing won't be up to match the top line growth, it will be low double-digits as a company.
Mark Belgya: Yes. Just to refresh everyone's memory, our restructuring project including everything that's been discussed previously including Canada will ultimately be about $70 million in fiscal 2015. That will be the first year that we have a full year of benefits. And we've tried to direct everyone that it's kind of a stair-step approach that ties into the construction projects and the closing of the plant. So in fiscal 2012, we would expect about $25 million in total savings to be reflected in the P&L.
Mark Belgya: No, I don't think that -- I don't think I would give any specific quarter any weighting. Obviously, the costs that we've priced to have all occurred. So it would be pretty even across the 4 quarters.
Mark Belgya: Yes, they're fairly evenly weighted, particularly on the noncash side because the depreciation is monthly. The only times you'll see a little bit of cash spike is when we do get around to incurring some of the cash charges. But I think for your modeling purposes, an even cadence across the quarters is probably reasonably fair.
Mark Belgya: Jane, this is Mark Belgya. I'll start and then if anyone wants to jump in. I guess, first of all, in terms of the range itself, it is a $0.10 wider that I think we've done in the last couple of years. Obviously, the EPS amount grows just percentage-wise, the range will grow a little bit. But more specifically, importantly around what could drive it to the lower end of that. Everything you mentioned -- clearly, we have been hitting on. We talked about the savings around the restructuring. Obviously, there are savings associated on EPS in terms -- or benefits of the EPS in the share buyback. The impairment charge is a nonrecurring charge, and all of that would help support the high end of the range. As we've said several times this morning though, the consumer still has to see the on-shelf pricing. There's a lot of volatility. And when you talk about the 25% increase in cost, the 20% top line growth, those are somewhat staggering numbers, we feel confident. But if you are looking for something that would point us to the lower end of that range, just some of the uncertainty around that. And clearly, as the year progresses, we'll have a better view and add more site to that. But we felt at this point in the year, it was appropriate to recognize at least some of that uncertainty in our range.
Mark Belgya: Yes, Judy. We said that our SD&A would be up 10% and then within that marketing, we would also be up in low double-digits as well. So pretty comparable to the SD&A increase.
Mark Belgya: Yes, that's probably right. And clearly, from a year ago this time, cost of green in particular would have bigger disparity than later in the year. And I would say, at the back half of the year we saw pretty high costs more comparable than what we're having in place today.
Mark Belgya: No, what we're going to do is we'll have 3 segments and we'll have U.S. Retail Coffee, which would be comparable to what we've had in the past. We'll have U.S. Consumer Foods, which for simplicity is the addition of what was Consumer and Oils and Baking. So for your purposes, you could just add the profit and sales results together. We will formally reclass or restate that in the coming weeks. And the International, Natural Foods and Foodservice business, which we previously called Special Markets, well, that will just be the new name for that business.
Mark Belgya: Yes, Mitch. Clearly pricing is the majority. There is some mix, but pricing is by and large the bulk of that 20%.
Mark Belgya: Eric, this is Mark Belgya. The number is $60 million. That is a net interest number. And we have moved some of our fixed debt to variable through some swaps that will benefit both from a cash perspective and the P&L during '12.
Vincent Byrd: Eric, this is Vince. I'll take the first question, and Steve will take the peanut butter question specifically. But I think as mentioned in the script, the majority of our pricing was taken through last fiscal year through '11. But then we announced virtually every product category had yet another round of price increases that will take effect in the first quarter at various stages. So from a quarterly perspective, I would say that you'll see more pricing actions take effect in the second through the fourth quarter than you will in the first quarter.
Vincent Byrd: So we'll take the pricing question first, Farha. On coffee, we announced the price increase in May of around 10% to 11%.
Vincent Byrd: Chuck, this is Vince. Well, first of all, as you know, it's unprecedented times across all commodities. And I think as Jim or Richard mentioned in their formal remarks, we're trying to do everything we can to delay or have other costs offsets to ultimately pricing decisions. Also as mentioned, we are though passing on pretty much a $0.01 per $0.01 type pricing as opposed to increasing margin percentages. They have been accepted pretty much from the trade. They have not all been reflected, of course, on the shelves. So the consumer has not seen the full impact of our pricing actions most -- and particularly those that we did announce over the last month or so. But again, for the most part, we feel our products and brands will be able to withstand the pricing actions we've taken.
Vincent Byrd: I think we'll do that by segment, but we'll start with Coffee. This year's fourth quarter was different from last year. I think you may recall that we almost doubled our marketing budget in last year's fourth quarter and we actually reduced our trade spend last year. This year was more normal on a going forward basis, and that's what we'll see I think going forward into fiscal '12. Although marketing was lower this year in our fourth quarter versus last year, it was actually higher than the 2 previous fourth quarters. So we continue to invest in the brands. We did increase a little of the trade this year versus last year because we wanted to ensure that we delivered a very strong Easter promotional period.
Vincent Byrd: Sure, David. This is Vince. Basically for the fourth quarter, our costs were up nearly 50% if you compare to the prior year. There's been tremendous volatility, and in fact, it's traded in the last 3 weeks about $0.60 or over 25% change. I would just say from where our current position is, and we're public that we're typically 18 to 22 weeks. And based on where the market is today, we're in a range that we're comfortable with our pricing. It's very difficult, of course, to predict what the market will do going forward. But I think a lot just depends upon the world events and the flow of money. You've heard us say before that we don't think it's driven by the fundamentals or some issues going on in Brazil and Colombia we've discussed. But it's not driven necessarily by supply and demand as much as it is financial markets. But we feel we're in a good position as we sit today.
Vincent Byrd: Sure. I'll take coffee. In a macro sense again, you have to be careful about how much is even recognized as measured versus non-measured, and we've said that many, many times. So although it's an indicator, it is not necessarily a full read of our business. I would also say that majority of the Dunkin' decline might have been -- or was in non-measured channels. So that's the primary driver from that perspective. But overall, I would say for fiscal year '11, clearly, there's been some shifting of our volume to the alternative channels group whether it'd be club, mask, dollar channels, et cetera.
Vincent Byrd: Sure. Again, we would expect to continue to grow. I would just start by saying that we have a great relationship with Green Mountain. And as you've heard us say before, it's our charge to grow the system or the overall pie. We're the first natural brand to launch. And we did roughly, as you know, about 3% of sales for the 6 months, I believe, the most successful new product launch in our company history. There are some new competitors that's going to be entering into the market come fall, and those are very public. So they'll provide incremental opportunities for consumers to buy K-Cups at different channels. But we remain very, very bullish about the continued growth of that business.
Vincent Byrd: Yes. So I mean, we hope that it'll continue to grow between at least -- going to be between 3% and 5% of our overall coffee business.
Vincent Byrd: Well, again, we would hope that depending on what happens in the financial markets that they could come down. But I guess, I'll just say what I said earlier, there are some fundamental issues going on in the world when you look at the amount of demand in Brazil or the supply availability in Colombia. But again, those are not what's driving coffee to the 34-year high. It's primarily driven by financial markets. You see that we have a $0.60 trading range in a 2-week period. That is not supplier-demand driven. That is financial markets driven. And so I don't think we can predict anything about what will happen. But we would hope that they will come down over time. However, whether they'll go back to the levels that we saw a year or 18 months ago, most likely it will not occur unless there's some major shift in the financial markets.
Vincent Byrd: It just depends on what the timing of our price increase, the promotional spend and our green coffee costs that happen to fall within that particular quarter.
Vincent Byrd: No, we do not have the right to distribute the K-Cups in what we would call Foodservice or office coffee channels. Our channels are primarily limited to what we would call our U.S. Retail channels.
Vincent Byrd: Oh, no. We use a very, very significant amount of Robustas, and we're not public with that exact blend but I can tell you by a significant amount.
Vincent Byrd: On an absolute amount, that is correct. And the difference between the 2 has significantly increased over the past year between Arabica and Robusta and so there have been some competitive actions of maybe revising their blends. I mean, we have resisted doing that.
Steven Oakland: Eric, Steve Oakland. I'll comment on the peanut butter business and the actions that we've taken and what's going on in the industry. As you know, we are the largest peanut buyer, right, globally. And so as we work with those key suppliers and shellers, it became evident to us very early on that this year's peanut crop was short, frankly. And so as we worked with them, we started to prepare our Lexington facility and prepare our supply chain to assure we can continue the growth of that business. And if you look at that business grew last year by 5%. Frankly, it grew the year before by a little more than that. So we anticipate that business growing again this year. So we've discontinued, and there's been some writing about this that maybe was a little misunderstood. But we discontinued some tiny items that were complex and that gave that facility even more capacity, so that it could deal with a short crop. So if you combine those efforts with frankly our position, we feel great about our key promotional periods of back-to-school fall bake. Our price increase that we took that went into effect just last month is about half what some of the competitors that you listed mentioned. But we think it's adequate to cover our needs, and the actions that we've done are going to get us through another great year on Jif. Remember, we also took a 5% price decline that the market didn't take a year ago. So the Jif business continues to grow, and we get a lot of that business on regular everyday shelf turns. And we think that's very, very healthy. So keeping that price close, giving the consumer value every day not just on deep deals has been the success of that business, and we intend to continue it.
Steven Oakland: On oils, it was about 8%. On baking, it was a range between 4% and actually 20%. On milk, 5% to 10%. On peanut butter, it was 8% to 10%. Fruit spreads, 5%. Our pancake mix and toppings businesses went up 5% as well.
Steven Oakland: And Steve Oakland with the consumer numbers. As we reported, we had a very strong volumes in the fourth quarter. Peanut butter, up 8%; fruit spreads, up. So our year-to-date marketing was flat. We did postpone a few activities because we knew what was happening in the peanut butter category. We knew we had very strong bookings on that business, and we didn't want that to be any stronger frankly, putting more pressure on that business. So some of the Jif Natural things, some of those Jif To Go things went into the next year. So marketing for the year was flat, but fourth quarter it was prudent to maybe postpone a few activities.
Steven Oakland: Alexia, Steve Oakland. As we look forward to China, obviously, you just can't ignore that market. It's such a fast-growing middle class and the demographics -- the western retail practices and everything are just booming there. So we have been studying that market for some period of time. We're starting to understand categories. We're starting to understand the consumer. We started to add some people to our team that are both in China and here that have spent a lot of time managing similar product businesses in China. So I think we want to enter that market. We want to do it right, and we're trying to put the building blocks in place to do that, and I think we're well on our way.
Steven Oakland: Yes. This is Steve Oakland. We are excited to launch K-Cups in Canada as well, and those presentations are being made to trade literally as we speak. So there's a new -- relatively newer segment in Canada, but getting just as much enthusiasm from all of the classes of trade as it is in the United States.
Mark Smucker: Sure. Hi Farha, this is Mark Smucker. Again we would say that the Rowland acquisition obviously is very complimentary to the business, and one of the key points that it's a very unique consumer. And it's typically a consumer or a set of consumers that does not consume our mainstream products across a number of different Hispanic demographics. And so as you may know that business is focused predominately in the northeast and Florida and because of that unique consumer base, we think it's critical that we maintain the product integrity and ensure that, that brand and that product taste profile doesn't change as we integrate the business. So we do think, however, there's going to be significant opportunity for growth across a number of Hispanic demographics nationally. And remember, too, that we've only owned the business for about 3 weeks and so we're right now very focused on learning the business and integrating that business. And we only closed on May 16. So again, we remain very confident that we can grow that business and it fits a very unique niche in the consumer base.
Mark Smucker: This is Mark Smucker. As you know, we're still integrating the business and learning it. And as I think in the scripted comments, we mentioned that we will be integrating the customer-facing activities in the next several months. But we do expect that in the second and third quarters, we will be putting some efforts against increasing that distribution. So realistically, flowing through our P&L, you would probably start to see some growth, I would say, in this third quarter.
Mark Smucker: Jane, this is Mark Smucker. I'll start. Basically, although the Dunkin' brand was down in the quarter, we still feel very good about its growth potential. Essentially in the quarter, there was some promotional activity in the prior fourth quarter that did not reoccur this past fourth quarter. And so that was the primary driver for Dunkin' being down. But as we go forward, we think the brand has great legs and that there is still some opportunity in distribution and also some opportunity in new products to continue to grow that brand. So overall, I think over the course of this next fiscal year, we would continue to see growth on that brand.
Mark Smucker: No, there's been no fundamental change if you're speaking specifically to the specialty coffees. Obviously, we have very high regard for Starbucks and taking over the ownership of their brand at retail. Again, though, there's been no fundamental shift other than, of course, the pricing price points that we're all now facing versus where we were a year ago.
Mark Smucker: Yes. This is Mark, Mitch. We are in the process of launching 2 new items in the K-Cup area. So we're excited about that.
Mark Smucker: This is Mark. If you look at the movement of Robusta relative to Arabicas, even though the spread is significant as Arabicas have come down slightly in the last several weeks, Robustas have not. And in fact, in the last week or so have actually strengthened on strong demand for Vietnamese Robustas.
Mark Smucker: Now this is Mark Smucker. Yes, it is a good channel, and we do -- and from an industry perspective, we are seeing continued growth. And I would say overall, we would continue to see that area grow. If you look at naturals, the natural channel, which now is starting to get into some of the mainstream areas in a bigger way. Organic is part of what we call natural. It is a smaller piece, of course, of the pie. But organic seems to grow very rapidly from an industry perspective, and our growth continues as well.
Paul Wagstaff: This Paul Wagstaff. The only thing I would like to add to that is when we think about the oil pricing, our competitors have also taken the price up to similar amounts. So we feel that on shelf, we're going to be in pretty good position. And so far we have seen a significant drop-off in volume.
Paul Wagstaff: Yes, this is Paul. Regarding the oils and baking side of the business, we did want to make sure that we did have a strong Eastern time period. And we did take some of our marketing and really put it towards the promotion -- price promotion and felt that we did have a very good time period, a good fourth quarter.
Paul Wagstaff: Yes, Mike, this is Paul Wagstaff. Just stepping back on the baking business, when we started out the year, it's been a tough year overall. Competitive pressures on the disruptive pricing has been significant, but we started out the last -- past year with one of our key retailers really eliminating us from part of the key promotional time period. And so as we moved into the fourth quarter, we were able to gain some of that promotional business back from a couple of the retailers. And we really were able to pass some of the pricings. We took some of our marketing and pushed into some pricing and key promotions. And really we grew the business by about 15% fourth quarter. So we felt very good about that. Going into this upcoming year, we are still seeing the competitive pressure exist in the marketplace. That being said, we've already locked in a few key retailers for the fall bake time period, and I would say we feel optimistic that should be a good year. All things being considered, we still know there's going to be some disruptive pricing out there. But we feel pretty good.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. I might just add 2 comments. One is, as Paul mentioned, our competitors have all taken these price increases also, so we are on a level playing field. We just believe that we have to play harder. And second is that the consumer, for example, on coffee, still a cost per serving on coffee is very low. It's still only $0.05 or $0.06 a serving. So even if it goes up to $0.07 a serving, it's still going to be a pretty good bargain, and that's true in most of the products that we are involved in.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. But I'm not sure of the question, but if the question relates to pricing versus where the costs are associated with, we've -- if commodity costs remained where they are today, we've taken all the pricing we need to take. No one knows what's going to happen on commodity costs, but we're in pretty good shape going into the year.
Richard Smucker: And I think -- I'd just mention, as we were at CAGNY, nothing has changed from that strategy. Our shift is the same as we're still focused on North America, but China is an area of keen interest for us.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. And as we always say, we got a lot of lines in the water. We just don't know when the fish are going to bite. So we're probably in the same position we were about a year ago in terms of that, but we're always looking.
