Mark Belgya: Good morning, everyone. And welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us. On the call from the company are Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO; Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and Co-CEO; Vince Byrd, President of Coffee Business; Steve Oakland, President of Smucker’s, Jif and Hungry Jack; Mark Smucker, President of Special Markets; and Paul Wagstaff, President, Oils and Baking. After this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Tim for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter and Richard will provide closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments we will be available to answer your questions. If you’ve not seen our press release it is available on our website at smuckers.com. A replay of this call is available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today’s call, please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. I would like to remind you that in both the prepared comments and during the question-and-answer period that follows we may make forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure of statement in the press release concerning such forward-looking statements. I also want to point out the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release and on our website. I’ll now turn the call over to Tim.
Mark Belgya: Sure, it’s Mark. Well the $6 million actually was for the total company for the quarter. But, obviously a portion of it -- but the way it works is there is a couple of different pieces of it. On the oil side, and I won’t get into a lot of technical matters here, but on the oil side we actually deferred gains or losses in hedging and match them to the period we actually used the physical inventory. So, that’s really any hedging gains or losses are put onto the balance sheet. So what flows through the P&L is mark-to-market on primarily wheat or flour hedges because of the rules -- the accounting rules around those hedges. So that’s typically what you will see coming through that would represent the large portion typically in any quarter for all of the segment as it relates to hedging. 
Mark Belgya: We have -- as you know, if you look at our strategy our number one brands sold in several stores primarily North America. So there is a lot of good brands out there, so I think that would be a nice fit with our portfolio.
Mark Belgya: Chuck, it will probably be up a little bit higher than this year, probably not dramatic. The impact issue we’re seeing is, this is the final year if you will, of maximizing the deductions be given to U.S. manufacturers that was sort of stepped up. And we finally hit the maximum percent. I don’t think you are going to see the decrease. Obviously, we don’t know what is going to change overall but that aside, probably up marginally from where we were being running last year or two.
Mark Belgya: Jason, this is Mark. Well, couple of things. One is, I think you guys are well aware of this, but last year we did have an abnormally low tax rate, particularly in the fourth quartet, so, a little bit of that comparison is driven by that. I think generally, while we agree with the positive comments you just said, there is still the risk and the uncertainty of what cost is going to do and any pricing actions, either ourselves or the competitive environment that we are facing. So, to some degree I think it’s a little bit of what happened in the last six months. We are feeling a little bit of reservation in the guidance.
Mark Belgya: Hi, Jane. It’s Mark. I don’t think I would characterize as any change in our thinking. I think we’ve been pretty consistent. I’m sure most of you on the phone have you seen our chart where we allocate or show deployment of our cash fairly evenly across the different outlets. So it relates to repurchase, we said time and again that we had the 3.7 million shares, that -- in fact if you go back before Folgers transaction, we were pretty active in the market. So to some degree our continuation of buyback shares is just a continuation of what we are doing prior to the transaction. But, I guess, generally I would say there has been no material change to our thinking as it relates to deployment of cash.
Mark Belgya: It would be a couple of percentage points lower with it.Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. So like a 9ish.
Mark Belgya: It’s not dramatically different. I will tell you a year ago. It’s about -- it was about $5.5 million last year, so pretty even swing. But it’s not -- Last year, it wasn’t dramatically different.Scott Mushkin – Jefferies & Company: Great. Thanks very much.
Mark Belgya: This is Mark. I think in terms of the dividend, first of all we have been pretty consistent with years with the 40% target, we think that’s appropriate. We do look at that periodically verses our peers, but right now I think the board is probably more focused on getting us closer to that target. It’s obviously something that we will look at going forward as we evaluate ways to return value. But that’s just something the board looks at every time and I think the fact that we are running a little below. We are just trying to point that out and the board will take that into consideration here in the next couple of meetings.
Mark Belgya: I really can’t speak for the board. I may think that we provide them with the information and they will take actions they see appropriate.
Tim Smucker: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report another quarter of earnings growth, even though we continue to operate in a challenging economic and competitive environment. Let me summarize the key highlights for the quarter. First, sales for the quarter increased 1%, excluding the impact of divestitures and foreign exchange. Pricing and favorable mix offset an overall decline in volume. Second, on a non-GAAP basis, operating profit was up 10% and combined with a lower effective income tax rate resulted in a 13% increase in earnings per share. Third, we announced an expansion of our current restructuring project to improve the cost structure of our Canadian pickle and condiments business. And finally, we entered this year’s Fall Bake and Holiday period with strong multi-brand promotional programs that incorporate all of our major brands and we are optimistic about the season. Now, let me provide commentary on each of our four business segments. In our Coffee segment, sales and segment profit were up for the quarter despite a decline in volume. We anticipated volume declines in the quarter due to significant pricing actions taken earlier in the year to offset increased green coffee costs. The decrease driven by Folgers coffee was larger than anticipated as our primary competitor continued to be aggressive with promoted price points. Overall, we remain encouraged as we move through the Holiday period and into the remainder of the fiscal year. Our launch of Folgers Gourmet Selections and Millstone brand K-Cups this quarter, enhances our participation with the single serve category. We are pleased with the K-Cups performance to date as all major customers have accepted the product offering. Primary marketing support of the launch including television advertising began in November. The Dunkin’ Donuts coffee brand is continuing its strong momentum aided by distribution gains, turns on the core business and the success of new product launches and this includes our new Dunkin’ Donuts seasonal items which are all performing well. In the Consumer segment, volume increased 1%, excluding divestitures while net sales declined reflecting the price decrease taken on peanut butter earlier in the fiscal year. During the quarter we concluded a successful back-to-school period despite a very competitive environment particularly in the peanut butter category. We are encouraged by the consumer response to our Jif To Go offering, also the growth of Jif Natural continues to drive share gains in the peanut butter category. Turning to our Oils and Baking segment, unprecedented competitive pricing throughout the quarter contributed to sales in volume declines, compared to a strong second quarter last year. In many instances particularly in the baking business we chose to protect profits over market share. We believe the current aggressive pricing will continue throughout the remainder of the Fall Bake period but are encouraged by the merchandising programs we have in place for the Fall Bake period. Further, the Crisco brand has shown signs of volume improvement over the trends in the previous few quarters. This follows the price decrease taken on Crisco oils to narrow price gaps on everyday basis. Our Special Markets segment had a strong quarter with volume gains realized in all four business areas. This was led by natural foods, which benefited from improving trends in our natural and organic foods categories. Volume gains in Canada were driven by a strong Thanksgiving Holiday period for the baking business. Also, Folgers coffee continues to show significant growth in both the U.S. food service business and from Canada. So, in summary, we are pleased to have delivered another good quarter. As we continue to navigate this challenging environment, we remain committed to responsibly managing our business for the long-term with a focus on balancing volume growth, share market and profitability. I would now like to turn the call back to Mark to have him review the financial results for the quarter.
Tim Smucker: I think that’s right. I think we continue to look at a number of opportunities, but it’s not the same as it has been before.
Tim Smucker: Well, let me just -- this is Tim. Let me just make a comment. Again, as we think about building the brands, long-term, you will see the fluctuations from time to time. But we are committed to building all the brands because as you know 70 plus percent of our business is the number one brands. And we’re committed to do that. There will be ups and downs by quarter but that hasn’t changed our overall commitment. So, I don’t know Vince…
Tim Smucker: One other thing just I add, there has been a tremendous amount of new product activity over the years. And that has that also plays obviously as we invest whether Dunkin’ Donuts, K-Cups other singles [or decaffeinated], all those kinds of activity, and there is a lot of that going on and a lot in the pipeline. So that will also have an impact.
Tim Smucker: Hi, yeah. Let me just add one other thing, Richard. It’s just the political environment. I mean, you’ve seen today, [Bowls] announced Simpson 100 to tube today, yesterday and today and the consumer is looking for balance. There is a lot - 
Tim Smucker: They are looking for certainty. And that isn’t just a consumer but it’s a customer. And the customers are trying different things and we are trying to navigate right through that and be consistent as we can and look for balance. So that’s all going to be, we are all dealing with that.
Tim Smucker: Yeah. I think that is true. I think that is exactly right and there is a risk there. Our strategy -- as the balance we talked about several times. We don’t believe that although we discount and offer we think value deals to our customers. You can’t deep discount your way to profitability or to long-term growth. And that really isn’t good for the industry or the category. And we’ve got -- there is a lot of hard evidence and if that’s true and so we try to continue to be, I would call a responsible competitor as opposed to taking some deep discounting approach.
Tim Smucker: You articulated very well. All of those factors, it depends on where the commodity is, it depends on where our position is. And of course what is going on from a competitive environment. I will say in coffee, we have the luxury though of implementing pricing very, very quickly. So, once the decision is made we tend to implement that in a very short period of time unlike some other markets or some of our other product categories where we may not have that luxury. We are not concerned with the ability to implement it once the decision is made. But as I mentioned earlier, if the commodity does not take a dramatic change as to where it is today, we will be faced with some type of pricing action in action in the back half.
Tim Smucker: Sure. Well, first of all the growth in the quarter was driven by two primary reasons. First, increased distribution in terms of our core SKUs, so, that’s going to original and the others, but it was also significantly benefited by the launch of our seasonal items that we put into the marketplace and in fact in one major retailer, one of the seasonal items was the second highest selling SKU of the entire bagged coffee segment, second only to our Dunkin original. And, so the seasonals definitely did have a play during the quarter and continue to do so. Going forward, the team is continued to be challenged to have double digit growth in that. We have very few SKUs compared to our competitors, our ACV is very strong on your original and some of the top flavors, but there are opportunities to continue to expand the ACV significantly. 
Tim Smucker: Yeah. Great question. First of all I’d just like to compliment and thanks our marketing and sales and operations team and the relationship that we have been able to establish with Green Mountain and Keurig. That project all came to cushion in a very, very short period of time. As -- it was mentioned in the former remarks, although we haven’t necessarily shifted to all customers at this point, all major customers have accepted it. We did kickoff some marketing support this past couple of weeks. We have for the first time I believe a K-Cups has been nationally advertised and we also dropped the [FSI] this past weekend, as some of the initial support and the initial reads are very, very positive. But it’s still early days at this point.
Tim Smucker: Yeah. It clearly is driving a lot of that year-over-year and if you look across and coffee it’s a significant piece of that, but our other businesses inventories are also [upset that is all].
Tim Smucker: I don’t know that we would disclose that information necessarily. First of all, coffee is fluctuating $0.5 to $0.10 a day and it’s up another $0.5 this morning. So I guess I prefer not to give a range right now.
Tim Smucker: Yeah. It was down about 7% in volume, but I would point out that it had a pretty difficult comp because last year it grew 5% in last year’s second quarter.Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer & Co.: So that 7% is excluding Dunkin and K-Cups.
Tim Smucker: That’s not the way we look at it. We do take a long-term approach and actually this is the first quarter where we actually had a volume decline. But part of that volume decline was planned. And lot of the volume is in heavy items such as flour, we planned it to lose some margins and loss some volume in flour. Coffee was probably not planned because we had a great run for the last 24 months on coffee almost or actually, short of that, 21 months on coffee. In general, we are not seeing what you are seeing overall for long-term period. We recognized this quarter was down a little bit in volume. But that was - part of that was planned.
Tim Smucker: In another part we haven’t talked about is mix and the types of products that we sell, it’s not just the volume it’s the mix of products that we sell. I know, especially in peanut butter and in fruit spreads, we are getting a better mix of products than we’ve ever had before. We are actually selling less great this year which is not a high margin item, but it’s a high weight item.
Tim Smucker: Yeah. No. I would -- we would still see significant growth rate I would think in the third and fourth quarter, as we fill the channels and get the initial -- the initial read on shelf takeoff.Mitch Pinheiro – Janney Capital Markets: Okay. And what is the likelihood of you introducing additional SKUs in K-Cups in the next 12 months.
Tim Smucker: I think, another thing Paul, that some of our customers have limited some SKUs early last year and they thought that -- they found that wasn’t good idea. So they are putting those back, so you are seeing some of that now and that’s what -- to Paul’s comment that they are buying later now because they are getting more choice now.Mitch Pinheiro – Janney Capital Markets: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Tim Smucker: Well, thank you very much for your interest and always great questions and I just want to reiterate what Richard said earlier that our team is -- just want to thank our team, it’s just a fantastic team and thank you for you support. Wish you a lot of memorable meals and moments over the next holiday season. So, thanks a lot. Have a great day.
Richard Smucker: Thank you, Mark and good morning everyone. As Tim indicated, the current landscape remains challenging, yet we realized another quarter of earnings growth and are positioned for a good third quarter. We base this outlook on the strength of our brands and a combination of new products and marketing programs in place for the fall bake and holiday period. Marketing activities include several new television ads that are currently airing or are planned for the upcoming holiday period. Within coffee, we have new commercials supporting the Folgers and Dunkin’ Donuts brand as well as the recently launched K-Cups offering. In the food spreads category, our first ever Smucker’s holiday commercial began airing this week. This advertisement is a continuation of the voice campaigning which emphasizes the heritage of the Smucker’s brand. And finally, our national expansion of the Jif to Go product will be supported by increased marketing efforts. Additionally, we continue to invest in digital marketing as an opportunity to leverage technologies and strengthen our relationship with our constituents. This includes the recent launch of social media pages for some of our iconic brands including Folgers, Jif, Pillsbury and Crisco allowing our consumers new opportunities to interact with these brands. Turning now, to operational practices and cost structure, during the quarter we announced the expansion of our current restructuring project to address capacity underutilization in the Canadian pickle and condiments business. This initiative includes transitioning the majority of the Bick’s pickles and condiments production to third party manufacturers in the US, and the closing of our manufacturing facility in Ontario, Canada. Combined with our coffee and food spread supply chain initiatives, we now expect to achieve annual savings of approximately $68 million from these restructuring activities when fully implemented in fiscal 2015, excluding one-time costs. As Mark mentioned the overall timeline related to the project remains on track. With this addition to the restructuring project, we now expect total restructuring and merger integration charges of approximately $125 million in the current year, of which approximately $45 million are cash related. Let me conclude with our outlook for the year. Net sales are expected to increase in excess of 3% for the full year primarily due to pricing actions. Volume for the last six months of the year is projected to be comparable with the prior year. We are increasing our earnings outlook as we now expect non-GAAP income per diluted share to be in the range of $4.55 to $4.65 including amortization expense of approximately $0.40 per share. This guidance excludes restructuring and merger and integration costs which are estimated to range from $0.70 to $0.75 per diluted share for the full fiscal year. The impact of share repurchases is excluded from the range. Consistent with our historical trends, we anticipate a larger portion of the second half earnings per share to fall in the third quarter. Further, although to a much lesser extent than has been in the second quarter, we expect an incremental benefit in the third quarter due to our hedged coffee position relative to price, which is reflected in our earnings range. As a reminder, last year’s third quarter included $10 million of non-cash impairment charges related to the write-down of certain intangible assets. Looking ahead, the impact of higher commodity costs will flow through our results and have the most affect in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind that last year’s fourth quarter included a one-time gain of approximately $13 million from the sale of the potato business. It also benefited from an unusually lower tax rate of 28%. Considering these factors we do not expect to repeat the strong earnings experienced in last year’s fourth quarter. We believe [net] fiscal year earnings per quarter will reflect a more traditional pattern. Overall, we have confidence in our ability to continue to provide long-term growth for our shareholders. So in summary, we delivered another quarter of earnings growth in a challenging environment. Second, although we anticipate further cost escalation in commodity markets, we have a proven ability to navigate our way through these challenges. Third, we feel confident in raising our earnings outlook for the year. And finally, we continue to demonstrate our commitment to enhancing shareholder value through stock repurchases and a strong dividend, and will continue to evaluate alternatives to do so. We thank you for your time today, and now I will be happy to answer your questions.
Richard Smucker: Good morning, Ed.Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: Wanted to ask first on, just on the promotional environment, you mentioned in coffee, you had more volume because of what your primary competitor was doing. It does seem like they pulled back a little bit, this month in particular, are you seeing signs of improvement there? And then on the baking business, you mentioned that you didn’t expect much near-term improvement in the competitive landscape, but one of your main competitors there announced a recent price increase. So just trying to understand that. Thanks. 
Richard Smucker: Well, I guess as we’ve stated previously, we are charged with growing our segment profits year-on-year, until margins may vary, percentages may vary year-on-year. And we are on plan to do that as we speak. Again, we will take pricing action as necessary to -- in order to protect margins primarily penny for penny. It’s again a balance between the volume, the share and the profitability if the commodity remains where it is, today, more than likely we will have to consider some action in the back half, because we obviously did anticipate where the commodity sits today when we took the pricing action back in August. It was a significant lower of that particular point.
Richard Smucker: Well, Ken, again we take a long-term view of the business but it’s obvious that we were down in the quarter, none of us likes to see our volume move down and our share go down. But as you have pointed out in your analysis, a lot of that was not necessarily driven by our pricing action as much as it was driven by the key competitors’ pricing action which you’ve done a great job of articulating. So we’re again very pleased with the results overall when you considered all of the noise and the competitive activity that was going on in the quarter.
Richard Smucker: Mark, I might ask that. This is an industry risk I think not just a Smucker risk. Of all the commodity costs going up, we track eight commodities but most of our competitors are buying those commodities. And, so as we look to raise price and protect our margins, everybody in the industry is going to be affected by that. So they will question us and what is the consumer going to do and how is the consumer going to respond and are they going to be more cautious. So I think we all have that to be alert to.
Mark Smucker: It’s probably heating up a little bit, although I wouldn’t say it’s out of the normal. Tim as well as Richard (inaudible)
Mark Smucker: Hi, Alexia. This is Mark. I will just try to confirm your comments and then turn to the guys to comment from the respected areas. You are right. From the topline, the pricing we have in place particularly the full back half year impact of the 13% coffee that’s out there will drive a lot of that guidance and also volume, we are expecting to level off really across most of the business segments on the back half. So if there is any specific items, you want to add to that.
Mark Smucker: This is Mark. I would just add from a Canadian perspective that we had a very good year there, not only Fall Bake but in terms of the marketing than we have unprecedented levels of marketing spend and advertising activity to support the brands. So I think from that perspective it’s been positive for Canada as well.
Mark Smucker: Yeah. I will add that. Food service business in schools has recently -- doing recently well. It’s basically flat, that’s the overall the total from a total venture and we are running the plant very well. We are producing as many sandwiches as we can and actually looking at expanding our capacity here in the fourth quarter. So that we can continue to meet demand.
Mark Smucker: Well, Chuck, again it’s a balancing act as we said earlier of measuring balancing volume share and profitability. You know, quite honestly, we just don’t think that some of the levels is good for the category and our customers long-term. Having said that, the Folgers brand obviously responds very, very well to promotional activity and we’ll just have to monitor as we go through the balance of the year.
Mark Smucker: Yeah. This is Mark Smucker. Just in special markets as well, we are seeing favorable mix across the board, pretty much in every one of our business units there and in Canada we are seeing, we have seen some decent share growth in many of those categories as well. In categories that are not typically growth categories, we have been able to increase our share at the expense of some of our competitors.
Vince Byrd: Hi. This is Vince. I will take the coffee question first and I will turn it over to Paul. I would say clearly that there was a lot of competitive activity on coffee during our quarter. We’re particularly pleased actually with our results given that even though the coffee has risen significantly. If you look at our pricing of our bean roast and ground and premium coffee competitors, both of them were below last year’s levels basically. We have seen some indication of that starting to turn around. And as I think Tim or Richard mentioned in the formal remarks, we’re balancing everyday our volume, our share, -- our sales and our profitability.
Vince Byrd: This is Vince. Again, I think we are confident with what we have in place. As mentioned earlier, we are seeing some indication that competitive price points are moving up. And -- but a lot will determine on where the commodity rests primarily in the third quarter but we hope to drive some volume and last year’s fourth quarter was not extremely strong in terms of our growth. So I think we can at least meet, hope we meet that for as we look forward.
Vince Byrd: Alexia, just to give you the consumer business of the peanut butter and fruit spreads businesses actually grew slightly in volume for the quarter. So we expect those trends to continue particularly in peanut butter as you know we took a price decline in the first quarter. Well, the impact, that’s really masked in second quarter because that’s the key promotional back to school period. So we should get the benefit of that in volume in the third and fourth quarters.
Vince Byrd: Yeah. I would say I think it was in Mark’s formal remarks that last year was probably unreasonably high because we chose to invest back in incremental spending. This year is a normal level. We haven’t cut the marketing in the coffee business although we did increase some of our promotional spending as we spent back some of the green. And I’ll turn it to Paul or Steve to comment on their segments.
Paul Wagstaff: This is Paul. In regards to baking side, I think the primary time frame we were talking about is Fall Bake. We don’t anticipate any change in promotional activity going on through Fall Bake. And as you know, we’re right in the middle of that as we speak. We have seen that announcement from one of our competitors taking the pricing up and that really is more of an impact for the fourth quarter.Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks. One follow up, if I could, just -- you mentioned that you expect to have the hedge benefit again in coffee in Q3. If you do like a 20-week lag analysis on the coffee commodity, it’s hard to understand why there would be another benefit this quarter and if some research you do by, call it, to 18 to 22 weeks out, I’m just trying to understand that a little bit better.
Paul Wagstaff: Well, I guess without getting in to specifics, you’ve, for all kinds of purposes, you are correct, for 18 to 20 plus weeks out. There may -- there will be a small benefit in the third quarter, not as much as in the second, but a lot will depend on where the commodity rests for the balance of the fiscal year. So, we do anticipate a little bit of benefit in the third. But if something doesn’t happen with the commodity coming down, we will obviously be in a unfavorable position in the four at this point.Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets:  Thanks for taking the questions.
Paul Wagstaff: Alexia, this is Paul Wagstaff. And on the oil side, we did see oils volume start to come back here in the recent four or five weeks and we would anticipate that continuing through the balance of the year.
Paul Wagstaff: Yeah. I think -- this is Paul. On the oils and baking side, we have seen some intense competitive pressures and we have -- we do manage for the long-term, as Tim was mentioning, however, from a quarter-to-quarter basis, we did pull back some marketing and put it in to some promotional pricing and now, we would anticipate that as ongoing issue but short-term we are doing that.
Paul Wagstaff: Hi, Eric. This is Paul Wagstaff and we’ve definitely seen competitive pricing on both the private label and our number one competitor through the Fall Bake time period so far. I think what we did, we announced a price decline in August to better reflecting pricing on shelf that would be similar to our number one competitor and that has had a favorable impact on volume that we’ve seen that’s increased here recently.Eric Serotta – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Most of my other questions have been answered. So I will turn it back. Thank you.
Paul Wagstaff: And Scott, this is Paul. The only other comment I’d make from competitive perspective, over last prior three -- almost four quarters, we’ve seen some unprecedented pricing action of our competitors that, again, going back to, I think a comment that Tim made earlier in the presentation, we want to focus on your balanced volume and share market and profitability. And we are just not what willing to at this point shave some of those the deep discounts, we don’t think that’s good for the category. That being said, we did made some changes on the oils and we think that’s rebounding nicely. Our baking business, we actually feel pretty good about for Fall Bake. So hopefully, we will see the results shortly.
Paul Wagstaff: No. I don’t think we have. I think we still feel that we are seeing consumers cook and bake more at home and that trend as we see it continues.
