Richard K. Smucker: Before we move on to take your questions, I want to discuss one additional item. As you know, product quality and consumer safety have always been a priority for our company, and we take pride in our track record in this area. When we do experience an issue on this front, we always approach it with an abundance of caution for consumers.  Working with the FDA and our retail customers, we have recalled a small quantity of Smucker's 16-ounce Natural Chunky peanut butter due to a quality issue. We are confident that this issue is isolated and identified it as a result of the thorough testing methods that are in place in at all of our manufacturing facilities. We have been successful in retrieving the majority of this product. But as you may have seen, we issued a press release last evening in an effort to further ensure consumer safety.  Our team continues to work diligently to retrieve the remaining product, which is approximately 300 cases, and we thank them for their efforts. We do not expect any material financial impact on the company.  We thank you for your time today and now are happy to answer your questions.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. And then I'll turn it to Vince. But we have a lot of models that say if you take your prices up as much as we've taken them and had to take them because of commodity price increases, that would have a much significant -- more significant impact on volume than it has. And so my gut feel and my feeling is that we've done a very good job of passing these on and making sure that we're competitive in the marketplace with our competition. So being down 1% in volume for the quarter with the size price increases that we've had to endure, we think is much better than models would show, and I think is benefit to our team for doing what they've been able to do.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. In general, I think we feel really pretty good because we build it from a pricing standpoint, we're well positioned versus where the commodity costs are. We have our plans in place certainly for Fall Bake. Those are all, and we're really just waiting for the sell-through and which seems to be going very well. Our indication's doing well. And then the back half of the year, we have a number of programs that are already in place and in line with our customers. So I guess we're feeling pretty good about that it's going to be pretty stable business for the remainder of the year and right in line with our expectations. And again, our base business is very solid and really no changes to those forecasts.
Richard K. Smucker: Andrew, I might just comment, this is Richard. You know these commodity costs have been more volatile not just on coffee but on every commodity that we've purchased than they have been historically...
Richard K. Smucker: And managing that is tough. And I think our teams and the positions we take both hedging and puts and calls, have done pretty good job of doing that. But to do it quarter-by-quarter, it's difficult because we really do take a long-term perspective. So I guess, what my feeling is we've done a good job in the very volatile markets that we have. Fortunately, at least, the last couple of months, the volatility seems to have dropped a little bit but not where we all would like to see it. But again, we manage for the long term.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, Andrew, this is Richard again. Just -- but this is a partnership and we see it -- regardless of what's on paper, we see this as a real partnership going forward. And the great thing is they're in markets that we're not in geographically. They're in Europe and South America, and we're in North America. So it does provide us a good partnership.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, Eric, this is Richard. Steve said it very well. The one operations we did take was their Suffolk plant in Virginia, which is a "state of the art" facility. It's one of the best plants I've seen anywhere. And then I would also just add that the good thing about liquid coffee technology, it reminds me very much of coke syrup and coke concentrate, and that's been pretty successful for them over the last 100 years or so. So in a small way, we're participating in something similar technologically.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, you really can never pause in M&A in the sense that if there's a brand out there or a relationship that you want to have. That is time sensitive most of the time. And so I think everybody would like to take a pause a little bit while we integrate these. But if the right thing comes around, we have a great team, and I have 100% confidence that they could execute.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, we wanted to thank everybody for their attention today, and we're confident that the year is going to be solid, and we appreciate your time.
Mark R. Belgya: No, it doesn't Eric. What it includes is the swap actually is a favorable. It will reduce interest expense, but that will be over the next several years. So it's primarily the impact of the additional debt.
Mark R. Belgya: Eric, this is Mark Belgya. I'll just start. In terms of the cost that we've called out, obviously, peanuts in the fourth quarter, but also as the guidance, they want to add to it, but there's really no top line. It's just driven more by the commodity costs of peanuts in the fourth and green coffee in the third.
Mark R. Belgya: This is Mark Belgya. It really was pretty much reflective of the volume. As I've mentioned in my scripted comments, we expect the back half to be pretty close to the first half performance in terms of overall volumes, down 2 to 3 percentage points, but it was really that as opposed to pricing.
Mark R. Belgya: I would estimate them to be pretty much in line quarter-to-quarter. I mean, overall I think our COGS, as we said, are going to be 20%. So I mean it could swing a couple percentage points up or down from that.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, yes, we would have because, again, if you look at between the Europe's Best and the interest, I mean, that's about $0.14 to $0.15 in total. So yes, we would have. And I know that everyone kind of looks at the loss differently, but we felt it was appropriate to reduce our guidance by that $0.07 and then also the interest. So yes, we would have. But our base...
Mark R. Belgya: If your question is, is our base business still solid and still within original plans, the answer is yes, it is. So those adjustments really -- so our adjustments...
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, Farha, it's actually attributed to 2 underlying debt issuances. So the first one, I believe, expire -- or matures in 2018, and then the second piece applies to debt we just issued. So I mean ballpark-ish, I would say, sort of $3 million to $4 million between 2012 and 2017, 2018, and then you'll actually see some interest or some additional interest expense in these last couple years that relate to the most recent issue.
Mark R. Belgya: Alexia, it's Mark Belgya. In terms of managing really the couple percentage point volume decline we'd see, I think you're aware that we have actually delivered SD&A below our expectations for the first half of the year. I think early on in June, we said we were going to get about 10%, and average is probably closer to 6% right now. We'll probably be able to continue that trend of 6% to 7% year-over-year SD&A kind of growth. We're really spending a lot of time focusing on discretionary spending and identifying opportunities to help to manage that a bit. And that's where a good portion of it will come for the last 6 months.
Mark R. Belgya: Rob, it's Mark Belgya. Couple comments around Europe’s Best. And just to frame it, and I know you guys know most of this, but last year, we had an impairment charge in the third quarter and then the loss this quarter. In terms of impact on run rate, it really is not material. The sales for the business had decreased over the last year or 2, and so the sales takeout for the back half of the year will just not be material. We'll cover that through growth in existing Canadian business. So you'll see no additional commentary or impact. In terms of ways to potentially drive a little more EPS growth, in the scripted comments, we talked about we still have 2.5 million shares available under authorization. And I think we've been pretty true to our word that when appropriate, we'll go into the market and repurchase shares to help support the EPS. We have those shares there, and we will continue to look at opportunities to do that. And then again, as I mentioned, we will continue to look at the SD&A side. We feel comfortable about being able to reduce the overall or to grow it at a slower rate, I should say, and we'll just continue to challenge the team to find opportunities to do that. But I think those are the 2 or 3 triggers that may offer up some additional EPS outside of the normal business units.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, in terms of the free cash flow, you're basically seeing a trend that is pretty much the norm in the last couple -- our first half of the year, as you know, we have to build inventories in advance of a couple things. One is our Fall Bake and Holiday. One is in advance of the Atlantic hurricane season as it relates to coffee. Add to that, we're in the transition, as we've talked about, with the facilities in New Orleans, so we've actually built a little bit more coffee inventory to make that move smooth. Layer on top of all that the cost environment that we're dealing in. So that's why our inventory and our working capital use in the first half has been significant. That will turn just through the normal sell-through of Fall Bake and as well, we're going to actively try to manage down some of that inventory. Lower costs will certainly help as well. So you will see a big increase in cash from operations in the back half, particularly, probably in the third quarter. You'll have seen the same trend last year. And then again, I think looking at what we can do from an inventory perspective is the best way that we can sort of ramp up working capital and cash generation. And again, lower commodity cost will go a long way in helping that. But you will see a turn, and thus we feel good about the free cash flow number.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes, I really don't have much more to add. I think we're very, very pleased with where our volume is given the pricing actions that we've taken. There are some categories that we mentioned that are being challenged primarily from a competitive standpoint as opposed to a consumer takeaway perspective. So net-net, we feel very, very good at this point.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes, I would just add that the pricing action that we took in August, the price decrease is in good position relative to our coffee cost for the balance of the year. And so we would not anticipate any further action at this point.
Vincent C. Byrd: But again, we took that into account in the pricing action we took in August given our position at that time.
Vincent C. Byrd: Ken, this is Vince. I think it is fair to say if you look over the past 12 to 18 months when prices were escalating across all manufacturers, that there were some key categories, including some of ours, where pricing was not being fully reflected up or down. And I think that's fair when you even look at their results and in terms of their margin expectations. So I think that is a fair comment. At this particular point, net-net, I think we feel that our pricing is probably where it should be. There are a couple of exceptions to that, but it is a fair comment that your -- your point you're trying to make.
Vincent C. Byrd: Andrew, this is Vince. In a broad sense, yes, we do -- first of all, we manage the business for the long term and to grow gross profit dollars for the year. We know that from time to time, we're going to have a quarter based upon our position and what our pricing strategy is, those margins may fluctuate. As we look at the -- as Mark said and as we said it formally in the script, we feel very good that we'll be able to grow the gross profit dollars by the end of the fiscal year, and we're not coming off of that. We will have some quarter fluctuations, and last year's third quarter was a record quarter that we need to keep in mind. The other thing is as we said in the formal remarks in the second quarter, we had a $7 million hit on mark-to-market adjustment. So a lot of things going on and a lot of play. At the end of the day, we're managing towards the business for the long term to grow these gross profit dollars.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Chuck, this is Paul. First off, on oils, we are seeing an increase in some private label discounting, and it's primarily at some -- a few retailers, not across the board. And I think other than these key retailers, we're actually doing pretty well in the oils business. So we know it's a challenge. We'll be facing probably for a little bit ongoing, but overall, we feel pretty good about our business there. On the peanut side again, as you know, we feel very good about our peanut supply and our commitment going forward. And I think there is going to be a challenge for other peanut butter producers, but I think in our case, we're going to be in good shape.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes, Mike. This is Paul. On the peanut butter side, we did experience a little bit of the volume in the second quarter, but we implemented and mandated an allocation process by customer, and that really mitigated a lot of that buying. So we did see some -- a little bit of consumer hoarding, you could say. But it really wasn't that significant, and we'd anticipate some good growth going forward on peanut butter. As far as some of the other brands are concerned, again, we feel going through this fall bake time period, we're well positioned and feel good about where we are.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Mix will be favorable. We see some declines on the oil side. Flour, obviously, is probably going to be down. Peanut butter should be up.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Ken, this is Paul. I think the answer to that question is, again, we are in a mandatory allocation situation. That being said, we're able to supply the demand that we're primarily being requested on from a customer perspective. There are some customers that would like to have more always because of the current situation. But again, we feel very good with our position, what we've been able to supply and our supply going forward through the rest of this fiscal year, we feel very good about.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: I would again just say from our perspective, I think we're in very good shape, and our relationships we have with our peanut shellers are very good, and so I just comment that our supply is sound.
Mark T. Smucker: This is Mark Smucker. Just on coffee, I echo Richard's comments, I think very succinct there. I would say just on the private label side, that private label has seen some good growth in the nonmeasured channel. But again, I think where our pricing is and the activities that we have in place, we have been doing a pretty good job of managing the business through that.
Mark T. Smucker: Well, this is Mark Smucker again. First of all, I would say our K-Cup sales continue to outperform our expectations, and we feel that there is tremendous upside continuing in the segment. And frankly, we think that the new entry by Starbucks will actually help grow the category. So we think that long term, it's probably good for the category, and we're very confident that we can continue to grow in that area.
Mark T. Smucker: This is Mark Smucker, again. Thanks for the question. I think it really goes back to precisely what was in the script. As you know, we experienced very favorable margins in the first quarter, expected our highest costs in the second quarter and fortunately, costs have tapered off more or less as we expected. And we have reflected much of that in our August price increase. So going forward, just to reiterate I think what's been said before, costs will continue to moderate, but they will continue to be higher than last year in the third quarter and begin to continue that tapering effect in the fourth.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes, Farha, this is Mark Smucker. First of all, I think your question was around the instant sticks. That is not a Rowland related. That's a strictly Folgers branded product. That is essentially our Folgers instant in an individual serving. And in terms of the synergies, we would expect that they will be on track. The integration of the business has gone well, but really, the synergies will happen once we transition the operations to New Orleans from Miami. And as we've said, that is on a 2- to 4-year time frame from the time of the acquisition.
Mark T. Smucker: It's Mark here. Very little, if any. I think going back to what we've said previously, the Dunkin’ K-Cups that are being sold in their coffee shops again will help to grow the category, and we have not seen any impact on bag coffee sales.
Mark T. Smucker: As we've said I think in the past, we obviously value our partnership with Green Mountain. And at this point, we look at all of our opportunities. But at this point, we are holding firm with the brands that we currently are selling in the marketplace.
Kenneth Goldman: I just wanted to clarify your core operating guidance a bit better. If there were no loss on sale, if there were no mark-to-market charge in gain...
Kenneth Goldman: Okay, and then one more. One of your largest customers said yesterday it was not taking its food retail prices up nearly as quickly as its costs were rising. And then privately, speaking with some of that competitors' -- with that customers' competitors, they said these claims were overstated, that really no retailers were being particularly irrational now, that pricing across all the retailers was not -- and without naming names, of course, have you seen rational retail pricing behavior from all of your primary customers, or are any of them purposefully eating some margin in your opinion to attract more volume? Yes, I guess to me this is important because if retailers are willing to eat more margin, you and your -- and other manufacturers, right, they can take pricing and maybe not experience quite as much elasticity as you might have thought. Just curious how you're seeing that right now.
Kenneth Goldman: And as far as you can tell, are your competitors in anywhere in a particularly worse or better situation that you're in, without naming names again. But just I'm curious as you get into this situation more and more, what you're seeing there.
Steven T. Oakland: Farha, Steve. With regard to Sara Lee, we anticipate closing early in the calendar year and the synergies for that will start to happen similar to Rowland when we can, number one, put it on our systems; and number two, integrate the operations into New Orleans. We think the first will happen sort of midway through next fiscal year, and then the operations will happen sometime 12 to 36 months later. We'll have some detail on that later in -- probably, in this fiscal year, we'll have better plans that we can announce on that.
Steven T. Oakland: Andrew, Steve. The innovation agreement with Sara Lee is focused on foodservice, and we're excited about that because there's a pipeline of some great new equipment for us to bring to market in North America, but it's not limited. Obviously, no agreement is limited for the long term, but we're going to focus on foodservice. We're going to get to know each other. And if opportunities come up, as we go forward, we're going to take a look at those together, and there's a commitment on both sides to do that. But we're going to try to get it focused on getting this liquid business achieving the opportunities that we see in front of us for the liquid.
Steven T. Oakland: Sure. Eric, Steve. Let me try to address that, and Richard, if you have some thoughts. A couple key. If you look at it macro, okay? 2/3 of the coffee consumed in America, and in North America, is consumed away from home, okay? So it's a big universe. And we think it's important as the leader in North America to have our brands in those key segments, okay? And if you look at all the major competitors, they've got brands away from home, at the office, at home, okay? So if you look at that, the Sara Lee piece, we didn't buy the whole thing. We just bought a slice of that. We bought primarily their liquid coffee technology, which is that's where Douwe Egbert and the brands we've got there are clearly the leaders, right? And so there are segments of foodservice, candidly, they are very attractive. This deal gives us not just that technology, but it gives us a direct sales force, and E&S, equipment and service organization. It will allow us to pick and choose where we play. And what they didn't have and a lot of the foodservice folks don't have is a big brand. So we think those things combined will allow us to pick our spots. It's not an all-inclusive. We're not going after everything. We did not take the operations. So we're not saddled with capacity we have to fill like they had. We think it gives us a nice opportunity to pick those profitable segments and do it with technology, do it with brand.
Steven T. Oakland: Right. The plants we did not take are the roasting ground plants. We took their "state of the art" liquid coffee extract plant.
Steven T. Oakland: Eric, we think 2 things. We have a license agreement for Douwe Egbert that gives us plenty of room to transition the right brands. And as you know, we have the Folgers brand, the Millstone brand, the Bustelo brand. We've got brands that play in different segments, and they've got equipment that makes everything from a cappuccino and a latte to an iced coffee to a traditional long cup of coffee. So depending on where they are, if it's front of house unlimited lodging, if it's back of house in an upscale white tablecloth restaurant, we've got brands that fit those different segments. So I think it will be a variety of brands, and it will be the formula and the taste profile that meets the operators' needs and best reaches the consumer. So it will be all of those brands.
