Mark Belgya: So you are right. Marketing was up $20 million for the quarter and that was Ainsworth mostly and in coffee. What I would say is that of that $80 million you referenced, $50 million of that was specifically for PowerUps and 1850 that is still on target. We are trimming our overall marketing spend back a little bit but we’re still -- the good news is that we expected about 7.3% to 7.4% marketing to net sales and we’re going to be at just about that same relationship. So obviously, we've had some favorable spending as we pushed our spending programs across all disciplines and that’s helping and there is just some selective where we feel comfortable that we weren’t hurting any of the near-term growth.
Mark Belgya: Davem this is Mark Belgya, I'll start and then I will just look to Joe and to Dave and to Mark to ads, because I figured you'd have some follows up there, in particular and some of the language we had. So in terms to just dig buckets, we’re lowering -- if you went from where our original guidance was at 8.48, 65 and I recognized that you exclude the gain, but I will just -- if you don’t mind, I will include that in my conversations to reconcile that down. So if you take the tax impact and call that your rate anywhere from $0.17 to $0.19 and there we’ve mentioned litigation freight cost and the delay in the synergy, that’s all about $0.12 roughly. And then the decline in the sales of -- depending on what numbers, anywhere probably its $75 million to $100 million depend on your rounding, so those are the key drivers. If you look at the guidance in aggregate are resulting, if you take the low end going from $8.40 to $8. So in terms of the top line decline we’re going to obviously lose the margin from that sale. But we’re seeing favorable -- continued favorable extend across the company in excess of our plans that’s helping offset that softness a little bit. So that’s big picture of how do you go from an $8.40 to $8 and $8.65 to $8.20. You guys want to jump on some of the specifics.
Mark Belgya: I'll try to do this without taking the next hour. So let me just take a group back just a little bit on what we said publicly to hit ground and I will bring that competition forward. So we consistently, when we started talking about the disposition of the business being fully sold and we always said there's $25 million to $30 million pretax gain, which obviously that's where it landed, $27 million. When we were going through I think that all of this internally and externally just said, we were very focused with the pretax gains that we just applied nationally while we've been our effective tax rate at the time of, call it 24% to 25% and that's kind of how we landed at that EPS number that’s been discussed. So we go through the actual sale and get the actual recognition of the gain. And as we're going through the part, what we call the carve out, that's basically carving out the business for accounting purposes and zeroing out accounts and so forth, it came to life that based on our tax gain the taxes associated with that, our thinking was based upon prior transactions that that would also flow through deferred taxes and there would be no effect for effective tax rate. As it turns out there was a portion of the taxes that were not covered, if you will, by the deferred tax. And the accounting rule basically say that difference, which is the effectiveness you saw in tax rate needs to flow through our tax rate. So that's what caused it to go from 25% to 30% for the quarter. A couple, I think, key takeaways for those on the phone are as follow. There were no incremental dollars to the actual cash taxes paid, so we were using towards $65 million to $70 million estimate all along that hasn’t changed. We had to take the entire effect of the income tax change the rate through the quarter and the days of all we were able to smooth that over the year we couldn’t do that anymore. And perhaps the most important thing is that we expect all things being equal that next year we would expect it to go back to our normalized rate of 24.5%. So hopefully that helped -- and obviously entertain any other question you might have on it.
Mark Belgya: You are correct. And in all those three, I would say of those three probably where there might be a little bit more EBIT than you have assumed in your model, and would be in the consumer food and in peanut butter. And that we are having to lean in. We are seeing low private label pricing. But you are right in the coffee area, we've continue to see very favorable green coffee cost, which Joe has outlined and in Dave's area. The only under cost I would say that have increased or certainly haven't gone down as freight and that has a predominant hit to both coffee or to consumer I should say into pet. But generally, I think your thinking is right. But there's probably the freight cost and the effect of peanut butter that are -- I'm guessing are negatively affecting a little bit more than what may be modeled.
Mark Belgya: In terms of the net inflation, it's probably pretty modest, because as Mark suggested, we have had and we've said it since beginning the year, we expected cost increases across a whole variety of spend and on the input side on freight and those have continued to come to past. And I am guessing there's couple of percentage points but offsetting that has been coffee. And of course, we get an additional benefit as we reported this was our fourth quarter of our K-Cup contract benefit. So that also just if you look at the total cost is offsetting that. So it is pretty much a wash when you come to a net inflation deflection percentage, but it definitely skews unfavorable to consumer foods and to pet and positive to the coffee side.
Mark Belgya: Yes, it is timing but certainly there's some synergies that Dave mentioned, those are both G&A and COGS impacted just the way some of the costs are hitting and again the way we price, it's just more in Q4.
Mark Belgya: In terms of the legal expenses, I can't go into a lot on pending litigation, its litigation claims and settlement. As far as the amount that's our best estimate right now I'm sure you are aware of the continued liability accounting rules, but that's our best estimate of what's probable and estimateable. So I think we booked about $7 million currently.
Mark Belgya: So the 20% reduction in Q3, there is probably three or four things. So one is there is significant step in marketing in Q3, there is a step up in Q4 too but significantly in Q3. Because the third quarter was our heaviest baking period, we're losing a significant amount of profits from last year that obviously are going to repeat this year. And then we're also seeing the impact of both the freight cost and cost higher cost in general. And then last year, the tax rate was at normally low, because that's when we booked our initial tax reform. So I think it was, I recall it's even under 20%, so that's through the key driver. As you flip it then to Q4 what we're going to see, although, the marketing expense is still going to be up, I think to Dave's point, we're going to see a lot of his innovation come to market in Q4 will benefit from that from the other innovations obviously are picking up some ramp-up Jif, PowerUps, and 1850s are probably the key drivers there. I think the cost would have settle up, so I think as I just said earlier in the margin that the heaviest cost hit is more Q3 year-over-year versus Q4 year-over-year.
Mark Belgya: Let me spin it a little different way and see if this answers your question. So we took -- if you just go from the low end to low end, we went from $770 million to $700 million. We are paying about $70 million in cash taxes, and just bare with me here a second. When we talked about free cash flow last quarter, we obviously hadn’t closed the transaction yet. So what we reported to you on that $775 million to $825 million did not have cash taxes coming out. What we did do is we deducted that from the proceeds. And if you go back and look at what we have said, we have proceeds of about $310 million. As we went ahead and the way it's played in our financial statements that taxes will actually fold through cash from operations, which free cash flow. So that's the key drivers is the $70 million. If you layer in then the decline in earnings guidance that takes you down I don’t know call it another $20 million or $30 million. And then we are seeing positive benefit of working capital that brings us back-up to get down to that roughly net $70 million reduction. I hope that helps you.
Mark Belgya: Just one other things to add to Joe's comment, I agree with what Joe saying is that. Where we've seen over the years as we've been in coffee for last decade irrational is where green was. And green is just such a much smaller percentage of the input cost on K-Cup and single serve. So the availability and the ability to do that type of pricing is just not there but it's certainly up for an extended period of time.
Mark Belgya: Pam, this is Mark Belgya here. I think though when we make the commentary about front-end loaded, that was sort of a year-over-year commentary. I think the margins that Joe and the team are showing. I mean we consistently say we are going over -- beat the 30% plus segment profit and I think that's still the intention for the rest of the year.
Mark Belgya: We are on track for the $80 million. Just to be clear, that was not all RIGHT SPEND. That was a series of projects. RIGHT SPEND is probably the largest single component of that and I think it was in one of our scripted comments that we're actually trending above or favorable to that RIGHT SPEND portion.
Joe Stanziano: On coffee as we said earlier, the net price realization with just the competitive activity in the market that’s really reflecting the loss of that top line but as Mark Smucker mentioned earlier in his script, not impacting our margins at all.
Joe Stanziano: I would say we’re always ensuring whenever we go in for a reset with a customers that we’re bringing our thoughts on what's good for the category, what’s good for the consumer, what’s good for our portfolio. So there are always put and takes that some of those timing depending on key customers some had happened earlier in the summer as we go into next year. We will continue to bring the same mindset to every customer, and I think that’s what they rely on us for is to be coming in with a very category specific mindset and recommendations that are going to help absolutely our business but help the whole category, grow the category.
Joe Stanziano: I don’t want to speak for all the categories. But I would just say I'm not -- I don’t have what you're looking at maybe right in front of me. But I think some of the way that pricing measurement is reported could be depending on whether that's everyday versus promotional, some of our investment maybe is going more toward the promotion. So again, I think overall there is some lag there but depending how the retailer reflects that on shelf and how IRI picks that up that can be the differences there.
Joe Stanziano: On the coffee outlook I would say where we thought we would be at this point and the year doesn't change. I mean I think we talked about the coffee margin was frontloaded in first and second quarter and you can see that as we sit here today. We're still confident with where we're going to end-up the year where we thought. Again, I think it's just the net sales realization due to adjustments on our investment in trade based on competitive pricing has impacted that top line a little bit. We still hope to come in slightly above where we were last year from a net sales perspective.
Joe Stanziano: John, on one cup, I think we've talked about it and you can see what our brands are doing and we felt very confident about how our growth looks across all of our K-Cup brands. From our perspective that contract really help us reset our pricing and has given us the ability to continue to drive growth at more category or consistent margins with the rest of the portfolio. Clearly, private label continues to grow. We’re seeing growth, especially from a price per unit with some sizing in the segment. And I would expect to continue to see that happen. But obviously, when we talked about the coffee commodity cost impacting one cup is very -- is minor compared to the other forms in the category.
Joe Stanziano: I don’t know. I wouldn’t agree with that. There's more rational pricing in one cup. Over the years, we seem some irrational pricing in all segments. I would say, actually, there has been sharper pricing in one cup. But I wouldn't call it rational. I don’t expect that to get more irrational going forward.
Joe Stanziano: Yes. Pamela, it's Joe. I would say consistent with what we've seen the rest of the year, we know that coffee futures continue to be volatile. We've seen competitors make investments, we've made investments. We would expect that, but again we feel very confident with where we are today with our price and promotion strategy for the rest of the year. And yes, as I reiterated earlier, our plan from a margin perspective was front loaded this year so the back half I think will be down slightly.
Joe Stanziano: I'm kidding. As Mark said in his opening comments, we continue to be very pleased. We saw velocities improve this quarter. With continued efforts, we saw both trial and repeat rates improve. Our consumption run rate is now above $1 million per week at retail. So again, all the -- all the key metrics we're watching very closely continue to improve. We've said it once, we'll say it again. This is a long-term project. We're going to continue to stay in it. We have continued support for the back half of the year. We've got some good merchandising even over the next couple of months that we're excited about as we're in the highest coffee consumption time period and the incrementality continues to be better than what we expected before -- before the launch. So, we're pleased. We'll continue to support and we'll continue to learn and adjust as we need both for our customers at retail and our consumers.
David Lemmon: The distribution gains that we'll get from the innovation is in our number. We are confident that we will hit the $800 million. There is timing associated with the backend loading of innovation. But we still feel confident that will hit 800 million. If you look across the business, we've got a ton of innovation coming, we still got lots of white space opportunity in dog, cat and trees and we feel confident that we'll hit the $800 million.
David Lemmon: We’re seeing e-com is up about 45% to 50% similar to last quarter and we're keeping pace with that growth.
David Lemmon: To answer your first question on Petco, the exposure that we see is in around 8% of Petco sales are done through brands that will no longer be supported by them. I would say that we are going to offset all that and more through our innovation and new distribution launches that we have coming-up later in the fiscal. And I would say that you can't discount our brand strength, and consumers will potentially leave the store and shop elsewhere for those brands that they know and love. So that's what I would say with regards to Petco. With regards to Nature's Recipe, we're experiencing 15% growth on that brand. We see no impact from Nutro. We've got True Treats coming to market, as well as some innovation on food. So all is good on Nature's Recipe and we see limited interaction with Nutro.
David Lemmon: No, we won’t see there is any margin pressure coming in pet. Yes, there is channel shifting going on and that’s common. I would say that we have major levers that we will pull as we continue on the business both synergies being the first one, which will deliver margin. Our pricing we led on snacks. We will follow on food quickly if we see it take place in the marketplace. And we've got a bunch of levers that we're pulling from the supply chain network optimization, making sure that we have the most efficient network. We're doing some design to value and value engineering work from a formula perspective. And then rate spend obviously continues on the business and we expect to yield better margins for that moving forward.
David Lemmon: And then just on the Petco situation, I think that other retailers will take a wait and see approach with Petco. We’re already seeing it in some in the pet stores taking a similar approach for Petco following them actually. And I would just say that there is a large consumer base there that is buying many products that are not meeting Petco standard and they will decide, not the stores will decide, where and what they buy.
Mark Smucker: Andrew, its Mark thanks for the question. So as I said at Investor Day, we've got to stick to our gun.  Obviously, we came out pretty strongly in support of this increase in marketing, getting back to historical levels, staying in that 6% to 8% of net sales range, which Mark earlier highlighted that even with some modest trimming this year, we’re still going to be right -- in terms of percent of net sales will be right where we expected to be. I would highlight, and I am going to actually ask Tina to make couple of comments that again as Mark mentioned where we felt that we could get some productivity gains, there may have been some opportunities where we didn’t need to spend some dollar on Uncrustables specifically, that growth continues and we have not needed to accelerate some of the marketing spend that we thought we would. So I would submit to you that we have not cut any of the core marketing programs that we had intended to, it's more trimming across the variety of areas, but not I think any of our core programs.
Mark Smucker: Chris, this is Mark Smucker. I am just going to start real quick and then pass it over to Mark. I think what is a little unique about our business versus some of the rest in the industry as we are seeing inflation in many categories we are starting to see some inflation in pet as we commented in the prepared comments. But you’re corrected in coffee and to a less degree and to some degree in consumer, we’re still seeing some deflation. And so I can turn it over to Mark to just comment generally on the net effect. But I think that does make us a little unique. What I don’t think has changed is that we will continue to pass along cost up or down to the end consumer. And so that has not changed and again we use multiple levers. I think what you’ve seen in both coffee and peanut butter of late and then probably for the back half is there we will be using the trade lever to a degree, and so that’s one way we manage it.
Mark Smucker: So there is two things, one is just the absolute increase that came from the Ainsworth acquisition. So that’s component of it. The second thing and I’m guessing -- I’m not sure exactly with your point comparison, but if you compare fact to the end of the fiscal year, you have to look at the last month of each quarter. So the last month of the second quarter are -- October is a big sales month if you look at the end of obviously the fourth quarter of last year, it was a smaller so it's just the incremental increase in sales dollar. Most of those receivables are still outstanding at the end of the month.
Mark Smucker: Rob, its Mark Smucker I'll start and then ask the team if they have any color or commentary. So you are correct. It is a competitive environment. You are also correct that as we manage through those environment, making sure that price caps are right and our goal is to protect profit dollar profit. Obviously, margins are important too but we really are focused on dollar profit. And as you've seen so far this year, we've been successful in doing that. We continue to believe philosophically that the right thing to do is not only be competitive but to pass through up or down cost to the end consumer. And so that will continue to be our focus. But I do think at the end of the day we are focused again on making sure that we can sustain and ultimately grow our dollar profit.
Mark Smucker: I would add -- Rob, this is Mark Smucker again. Just as an example without naming any specific customers, we do have one of our largest customers that is in the process going through resets and actually our core folders been this is more than likely going to regain some lost shelf space that they had previously lost. And I think the customer recognize that it probably wasn’t the right decision. And so we’re actually going to regaining some space on the core at that particular customer. So to Joe's point, we have to go in taking in an approach that we’re doing what’s right for the entire category. And to the extent that we can do that, we feel that both the customers and our business will ultimately benefit.
Mark Smucker: You're right, it absolutely is offensive. At the end of the day, we got to do what's right for our brand and making sure that the long-term health of the brand is there is really what it's all about. And so I would submit to you that we were one of the very first companies to publicly talk about a step-up in marketing. And whether or not some of our peers our competitors are doing the same thing, I think points to the fact that's it's probably the right thing to do across the board. As you know, there has been some erosion of brand equity just generally speaking in the industry. But in our own case, that is also true. And so we need to make sure that we're fully engaged with the consumer as we said at Investor Day and so the step-up in marketing is absolutely offensive. If you think about -- when you look at traditional MMA analyses $1 spent on marketing, typically has a markedly higher return over than $1 spent on trade. Yet, that return tends to be a longer burn. So the return timeframe maybe longer, it’s not an instant hit but that’s the reason why we have to stick to our guns and continue to support our brands over the long-term, and we should see our equities our awareness and all of those measures similarly rise.
Mark Smucker: The latter part of your question believe that as well that it's done right. The cost of growth overtime should be more efficient. As it relates to the offensive comment, Akshay, these investments in our brands are ultimately aimed at building loyalty. And as when you can build loyalty, you build repeat purchase and when you build repeat purchase ultimately you’re going to improve share, so absolutely. And then the cost of incremental sales part of your question that has been true over the last few years in terms of trade dollars that there has been more trade and in certain categories you have seen more trade dollars aren’t getting the incremental lift that they say previously had, therefore, justifying a return to investing in our brands.
Mark Smucker: Scott, this is Mark Smucker. So first of all, we are wholeheartedly committed to our strategy and one of the reasons why Uncrustables has been performing as well as it has in some of the consumption of peanut butter and jelly has or is shifting to ready pre-made sandwiches. And so we kind of consider ourselves lucky and smart that we are in that business because clearly as the consumer doesn't make PB&J in the morning, they might default to that. So, clearly that is on strategy. As it relates to coffee, same thing. We accelerated the growth of our one cup business, that has overdelivered this quarter. And then pet as well making -- in every category shifting our portfolio to where the growth is and I would point to the fact that we had some questions in the last few quarters about Nutrish and its ability to co-exist with Nature's Recipe and as you've seen from the results, they are doing -- they're both doing very well and they both serve a unique need. And so in each category we are executing our strategy, making sure that we're supporting where the growth is, and consistently following through. As it relates to innovation, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, these are multi-year efforts. We talked of a year or two ago about fewer bigger bets. This is the beginning of that, you're seeing those efforts come to fruition, but as we're launching platforms. I would submit to you as you look across the industry the amount of investment that we're making against a new platform is not unusual or significantly higher than you might see elsewhere in the industry. So we think we're pretty consistent there, but it does require us to maintain that investment for some period to flesh out, to fill out those product lines so that they continue to gain a presence on shelf and so we've got to continue to do those things. So to the extent that we can continue to follow through on our strategy, we have a tremendous amount of confidence that we'll be successful.
Mark Smucker: Thank you. Just want to reiterate. First of all, thank you to all of you for taking the time today to listen in. And wanted to just comment despite some of the unforeseens this quarter, the businesses are performing as expected. We see from our lens that our strategy is working. I commented on Nature's Recipe and Nutrish co-existing, the fact that our Folgers brand the decline was very modest, our innovation is performing, our growth brands are growing. So from our perspective, it is about sticking to our guns, making sure that we continue to support those things. And again just thank you, our investors, for the questions today. I personally felt like it was a productive dialog. Your questions were welcome and it felt like a continuation of our Investor Day from a couple of months ago. So, just wanted to thank you all for that. And then of course to thank our employees because they are the company, they are the people that make this happen every day, and so just wanted to acknowledge their support and dedication. And have -- all of you have a great day and a Happy Holiday.
