Richard K. Smucker: Thank you, Sonal, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on this call. I also look forward to seeing most of you next week at CAGNY. We entered the important holiday season positioned for growth in many of our categories and are pleased with the continued momentum that we've seen in our company. We've -- our proven strategy of generating growth through brand building, innovation, acquisitions and productivity initiatives allowed us to deliver another quarter of sales gains and strong earnings growth. Let me summarize some of the key highlights of the quarter. Net sales increased 6% led by our strategic growth drivers of acquisitions and product innovation. Looking briefly at our 3 segments. Coffee volume increased slightly in the quarter due to the strong performance of K-Cups. The Cafe Bustelo and Pilon brands also achieved double-digit growth during the quarter. And Folgers was modestly impacted by the canister constraint we discussed last quarter. Consumer Foods net sales were up 4% as a result of increases for this Jif and the Smucker brands. Overall, reported volume declined slightly but was up 1% excluding the impact of the cake downsizing and some planned rationalization. Finally, our International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment achieved significant sales growth, reflecting a full quarter's contribution from last year's foodservice coffee acquisition. In addition, continued growth in natural beverages and a favorable sales mix also contributed to their results. Non-GAAP earnings per share grew 20% driven by 3 main factors: first, a substantial increase in coffee segment profit, reflecting the timing of lower commodity cost; second, profit growth across the International, Foodservice and Natural Food segment and the impact of the share repurchases over the last 12 months; lastly, cash from operations continued to be strong in the quarter and increased to $684 million from the first 9 months of the year, an increase of 46%. During the third quarter, we completed our important Fall Bake and Holiday period. With a combination of solid merchandising programs and pricing insights gained from last year's holiday season, we are pleased with the execution of our promotional strategies. And while certain categories performed better than others, we were encouraged by the results and view the holiday period as a success. As we look ahead, we are cautiously optimistic as to the economic environment. We are encouraged by stronger food and beverage industry demand, including total edible volume trends as measured by SymphonyIRI. These have improved sequentially from the 52- to the 12- to the 4-week period. We have seen a similar pattern with our consumer takeaway trends improving over these same periods. We are further encouraged by our ongoing investments in our brands and our businesses. We expect to introduce approximately 19 new products this year. Our New Orleans coffee supply chain initiatives were completed this quarter, and our food spread product -- project remains on track and on budget. We look forward to sharing many of the details with you, including several new product launches planned for this year, when we present at the CAGNY conference next week. In summary, we had a record performance in our third quarter and our year-to-date results. This reflects a continued commitment to our long-term strategy of strengthening our leading food brands and our ability to execute. We believe that we are well positioned as we look ahead. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Vince for an update on our business segments.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, sure. Eric, this is Richard. Your answer was really right. We haven't seen it in our categories this year. We actually saw it the prior year, but not this year in the categories that we're in. Now I'm not -- I can't speak to their categories, maybe the retailers have some de-loading on their categories, but we did not see it this year.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. A couple of things. One is we are actually seeing the consumer being a little more confident and therefore spending a little more. If you look at the actual numbers for the last 4 weeks, the industry was up about 2.8% in tonnage, which is one of the biggest increases we've seen in a 4-week period. And we're trending that way also. Also our pricing actions. Last year, we thought some of our pricing points were not where they should be versus our competition and we did a lot to adjust that in the last 12 months or so, and that has certainly helped our volume.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, this is Richard again. We -- I can't say we have seen brand opportunities come to market in the last few weeks, but certainly there is more activity in almost every industry. You look at the low cost of interest today, people could go out and borrow really low rates and put that money to work. So we're going to -- we're expecting to see more M&A activity. We think that's positive for us because that helps us -- has helped shake brands loose when those transactions take place. So we see that as a positive for our long-term acquisition strategy.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard again. We always look at that, although right now we're pretty comfortable with the categories that we have and the brands that we have. That doesn't mean we'll never make a transaction if it makes sense. But right now, we feel pretty comfortable. We'd rather add than detract from our brands. So hopefully, we'd have an acquisition sooner than we'd have a divestiture.
Richard K. Smucker: The only thing I'll add is that the third quarter was an easier comparison than the last year's fourth quarter which is a very strong quarter, so you have that to consider also. But basically, the fundamentals of the business, the trends, are very good.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, that's a very good question, Andrew. And as you know our history and our heritage -- and we do take a long-term view. And we think that's right for our industry. We think it's right for the economy. But that being considered, we live in a changing world and a dynamic market, which there's a lot more emphasis on short-term goals and short-term structures. That's why we always talk about why it's more important to think to the long-term, because you can make a quick hit on return, but -- for one quarter, but we think for example at Smucker's, if you hold a share of Smucker's stock for 5 years, you're going to make much more money on Smucker's over the long-term than if you just took a premium on a very short period of time. So we think the industry is changing. We think the dynamics are changing. But we also think that our strategy of taking a long-term view at Smucker's and using this is an opportunity to take advantage of this change in the marketplace, we will see some brands come to the market because of these changes, and we think that bodes well for our company. So we're going to continue to do what we're doing. If you look at our returns over -- since we went public, some 55 years ago, I think our average return's 11% over that period of time, and that's true whether you look at a 5-, 10-, 15-, 20-, 25-year period of time. So we would rather see a long-term growth rate of 11% a year than get a quick hit for 20% in 1 quarter.
Richard K. Smucker: That -- it's Richard. Not significantly, because I think everybody has tried to take their inventory levels down and keep them at that lower level. So it's not like they took them down the prior year and then all of a sudden went up 10% this year. They took them down and they kept them at those levels. So but we haven't seen another leveling effect.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, want to thank everybody for being on the call today. We feel good about our results and more -- even better about our future and look forward to seeing everybody next week at CAGNY.
Mark R. Belgya: Thank you, Vince. Net sales increased $92 million or 6% in the third quarter, primarily driven by the 2 months' additional contribution of the foodservice coffee business acquired last January. Sales mix continued to be favorable in the quarter, reflecting volume growth in K-Cups and peanut butter. This helped to offset slightly lower overall volume and net pricing. GAAP earnings per share were $1.42 this quarter and $1.03 in the third quarter of last year. Special project costs as defined in our press release and reflected in GAAP earnings once again declined on a year-over-year basis as the underlying restructuring activities wind down. Excluding these costs, earnings per share were $1.47 this quarter and $1.22 in last year's third quarter, an increase of 20%. Operating income, excluding special project cost, increased $33 million or 14% for the quarter, reflecting a $59 million increase in gross profit. Overall commodity costs were lower in the current quarter compared to the prior year, as declines in green coffee were only partially offset by higher cost for peanuts. In addition, the profit contribution from the acquired foodservice business and mix contributed to the increase in gross profit. SD&A expenses were up 12% in the quarter. This reflects higher G&A expenses, primarily driven by increased incentive compensation and employee benefit costs. Marketing expense was also up in the quarter. For the full year, we now expect a low double-digit increase in marketing expense. While lower than our initial estimate, we remain comfortable with this level of spending, as we have consistently been on air supporting our key brands with TV advertising and continue to increase our digital marketing activities. The effective income tax rate was 34.1% in the third quarter, bringing the rate for the first 9 months to 33.8%. We now anticipate the full year effective tax rate will approximate 34%. Turning to cash flow. Cash provided by operations was $324 million in the third quarter, bringing the full year total to $684 million. This compares to $469 million through the first 9 months of last year. The increase reflects the higher current year income and a net decrease in working capital among other factors. Capital expenditures were $48 million in the quarter, for a year-to-date total of $147 million. We now expect a full year spend of approximately $205 million to $215 million. Let me conclude by updating our full year net sales and EPS outlook for 2013. We now anticipate annual net sales to increase over 6% compared to 2012. Volume for the fourth quarter's expected to be flat with the prior year. Additionally, any impact of anticipated pricing actions for coffee are factored into this guidance. We are bringing up the bottom end of our previous guidance range for non-GAAP income per diluted share and now expect it to be in a range of $5.17 to $5.22. We're cautiously optimistic in achieving the high end of this range. Our guidance is based on approximately 109.2 million weighted average shares outstanding for the purpose of calculating annual EPS. No shares were repurchased during the quarter and as such, the number of current shares outstanding remain at 108.5 million. Last month, our board increased the company's share repurchase authorization by 5 million common shares, bringing the total currently authorized to approximately 6.9 million. And lastly, with 9 months behind us, we continue to project free cash flow will exceed $650 million for the full year. In closing, let me reiterate that we are pleased with our performance through the 9 months of 2013, which reflects our focus on the 5 key priorities Vince spoke to earlier. We would like to thank all our employees for their dedicated efforts as we track towards delivering a record year of sales and earnings. With that, we will open up the calls to your questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Mark R. Belgya: Eric, this is Mark Belgya, just to add to that. We have not defined of the total $70 million that we've assigned to the overall restructuring, no, we've not went in to how much is coffee, how much is food spreads. But as Mark suggested, most of the savings have come through for coffee. There probably a little bit of a spillover, but most of those will be realized by year's end.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. This is Mark. Yes. The most specific item was -- and we -- it was in my comments, it was around incentive compensation. As you know, our original guidance this year, we had it $5 to $5.10 and of course, we've taken it up for a second time. So we're running ahead of where we expected. Conversely, last year, it was sort of the opposite situation. So that range of adjustment to incentive-based compensation was the primary driver.
Mark R. Belgya: Farha, this is Mark Belgya. We've talked historically for transactions sort of that 7 to 10, 8 to 10 times EBITDA. Obviously, some of the transactions that have occurred recently in the food spaces, run north of that. I think it just reinforces the importance of strong brands. So I think you have followed us a while and understand our diligence as we look at brands, and we still think that's a reasonable range. We'll continue to challenge ourselves, particularly when we're looking at strong brands. But we realize that right now you're seeing some higher multiples and that may play out. But we still -- I think as Richard mentioned, we're still very comfortable with our acquisition strategy long-term.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. Akshay, this is Mark Belgya. A couple of things. First of all, I think we have -- the last couple of quarters we've been pretty specific in our discussions around where we are in terms of the long-term peanut costs, so we think that, that will have some effect in the fourth quarter. Overall, commodity costs of coffee are stabilizing as well. We still expect a very strong gross profit margin percent, but we see those 2 things sort of affecting the gross profit side of things. In terms of the SD&A, I think, as Ed and I mentioned earlier on the call, the dollars were up in absolute measures for the quarter. That level of spending for the most part is a bit of a fixed overhead amount. So because the fourth quarter top line is a smaller dollar amount versus the second and third quarter, SD&A as a percent will be up as well. So -- and then the tax rate, of course, we're expecting to be a little higher and sort of below the line. So in summary, I'd say it's just 3 or 4 things that are probably driving our guidance. So Rich, I don't know if you have any...
Mark R. Belgya: Well, I think it's basically the effect of potential pricing, it's the biggest play on that. We mentioned also that volume is going to be flat year-over-year, which I think might be down just a bit from what we directed on the previous quarter. And then we're going to continue our exit of the private label roast and ground, so a combination of all 3 of those.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, Chris, what I'd say is that pricing was basically down 1 point, mix was up plus 4%, acquisition would be plus 4% and then volume was down 1%, that's how we would get to the 6% growth.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, the promotional spending I don't think is significantly different to what we were expecting. I think just to be clear, we talk about promotions as sort of trade spend versus marketing. And then just on marketing, even though we are projecting sort of low double-digit versus the 20% for the year, we do think marketing will be up for the company in the fourth quarter pretty significantly.
Mark R. Belgya: I'll start and then anyone jump in, please. I think, as I said in my prepared comments, we put 20% out at the beginning of the year and that was based upon the Sara Lee, obviously, incremental base growth on our marketing and then the reclassification of what was treated the [ph] last year back into marketing. And as we went through the year, we're quite pleased with our on-air activity, all our brands are being supported. Obviously, as you go through things, some of it is just due to efficient spending, quite honestly, and we'd bee able to recognize that through the year. But if anyone else wants to comment on the quality and the amount we're on-air, but we feel pretty good about it.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. This is Mark Belgya, David. Yes, that's right. I mean, obviously, with -- K-Cups contributed an incremental $30 million, you can do the math on the contribution. But the cost or price -- the cost and price to position to that probably was the bigger contributor.
Vincent C. Byrd: Eric, this is Vince, and that's correct. And I would also say that there was some compensation from our supplier that helped to offset that.
Vincent C. Byrd: This is Vince. I guess I would add a couple of points. First of all, specifically, it is playing out. There have been some quality-related issues with the unlicensed participants that probably are affecting those results. And then I think the other thing we need to keep in mind is as the stores continue to expand their shelf space, obviously, we hope that we're growing the overall pie, but I think there will also be a continual shift of how much of those K-Cups are purchased through what we would call traditional retail channels.
Vincent C. Byrd: This is Vince. I think it's playing out as exactly as we had anticipated. There are basically 3 tiers of pricing. And we sit in the middle of those tiers. And we're -- the unlicensed participants are about where we expected them to be. So it'll ultimately probably be a 3-tier pricing category.
Vincent C. Byrd: So this is Vince. So I would comment that, philosophically, we believe that we have to be the supporter of our brands and the categories. And you know we've talked historically about we have a greater share of our voice in most cases than our share of market. So we support our brands in those categories for the long-term. We just think that's the right thing to do. Now in any one quarter or any one fiscal year, the presidents all have levers that they can pull if they need to be sharper on price points or not necessarily. And so we at time to time can shift funds from marketing to trade, if need be, but that's not the case. And as you look at the entire year, where our marketing investments are going to go up. But we haven't reached a point of saturation, if that's your question. If you reach a point of we're out of any TV commercials, we obviously produce more and continue to support those brands.
Vincent C. Byrd: We think they were in line, and we saw better consumption than last year's third quarter when you look at sort of our key brands and products. And it's back to some of our better pricing and narrowing price gaps. But no, we would not say that those are out of line during the quarter.
Mark T. Smucker: Sure, Eric. This is Mark Smucker. The supply chain optimization project in coffee is essentially complete. And the savings that we expected to realize, we have realized, and we are basically through that project.
Mark T. Smucker: Sure, Alexia. This is Mark Smucker. Yes, I would say, generally, the category is very competitive right now. And we are, again, competing in all tiers of that segment, if you will. We are, of course, pleased with the results that we've seen for the year. And I think as both Richard and Vince mentioned in the formal remarks, we're encouraged by the latest 4-week trends. Obviously, it's only 4 weeks, but we're encouraged to see that some of that consumer takeaway is picking up a little bit, and so we believe that, that bodes well for the Dunkin' brand.
Mark T. Smucker: This is Mark Smucker again. I would say it's played out generally as we expected. We talked in the last couple of quarters about the deceleration of the growth, and that has been more or less as we've expected. As you can imagine, there are more players in the category than there were, say, 1 quarter ago. And -- but really, we've held our share. If you look at our dollar share on K-Cup versus the prior quarter, although we may be down slightly on the year-over-year, versus the prior quarter we're actually up slightly. So bottom line, we're very pleased with the -- with our results there. And we think that the category is still trying to settle out in how that will affect the total business going forward.
Mark T. Smucker: Okay. Akshay, this is Mark Smucker. I think you'll see next week at CAGNY, we'll comment a little bit more on this. But generally speaking, premium is growing as, of course, K-Cup is growing and mainstream will probably have modest declines going forward. But our goal of course is to continue to play in those segments. And if a segment is experiencing a modest decline, we want to make sure that we are holding or growing our share.
Mark T. Smucker: David, this is Mark Smucker. We do think it's -- there's significant growth potential in K-Cup. It's -- we believe that it's here to stay. We think Green Mountain has done a great job with the system. I probably wouldn't give a longer term number, but I do think that we continue to see significant upside. Even as we're seeing the growth decelerate, we still think with new entrants, whether they are licensed or unlicensed, that is going to grow the category. And we just need to make sure that we continue to, as we grow the pie, that we continue to maintain or grow our share of it.
Mark T. Smucker: I think we've said in the past and it still holds true that the margins in K-Cups are more or less in line with our total coffee business. And our goal again is to continue to grow profit dollars, not necessarily margin.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes. I think in the script, we talked a little bit about just the timing recall of our price decline in the beginning of the year was ahead of the moderating green coffee costs. So it really is timing-related as we realized coffee cost versus what our pricing is in the market.
Mark T. Smucker: Ken, this is Mark. Just to clarify a point in your question, I think you said the mix volume was combined. It's not actually. Mix was actually a plus 4 and volume was down negative 1.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes. Ken, this is Mark. We really don't disclose it for a reason. It's just because of the time-phase nature of it, it's not something that is readily known at any given time. So thus, we don't like to speculate on it.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Alexia, this is Paul Wagstaff, and we had a decent Fall Bake for Crisco. We were not participating in one of our key retailers, our largest key retailer, in the Fall Bake. But that being said, we were able to grow the business by 1%. So we feel it's pretty decent.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Ann, this is Paul Wagstaff. And, no, I don't think there's any strategy change from our perspective, we respect Hormel very much. They seem to be a very good manager of brands and we would hope to see that continue. So we feel no change in our strategy.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: John, this is Paul Wagstaff. And when we -- we see ourselves -- we're the leader in the peanut butter category and we felt that taking the 10% price decline which we did effective January 7, was the right time to do that for the category and to continue to see the growth that we are experiencing. So we felt it was the right appropriate time. Our competition did follow, which made sense, and we typically do lead pricing increases or declines. So overall, we feel it was the right thing to do, right timing, and we feel positioned well for ongoing growth.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes. John, again, Paul here. Our canned milk business, we had a little bit of a struggle overall for the Fall Bake time period. Some of that is due to the fact that we aren't seeing as much of the baking that's taking place with canned milk. That being said, we have done some things on the pricing side to get a little more competitive with our competition that we've seen, and we are very well aware of the high dairy cost. We don't see the dairy cost coming down anytime soon or at least significantly anytime soon. So that will be something we'll be working on into next year.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes. Jason, Paul here. We have -- again, I think the answer is yes. We will be -- where we are priced to now really ties in with where our cost in peanuts are, and that will go into next fiscal year.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: It will be. Going forward, it will be. That's correct. We've leaned into it a little bit, but going forward into next fiscal year, we are aligned -- our pricing will be aligned with our cost.
