Steve Oakland: Sure, hi, David, Steven Oakland. To really think about our single-serve business this quarter and the journey we're on, we'll go back to maybe the data we show that back-to-school, that’s the first time we showed graphically. We broke down our coffee business and how it breaks down across the different segment with how the category breaks down, and if you remember our one cup business was in that high 20s, maybe 25% to 27% at the time. And category was a high 30s, 37% at the time. So, we knew that that was the biggest opportunity in front of us. Yes, there is also growth in premium coffee et cetera, but the most important thing for us was to position ourselves in that category. So one quarter in, we saw our growth rates for the quarter were about double with the category group for the quarter, driven by Dunkin' because that’s our biggest business clearly, but great growth in Bustelo. So our Bustelo brand continues to grow and really, we're pleased by mid-single digit growth on Folgers, our legacy business. So I think the contract, we talked a lot about and you mentioned advantage, I don’t that its advantage, I think it's much more competitive today and much more advance compared to how we were. I talked a lot about pricing, yes, our economics are better but our access is better. What I mean by that is we have more pack sizes, we're unrestricted and unbound as far as channel, as far as customers, as far as how many items and we put that in either given channel or given customer. So I think when you combine all of those things, the strength of the brand. And quite frankly, we've had some retailers get behind the platform over the holiday season. We saw that growth. So all of those things together we think led to a growth that about double the category and I will expect that they continue into the next quarter.
Steve Oakland: Hi, Ken, it's Steve. I'll start. With regard to freight, it is difficult to pass freight because it isn't -- we can't predict it. And if you have to get a spot load today, you’re going to pay significantly more than we pay for a contracted load. So when we get into a situation where we're moving freight between the manufacturing location and between one of our DCs or a customer brings some order up quicker than we had planned, and we go to our spot freight system, that’s a sort of a place for all of us for years, right. Well, those charges are coming in at a multiple what they used to be. So for us to even be able to tell you what that next load is going to cost, is sometimes impossible, depending on how busy the link. So the key there is that we keep it on our contracted carriers, we keep it in our -- we keep our forecasting system with the customer as tight as we can, so we could plan on that distribution. That this doesn’t happen, I mean, the customer comes to us with a special request, we have something breakdown or something goes wrong, and we have to move to a load spot. I know it doesn’t sound like a lot, but it's really difficult. The trucking industry right now is pretty tight. So a spot low is a very difficult to do. So that’s a freight issue. And with regard to customer, I wouldn’t say so, I think we saw an environment over the last year or the larger retailers took the hard discounters very seriously, they make some strong positioning statements around certain key categories, I think they've been very aggressively. But I wouldn't suggest that anything in the quarter or anything in our outlook reflects more difficultly with the customer. I think we have a pretty good sense, so there's probably going to be a tiny bit of inflation as we go forward in some of our raw materials and I think freight is going to be something that the industry looks for the near-term.
Steve Oakland: Hi, Scott, this is Steve. I think there is a great example of what Mark mentioned and enroll the brand. When there are times when there are -- when our cost structures right, when things are right, and you may see volume declined on some businesses, as you'll see the overall segments that those businesses operate in performed pretty well. I mean our consumer foods business did really well, and we had great numbers on Jiff, great numbers on fruit spreads, we can forecast on Uncrustables. Well, that had to comfort somewhere and it came from our baking business, right. So, there are times when some of these businesses are managed for profit, they may have the opportunity to grow with times, and we'll take those opportunities. And there'll be other times when we take the opportunity for them to generate fuel and this was one of those types.
Steve Oakland: Let me -- Jason, I will try to do that for you. This is Steve Oakland. I would say it's all of those things. We talk about green, as you know we went through an expensive green cycle at the beginning of the year. We leaned in to get our pricing on roast and ground. Green was basically flat for the quarter. The green, as Mark Belgya I think said either one of the Q&A or the script to comments that green will benefit us in the fourth quarter and going forward. So green was not a headwind or tailwind this quarter. I think volume was positive and if you look across all of our businesses, the volume mix component was good, the K-Cup agreement was good and the K-Cup as I said earlier is really good on. Yes, the economics better. There is no question, but the access is better. So we're able to put K-Cup into some places we couldn’t before. So would say all of those things, all of those things added up that let to where we're, our forecast for that kind of mix go into the next quarter, so it's hard to project coffee out to far but it look like the occurred momentum should continue into the next quarter.
Steve Oakland: Yes, there is no question Jason that there is no competition on those segments without a doubt. But we're confident that we can continue to keep those velocities moving in the right direction, I mentioned some more targeted advertising where I think as we learned over the last year, as we see what the competitor messages, how do we hone message on Nature's, I think with some of the new items we're bringing in to replace some of that items that we're little more slower moving and those can help as well. So, I we can get the -- continue to keep the velocities moving in the right direction. So we were optimistic about that.
Steve Oakland: Akshay, I think we did see a small step change over the holiday. And what I think there is and I think our team would agree is that we entered in with this $49 machine right, the machine we're able to sell for $150 for the holidays. And they full lot of those, if you saw the distribution around it, was pretty solid. I do not see personally what, and I think we will know over the next few months what we will think the house will penetration move to. But I do think they reached a new consumer. And as we know regardless of consumer demographics, convenience is still an important an important decision factor for every consumer and so the fact that we could have lower price machine in the net set of house hold. I think will broaden the category. We think there is a great opportunity and quite frankly that they aligned with, really aligned with our brands we're very strong sell there, we're very strong with folder there and I think that’s probably why we saw those group numbers, where they grew there install base is directly aligned with where we really successful with our brands. So we feel good about that. Have been said that, I think we're going to see at some point, some kind of stabilization in that I think they took one step change, we also see roast and ground. We're excited to show you what we're going to show you next week at CAGNY because we think the premium roost to ground will also continue to grow. I think the category dynamics are pretty good the next year to coffee pricing, green coffee pricing looks stable, looks we have a large summer, the robust across is getting better from damage of the year so, go. So I think we’re going to have stable supply and pretty good dynamics over the next year.
Steve Oakland: Obviously, anytime we have low green coffee pricing, there is the potential for competitive activity that focuses on that. The private label company tend to be shorter, the branded guys tend to be longer, this premium guide tend to be very long just because the supply chain and premium coffee is much more converse in this supply chain and main stream coffee. So I would expect that. I would not any competitive activity beyond that that can be funded with green and what I mean by that is I wouldn’t it to hurt margins, right. So if there is competitive activity in the category, it'll be funded by green. I wouldn't expect it to be funded by margin. And I think there's another important dynamic happening, as we grow K-Cups, double digits the larger K-Cups and premium become as a percentage of our portfolio. The less dependent we are on green, the green coffee pricing is a very small component of the K-Cup business, right. It's really your conversion costs and we've addressed that. So, I would argue our business is more stable this year and going forward than it was last year.
Steve Oakland: Sure, it's Steve Oakland. We've been involved in the second request process, which provided the information they requested. I don't know that this isn't taking maybe a little longer, I'm not sure that, I wouldn't read anything into that, I would read it more into the fact that organization isn't fully staffed. So we would expect to know when we know it’s just one of these things we can't drive. So, we are anxiously awaiting their thoughts as you are.
Steve Oakland: Well, Farha, this is Steve, I’ll cover on the freight piece. When we look at pricing, we look at the whole gambit of cost. We look at freight, we look at raw materials packaging, all of those things. So you know we will operate under that and if we get to a point where we have just applied the price and today pricing is just - price, right, what makes sense, we’ll do that. So I don't think freight has pushed us over that line on a business of our size, that $7 million, or $8 to $10 million a quarter, its material to our results but it's not material across a couple of billion dollars in sales in our business. So, we probably haven't gotten there yet.
Mark Belgya: David, this is Mark Belgya. Yes, we're still aligned with that, I think in one of our scripted comments, we called that out. In the fourth quarter, the benefit will come more from the green coffee. If you compare to a year's ago fourth quarter that was a still kind of a high period of cost. So we get the benefit this coming quarter. Everything else is in line.
Mark Belgya: Yes, I'd call out three. The one is just the ongoing impact of the, the freight that we called out. It continues to increase. The second was the obsolescence charge. We plan obsolescence across the organization every year by nearby quarter. We just exceeded that, so flows through in our costing set up through our COGS and thus affects gross margin. And I'd say the third thing probably it's just mix. Obviously, we've given a little bit of range in terms of where we expect at the end of the year and although it hasn't really changed. Some of the mix has changed and I would just say, some of the higher mixed estimates have come down a little bit. So, those are probably the three biggest drivers.
Mark Belgya: Well, a couple of points Chris. So, it obviously what Barry just said, that charge did not include any of the impact. I wouldn't say it's a one-time of thing, as I mentioned, we plan obsolescence across the board for a variety of reasons. And it does peaks and valleys and depending on what the driver of the reason kind of not only drive the time but also the dollar amount. So I wouldn’t call it one-time review of anything, it just a third situation that we charge through P&L whenever it occurs.
Mark Belgya: Hey Ken, this is Mark. Just maybe to put some numbers behind the margins change. So the two items we called out, the freight and the inventory obsolescence charge. On our 9 billion sales for the quarter, it accounted for almost 100 basis points of margin. So it really was driven by those two factors.
Mark Belgya: Pablo, this is Mark. I'll start with the first question and Barry will follow up with the rest. So if we go back, turn the clock back a few years when we announced the transaction, looked at where both the industry and Big Heart was performing. I think you call out the numbers as well. So, the base dog and cat, which is about half of the business that was averaging, modest low single digit growth and that was really being managed by the previous owners to drive profit that they could invest in the other half of the business. The other half of the business, which was a little bit heavier skewed to the snack side within a period of growth of both industry-wise and Milk-Bone specific, a large innovation that the Big Heart team had brought forward. And so, we carry that growth expectation not as much, but certainly above the low single digits of the base dog and cat food. And then lastly, especially channel, as a channel was growing dramatically, high single digits, low double digits and I think as we've reported and others have reported there's just been a significant decline that as e-commerce has come into play and for a whole lot of variety of factors within the industry and we've kind of followed that. So it really is the ladder to that had driven most of that change. There has been some competitive challenges in the snacks arena. So Barry, I don’t know if you can add, but that was basically how we arrived at sort of that 4% to 5% that you quoted. And I think just reflecting where the industry is particularly in that, in the specialty channel and just some with our competitors, we just feel more comfortable with the growth rates that we quoted.
Mark Belgya: Certainly, Pablo. Well, we set upgrade for cat gain. We're going to show innovation in the premium sector both in a new platform in Dunkin. So we felt K-Cup have -- we had to address K-Cup quickly, and I would suggest that K-Cup are not dilutive. And if you look at the quarter for us to have flat volume 2% net sales for that in 6% profit at 33.1% that would suggest that the mix was pretty good. So, if anytime we have a flat roast and ground quarter, we're winning. I mean our model obviously includes slight declines in that. So when decline slower than the segment or don’t decline like we did in this quarter, it really improves the model. So you're going to see investor in those other things, quarterly we have to have a larger presence in premium coffee and we have to fix K-Cup first, we’re on way to doing that and the next effort as you will see next week frankly is on premium.
Mark Belgya: Scott, this is Mark Belgya. I'll start and if anyone wants to chip in and welcome, welcome back. I think that the earlier question around marketing investments, we’re going through the planning process for 2019 and even next week at CAGNEY, we’ll give a little bit but certainly not our outlook. We feel that tax reform is obviously beneficial for a whole number of reasons, but as many of our peers have said also, it does provide an opportunity to support whether it's marketing investment or just investment innovation, and we still want to grow our segment profitability even with the investments in the marketing. So we're going to continue to try to grow EBITDA and EBIT and operating margin as we move forward. And again, it's a little hard until we are specific in June with our guidance, but we're not necessarily backing off profitability growth, it's just nice that we do have some flexibility from an EPS perspective to utilize some of the tax reform to support that.
Mark Belgya: Let me start there. First, you’re right, there was a disconnect between consumption and our sales. A couple of things to keep in mind, we have significant businesses with customers and channels that are not measured and so we are seeing some great performance with those customers and channel. So that's one area. Last year, we had made some investments behind some of our stack businesses in terms of coupons and intro and so there was a timing issue as we think about the performance metrics and then there has been some market price compression relative to where we're seeing units are up, but dollars are down on a couple select items. So those would be a couple of things that be contributing to that. I would say, as we look at where the retailers are today, looking at their assortments for the next year we were really encouraged we're seeing some nice increases and points of distribution, a number of our major customers. So we're enthusiastic about that. We have just recently launched some new innovation across our Milk-Bone is pretty close in, but we've had tremendous acceptance of that item. In the natural meat segment that's been driving a lot of growth and sausage or pepperoni brand, kind of bumped up against that segment, where we're bringing out a new item. We're going to accelerate the launch of that. Normally we'd bring it out in June. We're going to start some early shipments of that. We think that's going to accelerate some growth across pepperoni and then going, as we think about the natural meats segment where that growth is coming, we're bringing some innovation out in, under the Milo's kitchen brand. Had some, some good solid acceptance there and increases in distributions. So, I think you, yes we've seen some of that disconnect this quarter, but based on some of the things I mentioned, again, we're optimistic that the consumption numbers will match up a little closer with our sales numbers.
Mark Belgya: Hey Rob, this is Mark Belgya. Yes, that's exactly right. I think last quarter we've made the comment realizing that we have reached well below than we’re mid 20s last quarter and we’ve said that if we deliver Q3 and Q4 as we expected that we should give back over that 30%. And then on a forward basis driven by all the comments that Steve had, our expectations still sort of low 30% segment profit.
Mark Belgya: Yes, hey Rob, this is Mark again. So a couple of comments, one is that I think it was in our scripted comments that we would expect Q4 segment profit, your operating profit as you call it would be up sequentially over Q3. And so, we will continue to benefit out of it compared to a year ago, fourth quarter with the benefits of the new contract. So that will be sort of continuation of what you saw in Q3. The new news is the impact of green coffee. It seems that that was basically a neutral in Q3 that we will benefit in Q4 and that's driving, that what we'll call the incremental improvements sequentially over Q3.
Mark Belgya: Sure. Well, obviously, I can't say what the number is, and I can't -- we all have our own definition of material, but what I can say is that the incremental benefit of just tax, to just go 2024, is about because $50 million to $60 million incremental over what with and this year. All things to be in equal, you would expect to see some increase from that. I guess I will just hold on that until we give you a more of an update in the end of the year. Obviously that is coming to play is, working capital expectation. So we would expect to be because of tax.
Mark Belgya: Clearly our industry is very competitive and I think at the end of the day, it's hard for me to comment on what others might do, but I think going back to my earlier comments, our goal is really to invest in military as we really think that the growth can come from. And so we’ve done and you will hopefully will feel this, we've done a lot of work very diligent work on understanding the consumer, what consumer need are and how we're uniquely positioned to meet some of those consumer needs. So it's not to say that other company doing those same things but where we're choosing to invest is probably the most important thing I could say. And so and broadly if everybody invest more in the consumer, I think it's quite frankly I think its good for the industry because I think it help consumers continue to regain trust in big food if you will and the brand that we represent. And so I think we have an obligation to our consumers to invest and to communicate directly with them as much as possible particularly in the digital age.
Mark Belgya: Yes. Farha, it's Mark. And I guess the answer to your second question. We talk about marketing generally we're talking about marketing aimed at the consumer. Obviously, there'll be innovation related intro type cost that will -- we’ll be trade, but basically when we speak to market, we're talking about consumer directed spend.
Mark Belgya: John, I guess, we've talked a little bit too. We did see some competitive activity baking for the economics so that didn't make sense, plus we invested in fruit spreads, we had nice growth, our peanut butter business is solid. You'll see some innovation in that next week. And then you know, as we look across the other things Uncrustables and Sahale, the two pieces that we think that o accelerate growth, both did. Yes, I think and I've spoken to this a number of times. I think there are some categories that we participate in some of those, peanut butter might be one, baking, baking is one where hard discount wants to make a stand where our discount retailer wants to have a key price point on a key size. And we see that, but I don't think that's going to change the competitive dynamics that much for us. I think as we're the number one brand or number two brand with exceptional baking in all those segments that we understand the competitive set, we understand the merchandising, we need to do, on the peanut butter business, we tiled fruit spreads, we've got a lot of multiplying leverage there, we do for merchandising. And so, I think we're positioned well for that. I would expect the retailer to continue to use private label, to position themselves within the marketplace, within the certain customer demographic and against the certain competitor set. So we're not suggesting that is going to change but we're prepared, we have a strategy to compete in that different world.
Barry Dunaway: Hi Chris, it's Barry. Let me just provide a little color on that. Clearly, we just learned about this issue about a week ago when it was brought to our attention. So, we quickly began an investigation. We partnered with the FDA on that. Both independently concluded, there were no pet health safety concerns. But out of an abundance of concern, we did implement a volunteer withdrawal of that product. So, we're working with our retailers to get that product out of the market place right now. From a cost standpoint, that's not reflected in any of our numbers. Yes, we're still trying to get our arms around what that cost will be. Clearly, as we investigated and work with the supplier who was involved in that situation, we would look to recover those costs. There may be a timing difference. So we may incur some of those costs this year and then depending on the cost recovery, it just may be a timing issue. So that's, that's how we're managing that.
Barry Dunaway: Great summary, Mark. And then Pablo let me focus on the second half of your question. First, we have a great portfolio of iconic brands that we still think have a lot of runway. We think about Milk-Bone in particular, our objective is to take that brand into new segments into some of these growth segments. So our innovation efforts are really to focus on how we take our brand into growth areas across snacks and across the entire portfolio. Let me talk about dog food and you referenced Nature's Recipe. If you look at our consumption, we were up 27% across the entire dog portfolio for the latest 13 weeks, which is just outstanding. And that is across the entire portfolio. So Nature's is a big driver of that, but we're trying to manage the portfolio across value, mainstream and premium, and that all of those brands are performing well as we manage that entire portfolio, velocities continue to increase quarter-over-quarter, our velocities with Nature's Recipe are up about 17% THIS quarter in units and 16% in dollars, so again just nice to see that those velocities continue. We're going to sharpen our marketing and support behind that brand, as we go into this next year, some learnings based on the fact we've been in the market for the last months, and so we're going to take those learnings and we think we can drive even greater effectiveness with the marketing support behind that that brand. As far as just adding to the portfolio other brands, we've always been an acquisitive company and we will continue to look for brand that would make sense in our portfolio across food and snacks. And then as far as taking Nature's Recipe into other segments and categories, yes, absolutely we do think that brand can play in categories like cat and like snacks, and it's just a matter of us prioritizing when we move into some of the segments and how we approach those opportunities. So that’s under radar screen, we wanted to get dog we thought that was the right place to start. We're going to expand some of our wet offerings coming into this early year or early this summer. And packaging refresh, we’re going to actually swap out some other items that we think we can be fast returning. So, a lot of momentum behind that brand, we want to keep that going and then look to launch into other segments.
Barry Dunaway: Pablo, this is Barry. Just one other point that I should have made when we're talking about Nature's, as we look at the performance of that brand, pre-launching into mass and when it was just in pet specialty, based on where we on this fiscal year, we were projecting that brand and retail sales is going to be up about $80 million or 70%. We see, we still have the presence in specialty and then by moving that brand over to mass channel, just tremendous growth on at retail just want the other indication about the strength of that brand and the potential that it has.
Mark Smucker: Pablo, this is Mark Smucker. Just on the margin that what I would tell you is that, as it relates to these all the different segments, we talk about mainstream premium and single-serve. The dynamics in the category are such in the way we manage the business such that at this point in time, margins are generally consistent across all of those categories and all of our segment I should say and they are all profitable.
Mark Smucker: Yes, Scott the other Mark Smucker. Just agree with Mark. I mean we still have an obligation to our shareholders to grow earnings but we also have an obligation to grow our businesses and so, as Mark said, the tax reform does give us a unique window. Obviously, we are doing some significant cost savings as well and we do expect marketing to be up significantly next year. But I would also point out that what we have really been dealing as we execute this strategic roadmap is get our foundation in order and make sure that we're prioritizing the investments to those areas where we know we can grow. Consumer foods is a very good example of that, so where you will -- would have potentially seen that marketing has not increased in aggregate this year on consumer, it has increased in those areas where we need to invest like Uncrustables and Jif and things like that. So, we maybe deemphasizing some stock in order to invest where we really think we can get the biggest bang for our buck.
Mark Smucker: Scott, it's Mark Smucker again. The other thing I just point out on Pillsbury, just to build on what Steve said is. We have made some conscious decisions when we see that the competitive environment is such that in order -- an investment in a brand might actually create a situation profit is just too challenged. I think that sort of been the case, with Pillsbury this past year, we consciously chose not to go deep, if you will. That said, we do have some nice innovation coming out on Pillsbury in the next year. So, it's not that we're ignoring it and it's not that we're just letting it stagnate, but we do have some nice innovation. We will continue to support that that business going forward.
Mark Smucker: Before we go to the next question, this is Mark Smucker. Just recognizing want to be respectful of everyone's time. We know that several of you may drop off at the bottom of the hour, for a couple of the other earnings calls, but we will continue, we have a handful more questions if we would like to answer them. So for those of you that will stay on, we will take a handful more questions.
Mark Smucker: John, this is Mark Smucker. Just to comment on the share. Particularly in the last share numbers we buy IRI data. I think what we see is that leading brand particularly number one brand tend to fair well, even when private labels making a push. And the number that we're seeing reflects that. And so you will see this number two and three brands particularly in this last period generally looks down versus some of our brands that are in number one spot.
Mark Smucker: Just want to thank everybody for their time, appreciate it’s a busy day for most of you. Just want to reiterate that it's been lot of time this past year making sure our foundation is strong and making sure that we're investing in a right thing, and so we look forward to seeing you all and sharing more about that with you guys next week at CAGNY. Thank you.
