Mark Smucker: Thanks, Ken, for the question. First of all, I guess, I would just highlight when we talk about financial discipline, we mean all of it holistically in terms of cash generation, what we do with the cash, our debt paydown, continuing our cost reduction, continuous improvement mindset, all of that being part of that. From a pricing perspective, I think, we've been pretty consistent over time in terms of our ability to take price. We're always very prudent when we do so. We work with our customers. We need to ensure that the pricing is justifiable. And in this case and particularly in peanut butter, it was very clear that we were experiencing cost pressures and could demonstrate that to our trading partners and so forth. So, having price discipline and making sure that we can pass along price increases and, in some cases, decreases in categories like coffee, we will continue to do so. It's fundamental to the success of our business and our ability to deliver our financial results and goals.
Mark Smucker: Yes, great question. So first of all, when -- as we have demonstrated over the last few quarters our ability to continue to improve our share numbers, it really is important to connect with our consumers at this particular time, because as we have experienced a significant uptick in households and our brands have been, in some cases, rediscovered by consumers to really engage with those consumers is critical.  And given the fact that we are now seeing, obviously, a second or maybe in some cases a third wave, the industry is better prepared for this wave in many cases, even though the supply chain may be somewhat tight to deal with the increased demand. So it affords us the opportunity to make these investments to support our brands and do so in a very targeted way that we ensure we get the return.
Mark Smucker: Faiza, for this fiscal year, at the beginning of the year, we had a $300 million target. We have increased that to $315 million for the balance of the year. The primary driver of that increase is due to our continued investment in Longmont to support the growth of the Uncrustables brand. And as we go into next fiscal year, we would anticipate seeing elevated levels of CapEx as we continue to build out the next phase of the Longmont facility, which is a new bakery and additional manufacturing lines.
Mark Smucker: David, thanks for the question. I would start just by reiterating that, in total, our entire coffee portfolio did grow in the quarter, which is fantastic. You're right exact -- you're dead on the numbers on Dunkin' and Bustelo. K-Cups were well over two times -- pacing over two times what that segment is growing. So that's also good. But again this 1.5 million new households speaks to the fact that there aren't some new consumers for sure. Bustelo, obviously, has a very strong South Florida and New York Latino base, but continues to grow with non-Latino millennials. That is a core consumer there. And then Dunkin' has -- the Dunkin' canister we're now selling Dunkin' in the canister. That item has been doing extremely well also. And in the case of Dunkin', it's a little bit of both, it's just increased consumption, because of at-home and some new consumers, but just great very proud of the results on coffee.
Mark Smucker: Bryan, thanks for the question. First and foremost, we actually feel that from an organization standpoint, we are very capable of absorbing the additional sales growth. From a CapEx perspective, clearly our focus is primarily on Uncrustables and increasing that. We do feel that we have been able to meet demand on the other categories and are monitoring our supply chain on a daily basis, if not 24/7 to make sure that all of the length in the chain continued to work well. That has been a focus. But from a consumer standpoint, if you just step back and think about the growth that we've experienced, our confidence in our ability to retain some of these new consumers has grown. And that is because we have seen continued repeat purchase rates, and now have the ability to target and make sure that we're spending incremental marketing dollars to ensure that we retain some of those. So I think we feel very good about there definitely is some stickiness. It's very difficult to quantify, but we maintain our confidence that we can retain many of those consumers.
Mark Smucker: We clearly acknowledge that there have been habits that have changed and folks have been – have become more comfortable with brewing coffee at home. I think as routines go back to somewhat normal, you're going to see folks go through the drive-thru and obviously we want our partners at Dunkin' to win. But clearly, the comfort with obviously the growth in Keurig brewers at home also helps the trend. So again, difficult to quantify confidence that we will retain some stickiness, but I think, we feel good where we are right now.
Mark Smucker: Yes. I think my earlier comment of the industry being better prepared for this wave relates to not just inventory, but all of the links in the supply chain, communicating better, collaborating with our trading partners to make sure that we can deliver. There has been some rebuilding of inventory, but I would also acknowledge that, it's reasonably tight. And so that's why we continue to manage on a -- literally a daily basis to make sure that all those links are working well together, and it has to do with communication and just staying on top of it.
Mark Smucker: Rob, it's Mark. If I can try to answer your question around Nutrish a little more holistically. As you know, particularly, recently we've really been trying to ensure that everyone understands that the success of our pet business really rests on the three pillars: So cat, snacks and dog. And clearly in those first two we had great performance in the quarter. And there's still a little bit of softness in dog. What's great about Nutrish right now is as we focus on the total brand we grew it. So whether that's contributions from wet dog, from some snacks and some cat performance there, in aggregate the brand grew which is great. We knew that we were going to continue to have a little bit of softness in dog. It was more or less as we planned it. And as we've spoken in the past, we've made some very specific and targeted actions on that but we are not done. So we are – we remain very committed to that brand and ensuring that the dog portfolio gets healthy. Several of the actions that we are taking don't really begin to come to fruition until more like the fourth quarter. So yes, there has been some trade to support the brand in the interim. Our marketing was up 30% in the quarter on Nutrish. And then as we get into the back half, you will see some of the things that we talked about optimizing the portfolio in terms of getting the right SKUs, refreshing and making the packaging more consistent and then obviously some new innovation coming in the fourth quarter. So it is a journey. We recognize that it is not – we're not going to flip the switch overnight, but we remain committed to the actions that we are taking and have confidence in the brand in its totality.
Mark Smucker: Jason, its Mark. The short answer is no. I don't think we're going to have to give that back. I think the dynamics that caused us to take the price increase are real and they impact the broader industry. We have, in our case, a very solid supply and relationships with our suppliers on peanuts. I think, it's possible that there we could continue to see some supply disruption in the market. And so, the dynamics, whether it’d be just higher cost peanuts, quality issues with peanuts, those are going to probably persist for some time. And so, I think we've demonstrated it over the last several months that the actions we have taken have worked and we will expect to stick to those.
Mark Smucker: John, I think it's a little of all of what you said. I think there is some – we have a very consistent supply. We have a very robust and scaled supply chain. There's no question -- from a consumer standpoint, a brand standpoint, consumers are definitely feeling comfortable with brands that they know and trust. The primary players in the coffee category tend to hedge and use financial instruments to buy coffee. We have seen that private label suppliers don't tend to hedge as much. And I think that might have had an impact on some of the private brands. But we remain committed to our strategy of producing and maintaining a steady quality supply of food and that includes coffee, and working with our trading partners to ensure that we maintain those products on shelves and engage with the consumers wherever we can.
Mark Smucker: Thanks Alexia. You're right. It's the first COO under my tenure. John, would be the first, not in our company history. But I would highlight that -- rather than maybe answer that specifically, I really look forward to having you all have some interaction with my broader leadership team, including John and others at Investor Day. And part of what we hope to demonstrate to you during our Investor Day is just the strength and expertise of this team and how each of them truly do complement each other. I have to say, I'm proud that I have never worked with the team this fantastic in my career and really hope that we can get you all to interact with John and the rest of the team on December 10th.
Mark Smucker: It's actually been both, Laurent. It's been -- clearly as at-home consumption has increased, we definitely have seen higher consumption. Clearly, there's been a shift to e-commerce, which does in many cases help repeat purchase. And then, again, having seen repeat purchase both in brick-and-mortar and e-commerce on many of our brands over the last quarter gives us -- that's what gives us the increased confidence of these consumers remaining in our brands.
Mark Smucker: Laurent, its Mark. And I may ask Tucker to chime in here. But clearly one of my fundamental responsibilities as CEO is to make sure that we are providing our investors with as much visibility into our current thinking as possible and setting targets that we can meet or exceed and I'm very pleased over the last three quarters that we've been able to do that. I would -- I guess, I would just highlight that these are very uncertain times. We do feel that we have a responsibility to our investors to tell you what we know, when we know it. And so the current revision reflects a change in what we believe we can deliver. We clearly had an over delivery in the second quarter, which caused us to think a little bit differently about the remainder of the year. So, it's really about making sure that we're communicating with our shareholders and giving you the best information that we can based on what we know today.
Mark Smucker: Thank you all for joining us. I'd like to just acknowledge and thank our tremendous employees, so many of whom are coming to work every day and ensuring that we have quality supply of food for our countries. We really look forward to seeing and speaking with all of you on December 10th at 8:30 Eastern, which is when our Investor Day will begin and wish all of you a safe and healthy Thanksgiving. Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Faiza, good morning. This is Tucker. Excuse me, with respect to your question, we believe that we have very strong underlying growth in our portfolio across both pet, coffee and snacks and we believe that that momentum will continue into the next fiscal year on the other side of the pandemic. And as it relates to the divestiture of the Crisco brand, we acknowledge that the contribution on a full-year basis is about $270 million at top line and the EPS impact is about $0.45 to $0.55 as well. And we would anticipate over time with a very strong balance sheet, a balanced capital deployment model and the after-tax proceeds from the divestiture to have the opportunity to either reinvest in the business or potentially repurchase shares to replace that dilution. And then, lastly, as we are always committed to a continuous improvement mindset to support our financial margins over time in order to keep them strong to deliver profitability. 
Tucker Marshall: Chris. So, as we stated, we did guide to a 37.5% to 38% gross profit margin for the full fiscal year. The back half is going to be a little bit softer. That's largely driven to the volume comp that you talked about in the fourth quarter, but it also has some incremental pet trade investments included in there. Additionally it has some lost manufacturing absorption. And then it has some incremental freight or transportation expenses as well that are impacting the back half.
Tucker Marshall: Rob, when you think about the investments and trade within the pet business, there's two elements there to consider. One is, as we think about supporting innovation and how we bring innovation to our retailer partners. The second component is, as we continue to advance our placement and positioning within e-commerce as well. And then, on the other costs, I think you've considered those correctly, across either manufacturing absorption and also across the freight and transportation as well.
Tucker Marshall: Rob, thank you. I'm going to cover the SD&A question and then hand it to Mark to talk a little bit about the Nutrish tactics. As it relates to the quarter, you are correct. Incentive comp was up year-over-year. That's largely driven by the performance of the company as compared to what we initially anticipated. So there was a true-up in the quarter and then there will be incremental cost in the back half of the fiscal year which is included in our guidance range. And then as it relates to overall SD&A expenses, we are anticipating those to be up kind of 1% to 2% year-over-year. Part of that is the incentive compensation, inclusive of the reinstatement of merit costs as well and then also our desire to reinvest marketing dollars in support of our brands.
Tucker Marshall: So, as we think about our desired leverage profile, we continue to focus on being at or below three times leverage, which we are there now. We did pay off an additional $200 million of debt in the second quarter and the term debt specifically. And so, we remain committed to a healthy leverage profile, also to the payment of dividends. But now, we have begun to open up strategic capacity with either our free cash flow generation or with the proceeds from the divestiture of the Crisco business, which then enables us to continue to either enhance our debt position or potentially to buy back shares to replace the lost earnings over time.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. I think in the near term, large M&A is probably not what we're focused on. I think we're focused on the execution of our business and the delivery of that, while at the same time having a balanced capital deployment model and returning cash effectively to shareholders to drive value.
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. Alexia, as it relates to the transportation costs, they're probably in the low-single-digits sort of mid -- probably mid-single-digits in terms of freight costs as a percentage of our COGS, as I think what we've shared before. And we are experiencing an increase in those transportation costs year-over-year, primarily driven by the environment that we've talked about.
