Richard Smucker: Thank you, Sonal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Let me summarize some of the key highlights for the quarter. First, our sales for the quarter increased 14% over the prior year to $1.2 billion, as sales were up in all 3 of our reportable segments. Net price realization was the primary driver of the increase following pricing actions taken in nearly all of our categories to offset higher raw material costs. Volume was down, while mix of products sold was favorable.  Our strategic growth drivers, including acquisitions and new products, also played a key role in top line growth. Rowland Coffee, acquired in May, contributed 2 percentage points of the quarter's net sales increase. Additionally, the ongoing strong performance of Folgers Gourmet Selections and Millstone brand K-Cups also contributed 2 percentage points to sales growth.  Second, non-GAAP earnings per share increased 8% as higher sales more than offset the increase in commodity cost. Earnings per share also benefited from share repurchase -- shares repurchased in the last half of 2011, which contributed approximately $0.05 to the quarter's results. Offsetting these items was a higher effective tax rate in the current quarter. Third, following a 17% increase in dividends paid in fiscal 2011, the board recently authorized a 9% increase in the quarterly dividend, payable in September. These actions, once again, are evidence of our continuing commitment to deliver shareholder value.  Lastly, we seamlessly completed the transition of our executive management structure that was announced in March. With the strength of our leadership team and our dedicated employees, we are well-positioned for continued success. We are satisfied with the results for the quarter; in particular, the continued share of market growth for most of our brands. However, we are not content with volume declines. As a result, we continue to adjust our plans as necessary to meet the needs of our consumers and our customers.  As we navigate our way through uncharted economic waters, we continue to believe that our strategy of focusing on leading brands, combined with excellent implementation in the marketplace will continue to yield long-term sustainable growth. I will now turn the call over to Vince for an update on our business segments.
Richard Smucker: And I'd only add that -- this is Richard. On the private label side, at least in our categories, we continue to gain market share in almost every category that we're in. And so even if private label maybe growing a little bit, it's not growing at our expense.
Richard Smucker: I'd say the short answer is no. But again, I think it is driven again by getting to the right price point through a price reduction rather than through necessarily increase in trade. So I think the key driver, and why we're comfortable in doing that despite where our commodity costs may be is that by getting to those key price points again, we feel that we will be able to drive some volume and make up that $0.01 profit that we may have missed in the second quarter.
Richard Smucker: Well, we thank you for your time and interest today. And just in summary, we still feel very solid about the year. We felt that the first quarter was a solid quarter. And in light of taking a number of price increases, our volume held up fairly well, and in areas where it was a little short, we have plans to make that up for the remainder of the year. And our plans are to come right in where we said we would at the beginning of the year. So we're still feeling pretty good about the market. So thank you for your day, your time.
Paul Wagstaff: Eric, this is Paul Wagstaff. And yes, just to take a step back and explain kind of what happened. Yes, we wanted to make sure that we were proactive in managing the 2010 crop, peanut crop, which we knew was not a very good crop and wanted to make sure that we had the availability. So what we did is we temporarily discontinued 8 of our items to focus on our core 18-ounce and crunchy and creamy products to make sure that we had those products on shelf during the summer and the first quarter. And in line with that, what we decided to do is basically reduce our first quarter promotion activities. We made sure that we had enough inventory build in our warehouse, which we do have right now. And that basically led to some lower volume in peanut butter, as well as in our jam and jelly business to be -- cross-promote with peanut butter. So where we are now is we have inventory levels that are solid. We feel that we can go back and support the rest of the back-to-school, as well as getting into our Fall Bake time period. And we feel very good for the full year projection that we're going to be in great shape on both peanut butter and spreads.
Paul Wagstaff: Well, this is Paul, and I would agree with Vince. On the shortening side of the business, we took a price increase in -- beginning of the year, and that had an impact on our volume. And on the baking side, as we're not typically leading price increases in that category, we weren't able to recover some of the cost increase on a couple key areas.
Paul Wagstaff: And this is Paul. And I think in the other categories on peanut butter, food spreads, baking, milk, et cetera, we do have some leverage that we're in the position to pull to make the back 3 quarters of the year better.
Paul Wagstaff: Ed, this is Paul. And from a competitive perspective, yes, we know, very well aware of the competitor, the new competitor on the block. I think again what happened in the first quarter is we delisted temporarily, these 8 items are – we allowed our competitor to come in and pick up some of those slots, so we're well aware of that. We understand the key competitor has been aggressive in promoting. We also maybe understand that they may be pulling back a little bit, so that would be expected from what we understand in the peanut crop. So from our perspective again, we did what we felt was a responsible thing in the first quarter, and we feel very well positioned going into the next 3 quarters.
Mark Belgya: Eric, this is -- it's Mark Belgya. I would say that if you look at the profitability shortfall in consumer foods, it probably was just about 15% to 20% of a dollar decrease in the overall segment. So they're down about $15 million. So it's about fit to that.
Mark Belgya: Well, I think as I said in my prepared comments I think we said it would be a couple percentage points below the 20% we guided to and that does factor in obviously the 6% decline and then with some thought on volume contribution. But I don't think we’d necessarily be specific, give you volume or price, just take it a couple of percentage point below the volume [ph].
Mark Belgya: Well, you make the judge on it on the profit, be it better. But that's right. And I mean, if you think about it just from our general approach on price changes we, I mean, clearly we talked about it along the way up in terms of protecting $0.01 profit. So yes, I mean, we're seeing costs, expected cost increases from higher peanut butter, from higher peanut cost, and would expect to lower the price to sort of offset the margin. There's always going to be a little play, as you know, as it relates to the timing. But generally, I agree with your comments.
Mark Belgya: Eric, I don't think it will be materially. It might be up just a little bit, because I think we will carry inventories, so we’ll be borrowing maybe a little bit longer, but I don't think it's material under modeling.
Mark Belgya: Rob, this is Mark. A couple thoughts or comments. We did buy back about 0.5 million shares here at the end or after the end of the quarter, during month of August. So you'll see those reflected modestly through the rest of the year on our weighted shares. The effect that you're seeing as you compare, for example, this quarter's weighted shares to a year ago, was more the effect of what we bought in the back half of fiscal 2011, so that sort of clarifies the change in shares. In terms of going forward, we have 2.5 million shares that the board authorized in January of this year. As we have said, we kind of have 4 buckets of cash deployment. On the growth side, we've got CapEx, and we've got acquisitions. And on the shareholder return side, we've got dividends and buybacks. And we really do look at those 4 uses of cash pretty evenly. Clearly, we have been able to take advantage and have repurchased shares over the last 2 years at pretty reasonable price. We'll continue to look at the opportunity to do that. But as opportunities from acquisition, obviously, that’s part of our growth algorithm, we'll take that into consideration at the time. So at this point, I wouldn't say we're going to be active in the market, but we'll clearly consider it as one is the uses of our cash through the rest of the fiscal and into next year.
Mark Smucker: This is Mark Smucker. I think as it relates to the decrease, it has more to do with how we price to our position, and we don't feel necessarily that the decline was more than was anticipated. We always talk about the elasticity model and that we've tend to beat those. But clearly, we were a little disappointed with the results, but we do think that this price decrease positions us very well going into the holiday period. And that although there may be some margin compression in the quarter, we do feel comfortable, in terms of recovering $0.01 profit and then position well going into the back half of the year.
Mark Smucker: Yes, I would echo. This is Mark. I would echo Vince's comments. We feel obviously very good about K-Cups. And in the mainstream channel I think as well, we may have seen some shifting of volume around in the category. But we still feel pretty good, obviously, about our share position.
Mark Smucker: I'll go first. This is Mark. In coffee, the reason, one of the key reasons that we took a price decline is because we felt that, that was really the right thing for the consumer. And clearly, we'll be focused on our promotional spending as we go into the next several months. But the bottom line really is that the price decline was necessary and is important to consider, in light of -- and balancing that, what we might spend in trade versus what we really hope the consumer should see the price on shelf.
Mark Smucker: Sure. I guess I'd start by saying that we still feel great about the business, and we think that there is upside to the business. The performance this past quarter was driven by a couple things. One, the timing of some promotional activity that we had experienced in the prior year that wasn't repeated this year. And we may get some of that back in the second quarter. And then just we were not enjoying the price advantage that we had been versus one of our key competitors in the gourmet segment, and so I think that obviously had some impact. But again, going forward, I think we're well-positioned going into the holiday period, and we feel good about how we will be able to reflect those prices on shelf versus competition.
Mark Smucker: Well, we hope to. I think that depends on how we manage that with our customers, and it's obviously going to be very dependent on how our retail customers reflect that price. But I'd say we were optimistic.
Mark Smucker: No, actually. I think we still feel very optimistic about our K-Cup business. We're the first national brand to launch in the category, and we still are bullish and believe that there's significant upside, as well as feeling good that we're positioned well going into some of the key competitive activity that we will experience in the second and third quarters.
Mark Smucker: I think -- let me speak to your first question first. And in terms of the category as a whole, I think as you look at -- I think you guys probably have these numbers, but the category is down slightly on a 12-week, it's down 1% in volume. But again, we've been doing very well from a share perspective, particularly in the mainstream segment. I think I understand your second question you're asking, which consumers are either hurt or benefited from the shifts in segment? Is that your second…
Mark Smucker: I'll start, and I'll let Mark or Vince chime in. This is Mark Smucker. I think first of all, the main driver of that decrease, it is the right thing to do in terms of getting to the key price points through the holiday period. And yes, you're correct that some green coffee costs are coming down. We have the ability to participate, in some nominal degree, in some of the downward movement of that, even though we're looking at burning through some of our higher-priced inventory. However, I think it's a combination of the factors that you mentioned. But at the end of the day, it really is driven by trying to be collaborative with our customers and trying to help them get to the price points that we believe the consumer can afford.
Mark Smucker: Well, this is Mark again. In terms of the total Dunkin' as it relates to our distribution, we've got in the upper 80s ACV distribution, so we're actually pretty well positioned. Now if you look at some of the newer items, they might be slightly below that. But we're still in the upper 70% in terms of ACV in some of the recent launches. Now total SKUs, we've got probably about a dozen SKUs, which is significantly fewer SKUs than our key competitor would have. But we do benefit at this time of year from some of the seasonal and flavored coffees that we launch in that category, and those in the past have performed very well for us. So bottom line, distribution is getting there. We're pretty far along that path, and then counting on some of the seasonal items to continue to drive volume in the second quarter.
Mark Smucker: Yes, well, we would expect a couple percentage points decline in sales that would be a little bit more of that on the COGS side. So I think as you said, we were at 25% in June. So you're kind of getting down in the lower 20s range.
Mark Smucker: Yes, well, I think, in Vince’s prepared comments he might have coffee spoke to the coffee. But our projects, which are primarily around our fruit spreads operation here in Orrville with new construction and, also with the New Orleans coffee facility, it is sort of stepped up. I think I’d use that term over the time, to getting ultimately, I think what we said about $65 million to $70 million. But we have recognized about $25 million within the run rate over the course of the year, this current fiscal year. And that was -- I'm sorry. That was consistent with what we said in June, and that's included in our guidance.
Vincent Byrd: Well, I'll start, but I'll turn it over to Mark and Paul. I think as we just alluded to and alluded to in the formal remarks, coffee was lower than we would have anticipated. Paul has already explained the peanut butter and fruit spreads really don't have much to do with pricing elasticity, it's more about the availability and the ability to cross-promote. Probably shortening and baking would be the other 2 that were the key ones. So I'll ask the other 2 if they support or have any additional commentary.
Vincent Byrd: Well, yes. So as Mark indicated, where some of the shortfall occurred in the quarter tends to be in some of our non-measured channels, if you will, and so probably had a greater impact this quarter than it has had historically. And quite frankly, some of that was price point driven that we hit some thresholds that I think the consumer has responded to. But as Mark indicated with our price decline, we should be able to address that going forward.
Vincent Byrd: This is Vince. Let me -- let's take a step back in a macro perspective, what's going on. You have continual shift growth of the gourmet segment versus the mainstream segment, roast and ground. That continues, and you have a lot of activity obviously between us and a couple of competitors. Secondly, you have, although still small, a growing segment of single-serve primarily as it relates to K-Cups, which adds dollars but doesn't add a lot of volume per se because of the ratio. So those 2 phenomenons are going on. The third thing is that consumers, some consumers are, in fact, trading down from maybe some of our -- like our classic roast to what we would refer to as our opening price point offerings, custom roast and those type of things. So I think the consumer is, in fact, you have higher-end consumers still attracted to the gourmet or a single-serve category, and you have some consumers, quite frankly, that are trading down because again, our retailers are trying to reach price points that they were unable to do with more of our classic roast. With our recent price decline and where we're going to place our emphasis, we believe we'll be able to get that back, and there is no impact though from a profitability perspective, because all of those basically contribute equally. But there's no fundamental change other than that over sort of a macro perspective.
Vincent Byrd: This is Vince. I would say that we probably did experience a little bit of that in peanut butter on our last price increase. Other than that, actually, we see some retailers that are decreasing inventory levels given the actual costs of the commodities themselves. But yes, so I guess that's how we respond.
Vincent Byrd: Hey, Chuck, this is Vince. As I mentioned earlier, clearly -- well, first of all, if you look at our wide range of products, we believe we offer value across our full range regardless of the segment. And as you all know, peanut butter is one of the lowest costs of protein in the industry. So overall, and you think about as we said before, to brew a Folgers product coffee at home, it's still less than $0.10 a cup compared to the alternative. So in a macro perspective, we feel that we're very well positioned. Having said that, as I mentioned earlier because of some of the price points, retailers are looking for either smaller sizes to promote or in the case of Coffee, there's been some shifting to again what we would refer to as our opening price point offerings. And again, that's driven by the retailers and/or the consumers. That's not a shift in our promotional emphasis within the industry. But I guess I'll leave it at that, unless Mark or Paul wants to add additional commentary.
Vincent Byrd: Eric, this is Vince. There's nothing significant to report. We have had a couple of wins, if you will, and also we're becoming more and more reliant on to be a validator of certain information, but nothing significant to report.
