Mark Belgya: Andrew, I’ll start, this is Mark Belgya and actually Mark Smucker will finish. Good morning. So, a great question and we appreciate the question. Obviously, there is a lot going on, I think, one of points that we [want] have made and will continue to make throughout the course of the morning and into the future is that, we are very excited about these two particular innovation launches. There are two of them, the biggest that we had in the company’s history. We’ve learned over the years that if you don’t support launches of this size, they will not maximize the potential. So, and speaking on behalf of the team here I think we feel comfortable that the dollars we have behind those launches are adequate to achieve success in year one. And again reinforce, this is platform growth. So, there will be more to come behind these particular launches in coming years.  At the same time, we’re also comfortable that brands like, our growth [drinks] like Dunkin’ Uncrustables, Bustelo and we’ve also stepped up to spend behind those appropriately. And so, feel, that what is amounting to about $80 million to $85 million total marketing increase over last year on the business excluding Ainsworth is sufficient. We are fortunate to be a beneficiary of U.S. tax reform and the good work that our teams have done around cost savings that allow us to do that. So, there is a lot of headwinds out there, a lot of uncertainties. But we feel that, we’re adequately investing and our guidance range is capturing sort of all our thoughts around where costs are added, where pricing maybe headed, where tariffs might be headed and then the like
Mark Belgya: Well, Chris this is Mark Belgya. Let me just try to frame it in for those of you on the phone. So, if you kind of work off of where you guys are at TheStreet generally. I think the first thing is we’re obviously starting at lower base but beyond that as I noticed we’re taking our tax rate down to about 1.5 from original, most of that driven by state taxes, the Ainsworth acquisition, the footprint we have is driving a little bit of that. That’s about $0.15 of earnings and then if you, I guess if you just flip back to some of the commentary from CAGNY, I think that we had called out a market increase somewhere in the mid-teens which probably equated to around a mid-$65 million number as I just said we’re more in the 85 million. So that’s another 20 million if you would, our savings are, our cost programs are a little shy, we probably come in at closer to 100 million, we’re still going to go after but for now our guidance is reflecting around 80 million so there is another 20 million.  Clearly, we’ve got some additional cost in our construction of our Longmont facility. as I mentioned it's about 7 million and then we also have the incremental freight cost facing this year particularly in the first half of the year. So those four or five items are key drivers that take down sort of where the street sits down to the range that we’ve just discussed. 
Mark Belgya: Yes. Chris, what we said is, we announced transaction we said about $0.25 accretive net of interest and so forth and basically, we’re right on that target.
Mark Belgya: Your math is correct, we are expecting about, depending on how you’re rounding about 2% topline growth [indiscernible] organic which is ex-Ainsworth, most of that candidly is coming from innovation in particular 1850 and PowerUps along with some pet innovation coming. And then I just want to clarify a little bit on the price decline in cost, you’re correct in this fact that we’ve got one more quarter to lap that the price increase that we offset with trade beginning again in Q1 early Q2 last year. So, there is that but after that there is really no price decline built in anywhere across the portfolio.  So, it is primarily innovation, there is some growth continue obviously in Uncrustables, Bustelo all our growth brands are still projecting up, Natures is still expected to grow even though we had a great year last year. But the key driver is our innovation. 
Mark Belgya: No. I guess, what we’re saying is that, we’re going to lap that trade adjustment that we had to take. Because remember, we took price up going into, I guess January 17th, and then had it taken back down. We still have a quarter of exposure on that. 
Mark Belgya: Pablo, this is Mark Belgya, I’ll go after your second question. So, what you said, is right to a degree. So simply adding the benefit of tax in Ainsworth gets you sort of the, call it, the middle part of our guidance range. I think these just underscores, we talk about, if you look at our cost savings programs and look at our increase in marketing, those basically awash. We’re saving $80 million plus in initiatives and we increased our marketing on legacy Smucker by about the same amount. So, and then if you add to the cost inflation in Longmont cost, that’s the draw down.  What I would say is that, as we talk about pricing, we still think that there’s always pricing opportunity to address them these costs. So, I’d say it’s more negative weighted, because we’re getting the full 12 months of impact of cost, and we still have pricing opportunity to go forward. Candidly, we’ll see volume impact to that, but we expect to cover off of that. So, you’re right in the simplest math, but I think you really need to break it down to the next level, double-click on the components. And again, if you go back to Mark’s earlier comment, we did feel that because of the opportunities with tax savings and cost savings that we need to spend appropriately behind the brands and end up to get to the math that you suggested. 
Mark Belgya: Pablo, this is Mark Belgya. Just maybe one more point on Ainsworth, kind of honed it on the near term. But one of the things to your point is while we're comfortable with the private label business as Dave suggested as the category grows. Our expectation is Nutrish as the brand that will grow. And so, over time that proportion will be very positive across this P&L as we see improvement across the segment profit, gross profit et cetera. So, maintaining the private label and growing as the Nutrish is really the driver strategically.
Mark Belgya: Yes, maximized yet, that’s probably right, and I guess just while the question has been addressed, I think one of the things we have to take into consideration is, is that we are already thinking about in the event that that business is the divested of how we would try to shore up at least some of the dilution in the current year. We obviously will have proceeds that we might be able to do things with, we're looking at that cost savings opportunities to help offset some of the absolute dilution. So, the growth is in the ballpark.
Mark Belgya: This is Mark Belgya. I’ll start and then I’ll see who wants to jump in. So, it’s a very fair question, I think it’s a near-term question, it’s clearly a longer term strategic question. And a couple of thoughts, I think that we have talked to you folks for years about the importance of number one brand and that continues and we have a great portfolio of that though, that we do believe will allow us to price.  I think as we move forward, we need to make sure that we’re making the proper investments to generate the returns and keep those products and categories that are desirable to the retailer. We don’t want to be a marginalized category, so I think that’s a focus. But candidly, I think we have to continue as an industry to look at opportunity to manage costs in other places than just COGS. And we want to hold on to that operating profit that we have become accustomed to it in the industry.  And so, I think, while its started by some of our peers maybe I the short-term ways to drive shareholder value. I think longer term that is a strategic approach. And so, we’re going to very thoughtful as we add costs going forward and we’re going to continue to work with our suppliers to make sure that we’re in a good place from a cost perspective on incoming raw material and services. So, it’s fair, I think it is a reasonable challenge as an industry we are facing. But again, I think we fall back on the two things. One is we have incredibly good relationships with our retail partners and we also have great brands to offer up to them. 
Mark Belgya: Hey, Scott. This is Mark Belgya. So, I think your first question is basically around kind of a little bit honing on e-commerce and just margin pressures, that that will push and then just some of the near term. So, we had conversations several times over the last couple of years as we looked at e-commerce and the growth and the expectation of it. And for those who have been around the industry a while, it’s a little bit take us back in time to -- as the business got traditional versus retail and club and mass came stronger and had similar issues in terms of margin pressures because it was just not an established channel and so forth. We recognize right now that growth in that area is going to put some margin pressure but we are working actively across the company in ways to identify how best to improve that margin as more of the business shifts to Internet and e-commerce. So, we think that’s an addressable situation moving forward because we understand we have to do that.  And then just broader, I think we’ve pretty much covered, there might be some margin pressures as we work through this, this time period that Mark suggested from a retailer standpoint. But again, continue to repeat ourselves, but just the relationship and the brands often we think that will get us through that as well. 
Mark Belgya: We haven’t taken a lot of price, as I might turn to Tina, but we haven’t taken a lot of price up in the last yearish because commodities have been lower. We would expect competitors to follow. But I think that’s a question probably for the future and I think Tina might have a couple of comments. 
Mark Belgya: I think the other thing, Farha, this is Mark Belgya to keep in mind we didn’t go through listing of [indiscernible] the areas the cost are going to up. But these are costs that are going up in several categories. So, whether you’re a brand manufacturer or private label manufacturer, you’re going to be incurring costs. We are in a world of inflation. And inflation means rising prices overtime. Now the time that may alter a little bit, but we expect that’s a little bit both to why we feel that’s why. Just to clarify, my earlier comment, what I said is, we reflected all the inflation in our plan and so we’re going to look for opportunities for pricing that will help mitigate those and actually be net positive. But we’ve assumed basically all the inflation across the 12-month window. 
Mark Belgya: Yes, most of the growth this year, for this fiscal year was based on the incremental distribution gains that the business had secured across all channels. So that’s where the majority of that growth is coming from for instance, there is significant gains in premium cat distribution that is in place that will be effective and going to shelf in August. So, the majority and as we said also incremental distribution of pet specialty. The innovation will be so in future years, Akshay, that is built into more of the deal model. But this year is primarily based on you just continued velocity as well as incremental distribution.
Mark Belgya: Maybe, I don’t know, maybe if the way, you’re handling the cost savings, I don’t know, but yes, our gross margin will be much more in line if it’s a 38%-ish that we’ve achieved in ’18. 
Mark Belgya: I have feeling that its weighted synergies and cost savings are playing out on the base business that might be what’s skewing you a little bit.
Mark Belgya: So, I guess, just in the spirit of what we disclosed, so if you go with the commentary off of our interest in that, most of the interest increase is due to Ainsworth and then you’re going to get call it 90 million to 100 million ish of EBIT on the business. 
Mark Belgya: This is Mark. We will probably update our growth rates for all our businesses as part of our Investor Day. I mean all things being equal, based on the conversations we have with the Ainsworth expectations are in the near term, it will drive a higher number than what we said about the big business. But just in terms of the absolute guidance, I think we’re going to hold off on that for a few months. Let’s get a few months under our belt. 
Mark Belgya: Yes, so to answer that, you’re right. There is some incremental tax benefit that’s a plus to that number. The backup number would be CapEx about 40 million, if you take a middle range and then the other big component would be the increase in what we will call one-time cost that is split between merger integration and then some of the costs from what we call our organizational op program which is cost associated with some of the office closings and so forth that we talked about. And then there's a little bit of a different conservative assumption around working capital use, but most of it is CapEx and one-time costs. 
Mark Belgya: Yes, I think that’s a great point. We’ve spoken to that a couple of time. Once we get over the Longmont investment last couple of years, we should see a little bit more return our 3%, 3.5% sales number. 
Mark Belgya: Hi Rob, this is Mark Belgya. I guess to answer your gross margin or good profit question is that, yes, I mean, it comes from the base. I mean we are getting gross margin expansion out of just the innovation. I mean, although, it’s a loss, segment profits of the marketing spend has obviously gross profit dollar been generated. And then I think in my expected comments, we talked about. We had still incremental cost savings or cost benefits coming through with lower green and also with the first half of the KGM savings that we started in October a year ago. So that is probably a little bit of mix in there as well. And then just cost saving programs certainly some of those are affecting the comp line. 
Mark Belgya: This is Mark Belgya. I am going to start and I am going to throw it to Joe. So just in turn, we’re not going to give specific dollar expectation on 1850 right now but I will say it’s larger of the two components and obviously I would say that most of the 2% or equal to the 2% top-line growth, just do the math right, 150 million total. And there's two innovations on that, that are a good portion of that. So that's where that number is coming from. The one interesting comment is that in today’s world in CPG, $50 million to $35 million launch is incredibly successful first year in sales, it’s a top 10 item. And we think that this has the potentially certainly of being there.
Mark Smucker: Yes. Andrew, if I could. This is Mark Smucker. Just a couple of things, I think, I repeated myself a lot in the script. But wanted to just 2 key points. The first is really want you guys to take away from the discussion today that’s we’ve made a lot of progress in terms of realigning our portfolio to the growth segments. As you know we’ve got more work to do and at the end of the day we are executing our strategy. But as it relates specifically to marketing, if you look at our marketing investment in our consumer marketing over the last decade or so, you will see that we have actually eroded our marketing spend to the tune of about $80 million and that is simply not acceptable. And so, as a result of that erosion and yes some of it is going to trade, but as a result of that erosion we have made choices in the particular years about supporting core brands versus innovation and we’ve got to ensure that we are supporting our brands for the long term where we will watch the health of those brands deteriorate. And so, if you think about the launch of Nature’s Recipe year and a half ago we’ve spent significantly behind that launch. Similarly, with these innovations and with any innovation we’ve got to commit to the support and then overtime that significant investment would shift to other innovations and we would see you know the second or third year after our launch we would see support come down to those launches at some maintenance level and that would continue to support.  So, we’ve got to make sure that if you look at our marketing as a percent of net sales, we need to be more in line with the rest of the industry in terms of what we’re supporting both our new products or new brands as well as our core business. So that really is a key message going forward. 
Mark Smucker: So, thanks for the question David. So first of all, the first thing, I would remind everyone is that as you know, we’ve been in business for 121 years, we managed it for the long-term and we’ve over, although we haven’t done this over the last 3 years or so we have over delivered in terms of shareholder return. But in order to continue to do that in this environment as you know and as we’ve talked over the last year or so these changes are necessary in order to position ourselves for long-term growth. And so are confidence is bolstered by the fact that everywhere that we’ve invested in our portfolio, if you go back to my prepared comments, every brand that we’ve invested and has grown. Yes, we’ve had some drag from the oils and baking business part of that is because we consciously chose to back off on investment. And so, where we are focused, there is no question that we’re actually seeing results.  As it relates to pricing, we still feel confident and we’ve demonstrated that we can get pricing through particularly where we have leading brands, there are a few areas where we’re not the leading the brand, but we do tend to follow. But for the vast majority of our categories, we are able to lead. We used both, in the case of coffee, in the current environment, we have used trade to affect price versus taking a list price decline. So, we do use different levers to affect price. And then as I said in previous quarters as we go to our customers and we have justifiable price movements, we can’t and have been successful getting us through.  One of the questions you all have asked us, is it more difficult, I would tell you that it is taking a little bit longer, there is more discussion about pricing particularly increases. But I would say in almost every case we continue to be successful in getting that pricing through. 
Mark Smucker: I’ll start, Ken and this is Mark Smucker. And thanks actually for that question. So, you are absolutely right, the risks that you highlighted are risks that we have very carefully considered. And I want to say that the team, particularly San Francisco being the largest, of the pet offices, we have a fantastic team. And they are great people, they’re passionate about the business. I don’t think this is similar to [indiscernible], because this is our largest business. It is predominantly a mainstream business that resides in more or less similar channels, yes there is, had specialty, which are unique channels. But I think, if you think about it being our largest business and the ability for it to fully leverage the capabilities that we built, co-locating the business with some of those capabilities is really key. As it relates to talent we are working hard to retain and attract several of our key folks there and so far, we’ve had some very nice wins. So, we are keenly aware of the risks and we are doing everything that we possibly can to ensure that we mitigate them. I don’t know if…
Mark Smucker: Okay Pablo, it’s Mark Smucker, I’ll start and we’ll just go around the table here. Thank you for the question on leadership because we were expecting that and gives us the opportunity to speak a little bit more. So first of all, you mentioned Steve and Barry, both of whom are very seasoned leaders, managers with the company. Similarly, I would tell you that Dave on Pet, Joe on Coffee and Tina on Food are quite frankly some of our best leaders in the company they are very seasoned, they all have 20 plus years with the company, they have work in various functions and businesses. In some cases, actually, I think in every case, they’ve all been mentored by Mr. Oakland and that all to some degree, Barry.  And so, there is a tremendous amount of depth of knowledge, understanding of the consumer and clear leadership capabilities both in managing people and businesses and all of them have delivered results and growth in their various roles with the company. Dave in Pet is probably the newest and although he has been on these calls in the past in his current or former role, you all, will get an opportunity to get to know him a little bit better, he obviously comes from Canada and has spent a tremendous amount of time managing an extremely complex business in a very concentrated customer environment. And I think that positions him well to manage Pet, which one could argue is probably our most complex business as well. And also, is a very concentrated customer environment. So those are some of the reasons why, I just feel tremendously confident in this team. And I have very, very high hopes for them. So, thank you for the question. 
Mark Smucker: Pablo, this is Mark Smucker, again. Just one final point on Ainsworth. One of the reasons that we’re so excited about it is that the growth potential, the growth that that team has achieved and we believe there is room to grow, I mean there’s plenty of opportunity on that brand and we think there’s definitely upside. I will also say that the team, that team which is primarily located in Pittsburgh is a fantastic team, also they’re incredible passionate and their leader, Jeff Waters, who is a seasoned pet expert or he has got a tremendous amount of years of experience in pet has agreed to stay on and continue to drive that growth. So, we are very pleased that we still have a great team there as well and very confident in that group of people.
Mark Smucker: Scott, this is Mark Smucker. I would just add that we have seen this type of pressure in the past. We’ve been in the business a long time, and there are moments in our history and the industry's history where our retail partners push harder than others, and this happens to be one of those times. as Mark said, we have incredibly strong relationships with our customers which have helped us clearly but then I would just go back to the very first question Andrew asked is that, we have an obligation to strengthen the bond between our brands and our consumers. And in the classic sense of a push versus a pull strategy, to the extent that we are successful in strengthening the bond, the emotional bonds between consumers and our brands and consumers are demanding our brands, whether they be large or small brands, that also allows us to continue to grow our business. So, it’s not just about getting selling in our brands with our customers, it is about engaging with our consumers actively and investing in those efforts. 
Mark Smucker: We just think there is tremendous brand equity there. And as the team, the Ainsworth team has thought about further segmentation in premium. We continue to believe there are opportunities for additional segmentation there. The velocities will probably be somewhat slighter, but or slower I am sorry, but we -- again back to Dave’s point, where we build tremendous growth in where we see exceptional growth is in the premium cat and also in snack. So, dog is going to continue to grow but we moderated that growth based on just how fast the brand is growing, incremental competition within dry dog, but where we have really focused and where we believe the growth for that brand is going to come from is in premium cat and snacks. 
Mark Smucker: Yes. I would add, the launch in Canada has helped our Jif business tremendously. The fourth quarter, we picked up a significant piece of distribution, which really pushed the brand. And we have over achieved their share targets in year one. So really strong support from Canada as well. 
Mark Smucker: Okay. Thank you, all. I know it’s a long call and really appreciate you guys hanging in there. Obviously very important call, given the quarter and what we are doing. But I really do hope that you all came away with the same level of confidence that we have in the actions we are taking to realign our portfolio, focusing on the growth segments and again just encouraged by our efforts paying off wherever we focus. So still work to do, we acknowledge that. But again, I think as always, we want to thank our employees, they are awesome, and they are really what allows us to succeed and they will continue to help us drive success going forward. So, thank you for your support and have a good weekend. 
Joe Stanziano: Good morning David, this is Joe. I’ll start there; I referenced Mark’s comments earlier, our cost to support the launch of 1850 and Dunkin canister were up in the fourth quarter along with that increased trade. While we’re disappointed with those results and we wish they were better we did grow both volume and segment profit in the quarter and we saw continued momentum in strategic areas. So, our K-Cup business was up 11% we are outperforming the one cup segment in the 4, 12 and 52-week scan data. Sales of Dunkin Doughnuts and Cafe Bustelo both grew double digit this year and our launch of 1850 is off to a fast start, great retailer acceptance and execution. As Mark said we have significant investment behind that platform and our marketing programs which have started will continue to ramp up over the next few weeks.  And finally, we’ve been working to better align our cost price relationship and we feel it's in a much better position going into fiscal ’19. I think you recall where we were last year at this time and we’ve made tremendous improvements, so I would say yes pricing is still competitive but where we have made those trade investments, we are seeing results and we’re seeing volume move in the right direction. 
Joe Stanziano: Okay, Scott, sorry. This is Joe. I will take your 1850 question, yes. We are excited about 1850. It is a very different positioning than the Dunkin’ brands. It will slide into that entry-level premium segment. And the work we've done prior to launch shows that it is highly incremental. The positioning, the way we talk to the consumer, the product is very different and I think when you start to see some of our consumer communication, you will see the differences there. So, we are not concerned on cannibalization there with the Dunkin’ Donuts brand.
Joe Stanziano: This is Joe, I will take that. Yes, I mean obviously there is a lot of activity in the coffee space. I mean the Nestle-Starbucks deal, two well respected organizations, private label growth. We are always what I would say competitively vigilant and we will continue to monitor that. But we are very focused on what we have to do to execute our strategy and drive growth, and really whether it’s private label or competitive, brand competitive, we know we’ve got to do three things, invest in innovation, continue to engage with our consumers, and ensure we’re executing the right price and trade strategy. And if we can do those things we feel like we will be in a good place. 
Joe Stanziano: Yes, I would say first and foremost, measure of success would be just distribution and acceptance and I think we are well on our way our goal of full distribution, we should be there by August. So, from a standpoint of success in retail acceptance and out in the marketplace we feel like we’re well on our way there. From a bag’s perspective, again like you said very competitive state. Obviously, we have a very strong partnership with Dunkin’ Donuts. We continue to see opportunity there. The launch of 1850 as I said earlier a very different positioning, a very different consumer. Dunkin’ leveraging on that shop equity, we feel like there is opportunity with both of those great brands in the premium bag space and we will continue to support both of those as we go through the year. 
Dave Lemmon: I just add to, Ken this is Dave Lemmon. We have strong offers with the number of acceptances to move them to date, so that’s one positive. The second positive is that we have strong retention programs in place to ensure there is business continuity through the move. And I would just say that we're really excited about the opportunity of bringing the pet business under one roof and being able to harness the excitement of the entire organization against pet moving forward.
Dave Lemmon: Pablo just to touch on some of your questions with respect to Ainsworth, it’s stable environment by the way. I would say the brand is doing extremely well. We have seen it growing at 27% both on the 13 and 52-week basis. And as we look to the future on that business, we see huge upside on snacks and cat through innovation targeted behind those businesses and those segments. And then really sort of the juggernaut of the business is on dog foot and there is continued growth through wide space on distribution and through innovation planned against the brand. So, we feel very confident that the brand will continue to grow at the pace it’s currently growing.
Dave Lemmon: We are still committed to the private label business that we are packing and from a growth perspective, we expected to grow our category levels. 
Dave Lemmon: Yes. I just say, Nature’s Recipe, there is a lot of growth through the innovation in the LAD segment, delimited ingredient diet -- Natural Balance, excuse me. And the delimited ingredient diet segment. Nature’s Recipe were really pushing out on innovation in grain free in pet food and pet snacks and then on the Nutrish’s side they have over 10 concepts that they are bringing to market this year in dog, cat and snacks, and that will really provide field for growth. So, we feel very confident about that. 
Dave Lemmon: Yes, basically I don’t have much to add, this is Dave Lemmon by the way. Innovation is clear in the pipeline across both businesses obviously. We feel as though there is room for growth across all portfolios of our business and we have the most robust pipeline since we’ve owned the business. So, we feel very confident moving forward that there won’t be anything taken off of the list, there will be only things added to the list. 
Barry Dunaway: Hi, Alexia. This is Barry. Let me take the questions there. As far as the recall is concerned, a couple of comments on that. First, just to clarify, we have made the decision to exit the Gravy Train web business because of profitability challenges and we’ve made that decision last summer. So that product line did not meet our profitability hurdles. So, we had communicated that to our customers and that had actually discontinued production and then the recall occurred. We fully expect to recover all of those costs associated with that recall from our supplier who provided us with the ingredient associated with that and we expect to recover these costs by the middle of this fiscal year.  As far as knock on, Gravy Train dry business continues to perform incredibly well. If we look at consumption just over the last 13 weeks period, it’s actually up 2% despite the fact that that value segment is down I think by 9 points. So, we think that brand has tremendous equity and we have not seen the knock-on effect across the portfolio. But as far as price -- let me just talk to Wag and I know there’s been a lot of attention on Amazon’s launch there. We compete with private label in every channel where we do business, so if another private label clearly Amazon has strength with the consumer base but our Natural Balance brand, our Nature’s Recipe brand are incredibly strong, performed very well for the e-commerce channel. We will continue to invest in those brands holistically and we think we will continue to be able to compete effectively against Amazon’s brand or other private label brands that either currently exist or may appear. As far as pricing pressures and Mark alluded earlier, we are seeing cost headwinds on input costs especially against our -- across our entire portfolio and we will monitor the market and if and when it’s appropriate we will move price accordingly. So, some thoughts there on you questions. Thanks for those. 
Barry Dunaway: And this is Barry. One thing I would add is we did just take pricing on selected snacks, again where we lead in the category and where we thought it was appropriate again based on certain threshold. So that pricing has been taken to our retailers and will be effective at the end of July. 
Barry Dunaway: Akshay, this is Barry, and I think Dave and I can tag team this. As far as the growth, the numbers that Dave quoted earlier, the 27%, that is all the Rachael Ray Nutrish brand. So, by far the majority of the business is the branded side of the business and that double-digit growth will all be driven through that brand. A lot of that growth is resulting from expanded distribution of the pet specialty channel, seeing significant growth in the e-commerce channel as well and continued growth in food, drug and mass. So just to the earlier point, private label will continue to grow more in line with the category, but that significant growth will really come from the Rachael Ray Nutrish brand.  As far as innovation is concerned, we did have a view into that pipeline, somewhat limited through the diligence process but obviously now that it’s part of our company, much greater visibility and a high degree of confidence in the success that will come from that innovation pipeline. 
Barry Dunaway: And then may be just from a competitive standpoint Akshay, even with the incremental competition, the Nutrish brand's continued to grow its share in the last four consecutive periods. They have record share now at about 8.5% of dry dog. And then significant growth across premium cat, dry cat, wet cat, snacks and so forth. So that brand has tremendous strength, and yes, there is more competition but velocities continue to be strong and market share continues to grow.
