Richard Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. With a record quarter of non-GAAP earnings per share we are pleased with the start of our fiscal year. I will begin with a few highlights for the quarter. First, volume gains were achieved across a number of our major US retail brands and categories. In our Coffee segment, volume was up 2% driven by the performance of our Folgers, Café Bustelo and Dunkin’ Donuts brands. Low price realization resulted in the decline in net sales for this segment and for the company.  Within Consumer Foods volume gains were realized in several key categories including Jif peanut butter, Smucker’s fruit spreads and Crisco oils. Total volumes for the entire segment was in line with the prior year. As anticipated, volume declined in our International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segments reflecting the prior year plan business rationalizations, which will be fully lapped by the end of the calendar year. Second, as anticipated, significant improvement in Consumer Food segment profit primarily due to peanut butter drove operating income growth for the company. Lastly, this combined with lower interest expense and fewer shares outstanding, resulted in non-GAAP earnings per share increasing 11% to $1.34. We are encouraged by these results, in light of the challenging economic environment that persists. As we look ahead to the holiday period and the balance of fiscal 2015, we are optimistic in delivering another year of earnings per share growth.  This is supported by our ability to manage our price to cost relationships, the expected contribution from innovation and new products, our strong marketing and merchandising plans, our ongoing investments to optimize our supply chain and the strategic deployment of our cash flow. Let me briefly comment on our recent announcement regarding our agreement to acquire the Sahale snack business. This is an exciting enabling acquisition that adds a portfolio of innovative and on trend premium nut and fruit snacks. With the growing snacking trend, Sahale provides a new platform for growth complementing our recent innovation efforts within our consumer foods business, where we have introduced several new snacking items such as the Jif To Go dippers. We look forward to completing the acquisition next month and welcoming the Sahale employees to The Smucker Company.  Also supported by a strong balance sheet, we believe we are well-positioned to continue adding attractive brands and businesses to our portfolio. In closing, we feel good about the start of the fiscal year and are encouraged to be moving beyond certain headwinds that we have spoken to you over the past few quarters, as we continue to show progress across our businesses. We firmly believe with our commitment to our strategy, the strength of our leading brands, and our team’s ability to adapt and execute we remain well-positioned for long-term growth. With that I turn the call over to Vince.
Richard Smucker: Sure Akshay, this is Richard. Basically I agree with everything you said, the activity has increased, we’ve been able to get a couple of nice tuck-ins and enabling acquisitions which we continue to look for those opportunities along with Bolton and obviously occasionally some transformational. But you’re right there is more activity in, and we are in a good position to play in that space because we have a very strong balance sheet and a good currency in a stock if necessary. So other than that, I think you’re right on the analysis of where the market today. Mark you might have a comment on that.
Richard Smucker: And Jonathan if you’re satisfied with Mark’s answer, I will answer the one on M&A, this Richard, obviously our strategy is to own the number one brand, it’s only the centre of the story in North America. That allows us to play in a lot of categories that we are not in today. So if you look at the transformational acquisitions, I think you could be confident that we’re looking in a number of different categories that are beyond the current categories that we are in today. We weren’t in coffee as you know, six years ago, and we are now in coffee in a place of significant role. And we think that there are several other categories that could fit very nicely. Now the Sahale acquisition is a nice feat and gets us into snacking category in a small way to really learn that business.  But we think that has some real expert growth as we’ve mentioned already, but that’s one category we weren’t really, we were dabbling in with some of the products, but now that gets us in a bigger way. But there are other categories out there that we do think would settle down. We hope that at some point in time is something to be announced, but nothing today.
Richard Smucker: Chuck this is Richard, and just add to that, we also haven’t given on original top line growth goals. We go back to our sales team and say, hey we were a little bit short in the first quarter, how are you going to make up the difference? So it’s not just bottom-line, we have some leverage we can pull to make sure we’re heading both of those.
Mark Belgya: Alexia, this is Mark Belgya. I guess it is a little hard to hear your question quite candidly, it was breaking up a bit. But I think what we would say generally across our businesses as opposed to getting into specifics of any three, you’ll recall at the end of the year we said that we expected our segment profits to be up in all three of our segments.  I think that’s still a fair comment despite you know where coffee came in. I think what I would say is that we expect overall to be up consistently in total because obviously we’re not adjusting guidance. I think the mix between the three segments may be a little bit different than what we expected out of the gate.
Mark Belgya: Sure. I think just to restate our order of preference of spending our cash, we have our general umbrella statement of 50% shareholders, 50% for the business which we have held true to. M&A and finding the right strategic investment is clearly the number one use of cash and as we made a small acquisition and will be here in the next quarter would be our number one use.  But I think we have demonstrated that if there are not opportunities we still feel that buying back shares is a good use of our cash. Again just to remind everyone we sort of set a general guideline of a couple of percentage points of outstanding shares which is about 2 million shares currently.
Mark Belgya: David this is Mark Belgya. The result of the first quarter were a little below where we planned. But obviously it’s early in the year, so we’ve maintained guidance and what you’re going to see is we’re going to see some productivity gains we think through the course of the year. We are obviously looking at budgets.  There will be some marketing adjustments as well, but to that point you can imagine with 5.5% of our sales and marketing if you do the math it’s $300 million and at quarter end to the year there is some flexibility as far as addressing that without impacting the businesses too strongly. So we feel pretty confident to get that. So it’s a combination of those things that we will see flow-through over the last three quarters.
Mark Belgya: Hey Mario this is Mark Belgya. Yes we clearly had strong margins, I think it reflected, probably most key was a turnaround in the peanut butter business. That has been the drag quite candidly for the last four or five quarters. Obviously even though Coffee profit dollars were down, they still maintain a strong segment percentage.  So, I don’t see dramatic changes, I think its normal course as we move through the next couple of quarters you do tend to see a little bit margin because as our baking business plays a larger part because of Fall Bake that as you know the lower margin business. So I think you will see some pull down from the first quarter.  And then I think as you look forward it’s is going to become a bit of a function of what pricing does because as you know we focus on profit dollar growth. So if we were to see any kind of significant price movement increasing that top line, that will moderate the margin accordingly.
Mark Belgya: As far as a combinations, we said [day-to-year] that we will have about $10 million of additional benefits from the full-year operations of our [Oregon] plan and given that is kind of running smoothly. So that we continue to see, and that was in our original guidance and that continued.  I think in the other as we are going to cover some of that top line for all that we spoke to, will really be a function of focusing on the spending side, and this will hold through across our manufacturing facilities as well as a corporate function.  So that will be the driver, I would say, of most of the production opportunities. Again it’s earlier in the year, it doesn’t allow the team some flexibility to look at where some spending that might not be as necessary as originally planned. That’s where we’ll focus for first.
Mark Belgya: Obviously the only thing that I would add is, when you kind of look at the transaction in depth, what is different and what’s driving some of these multiples and valuations may be lost a few years ago, and I think the one thing you do hear quite a bit and I know several of our peers have announced transactions, there is this whole concept of buying down the multiples.  And so while you are seeing sort of this 11, 12, 13, 14 times being paid in the market, the ability of companies to take advantage of synergies and then also the step up invasive is really allowing companies to do transactions that at the end of the day if they execute adjusted properly, you get them down to more traditional valuation. So I think, until the interested environment changes and there is evidence that maybe that strategy that will ][continue on synergies doesn’t play out, I think you will continue to see this heightened levels.
Mark Belgya: Rob this is Mark Belgya I’m trying to clarify here on both your questions. On first one, the peanut butter, because last year, probably actually the last six to seven quarters was just much lower than the average that what you are seeing is return. I mean mostly that profit gain in the [pulse] segment was due to peanut butter. And that was doing their expectation and I think the growth in the business as you just is to continue, so we’ll still see profitability.  But that was the big step up, and then in terms of the just the overall profitability, your take is correct, I mean we fell a little bit short on the coffee side, so the other two segments will continue to make up the difference to help land at the original guidance for the company.
Mark Belgya: Our expectation and you heard us say this a hundred times, our expectation is grow every business every year and I am not saying that blindly, but we would expect continue to maintain that portion of that overall profit pool and as we look to the year and would still see some profit growth just maybe not to the degree view originally had at the outset.
Mark Belgya: Chuck this is Mark Belgya, we’ve been reiterating some of the points a little bit earlier is that, being one quarter in gives us a lot of flexibility in terms of looking in, and as you know any budget has some discretionary funds in that. So right now the challenge of across the organization is to look and we will implement changes.  We’re not enough posts situation here, I don’t want to come across as being that drastic it’s just being very prudent in cost management and using eight months of the remaining fiscal year to close a little bit of that and to maintain that guidance. But there are levels that we can pull in dollars that we can pull back on from budget perspective.
Mark Belgya: I think that there are not going to be dramatic changes from the original. I’m in a little bit of the SD&A should improve just from the commentary that we’ve had as it relates to an administrative type expenses and marketing and that’s where that would fall out.  But gross [profit] comments earlier, there is a little bit of mix shift when moving from coffee that I can get, I don’t think it’s significant, original expectations and again keep coming back it was still our original guidance, so you’ll just a little bit of improvement on the SD&A side of the course of the remainder of three quarters and maybe just a little bit of erosion of gross profit but hopefully we can compensate that based upon what riches comments were enjoying some additional sales particularly in coffee.
Mark Belgya: No, from my original commentary for the fiscal year. I don’t have exactly my language, I know we didn’t just think of basis points increases out of the beginning of the year, but I think we said that gross profit would be sort of in line with our income before tax expectations, so its like 3% or 4%, I think that still kind of where we’re looking at.
Mark Belgya: Yeah if you look across the business and again you always have to be a little bit careful because mix (inaudible) in to this because as you know in this quarter we had baking was down which was a large volume, you know sales dollar of the margin business.  But I would say that we expected a modest increase at the beginning of the year, and we probably see it tweaking down just a little bit to being flat. I mean we’re talking about a percentage point basically. So closer to flat but again mix will come in to play with the course of the year depending upon where volume shakes out. 
Mark Belgya: Akshay the short answer would be that we’re still in the process of filling the pipeline with both new products and some of the new channels that we recently got rights for offset by some of the recent declines in the Millstone items.
Vince Byrd: Chris, this is Vince Byrd. I would say yes we are on target to still launch well over 100 new items this year. As you know we’ve also done that over the past couple of years. I believe we actually had about $80 million of new products contribute in the first quarter that are not in the portfolio three years ago, and we can turn to the three presidents but at this point we have not changed our innovation pipeline and what we plan to introduce.
Vince Byrd: Mario, this is Vince. I would only add that although much of a smaller scale, it’s not that too dissimilar to when we acquired the Folgers business that had a very strong presence in the dollar channel where we did not have much distribution. And if you look at Sahale, even where they are merchandised in the store and produce section et cetera will be new for us. But we really think we’ll be able to leverage our go-to-market strategy and maybe a more traditional channels to really help grow that business in the future.
Vince Byrd: When you look at the share trends, which are positive, you look at the 12 week share trends sequentially. We’ve actually had some nice results in all of a segments; so K-Cup has stabilized and maybe increased slightly, and then you look at premium in mainstream and those also have positive trends as well, and we attribute that success to obviously our promotional efforts, our brand support efforts.  And we have seen that shelf recess has occurred in the roast and ground space, we have one, and in fact we have maintained the number of items on shelf versus competition in the premium space some of the smaller or smaller brands would have lost, and so we clearly have been successful on that front. On the K-Cup side, it’s a little bit more of a mixed bag clearly having Bustelo and some of our new items has helped us, and I think as we are still trying to study how that has impacted us, but I think while we would say it is positive, and it just really varies by customer. And then, Matthew you had another question on K-Cup.
Vince Byrd: So in this expanded channels we did talk last time about dollar, online and club and we have had some nice successes in all of that which has contributed to our success in the quarter.
Vince Byrd: Akshay, this is Vince, as we’ve said before our Dunkin relationship is also equally very, very strong. We continue to work with them on a premium side than it is to a number of new products. We continue to look at opportunities between our two companies for growth that will benefit both them and us, and there is really nothing new to report as it relates to K-Cup, we’re exploring a number of opportunities between the two companies.
Vince Byrd: Akshay this is Vince, I think we need to take a step back. I mean we grew the coffee business 2% in the quarter coming off a strong quarter last year, and we grew virtually every brand and yes we might have had higher expectations, we are very, very pleased with where we started the fiscal year on coffee. Again roast and ground has grown for nine consecutive quarters, and I think we’re very very pleased with that result. So yes it might have been slightly below our expectations, but if you take a step back and look at those results, if you very good and I think we’re positioned for the balance of the year.
Vince Byrd: Robert, I think you’re correct if you read what’s going on in our industry and from what our peers are saying, there is a lot of merchandising activity and some degree we are all competing regardless of categories. But we feel very comfortable as Paul Wagstaff articulated earlier with both the back-to-school activity. In fact one could argue that we have more merchandising issues than we’ve had in the last few years, and then secondly as we look in to the holiday period we feel very, very comfortable. We feel comfortable with our price points across our portfolio, and so there is no doubt that it’s a challenge but can’t use it as an excuse. We have leading brands and we need to make sure that we get a fair share of those opportunities and programs.
Vince Byrd: Is going to vary by each of those segments as primary Mark and Paul have articulated because when that particular community rests, and again Crisco Oil would be down, peanut butter may be up, et cetera et cetera, we won’t go back won’t rehash them all, but it’s going to vary. 
Mark Smucker: This is Mark Smucker, Chris. And Just in coffee we are very pleased with the lineup of new products that we have coming out, obviously Bustelo and K-Cup is a notable one. But we do have new products in every segment and are launching a line of Folgers flavors it’s basically coffee flavoring in a very small container that is essentially a new segment. So we are excited about what we have in the pipeline, as these things go, during this time of the fiscal year it is a little bit early because shipments have just begun, but we are optimistic.
Mark Smucker: Chris, this is Mark. The short answer is, yes there is increased competitive activity. From a pricing perspective I would tell you that the increased competitive activity is more around the frequency of promotions than it is around going deeper, and so I think that across the category you’re just seeing more activity. But the relative pricing between brands remains more or less in line with our expectations just from being rational. That said, you are right we can’t comment on our pricing actions, but in light of the competitive situation we certainly will evaluate it.
Mark Smucker: Farha its Mark Smucker. It is in line with our expectation. As you know part of the reason, for obviously we take price to be transparent with our customers. Part of the reason we took in the first quarter was to make sure that we had our pricing strategy set for the key holiday period.  So, literally as we speak, we are seeing pricing move on shelf both in our own business as well as all of the key competitors. So we would expect that relative price gaps will continue to manage and do a good job doing that, and so overall I think the pricing across it, the category and the segments within it are in line with our expectations.
Mark Smucker: Hi Akshay its Mark Smucker. So I think we haven’t really changed our outlook in terms of, we do expect mid-single digit volume growth on K-Cup, and as you look across the segment shares are starting to stabilize a little bit, and we have seen over the past 12 weeks saw the unlicensed growth has slowed somewhat and you’ve seen the license player shares also sort of settled. We did fear as I mentioned earlier, a small uptick in our share and so we are encouraged by that, but of course we need to continue to support the business. And then on 2.0, clearly we’re confident that we are with the right partner. Our partnership with Green Mountain as we have said before has been fantastic and we continue to be optimistic about that. We will in all of these formats that the 2.0 machine will brew, and just believe in the consumer benefits that that new technology brings to bear in terms of flexibility and so forth. Keurig has done a great job of building a strong brand portfolio, and I think as you’ve seen in the segment, with good support the strong brands, winning brands will continue to win.
Mark Smucker: Hi Jonathan this is Mark Smucker, I will start with your question 2.0. Really the contribution this year is minimal. If you take into consideration that Keurig will be also settling 1.0 Brewers alongside that. With that aside, even if that were not the case it would take some time before those 2.0 brewers would make their way into a significant portion of household that would be meaningful across a business. And so I would tell you that this year the contribution would be minimal.
Mark Smucker: Sure David its Mark Smucker. I would start just by saying that the relationship with the Life is good folks is fantastic, and we really had a lot in common with those guys, they do a very nice job with their brand. But at the end of the day, we did some research we felt that coffee and their brand did well together.  What we learned although the products were very good products but we learned was it that the relevancy of that brand was very decent on the coast, so on the East and West Coast but elsewhere the brand awareness was very low. And so we just saw a good trial out of the gate but poor repeat purchase because I think that the consumer has a number of choices in that category and that brand unfortunately just did not survive.
Mark Smucker: Well obviously David we are still, the team is still working through it. I would suspect that it will be basically in line, maybe slightly above last year’s spend. And again just to reiterate I made this commentary on a couple of quarters when we’ve adjusted marketing is that, we are committed to market in a good portion but there is still some flexibility, and we underscore that were quite comfortable with what we have on air.  We did a lot of production last year so we got some great commercial that are still in the can to be run. So we are looking at those dollars that either we had more flexibility or will not have a dramatic impact. But I suspect it will be right about last year’s level or maybe just a tad bit above.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Chris, this is Paul, just from a Consumer Food perspective if I just add on to what Mark said, on the peanut butter side and overall we are excited about the snacking opportunity obviously with Sahale, but then also with Jif dippers and new product we’ve launched on the Jif side which is doing very well out of the gate. Our seasonals and our bold frostings on Pillsbury continue to do well, we are excited about the upcoming fall bake, and in Fruit-Fulls for the Smucker brands, again that’s early launch, but we see some good results out of the gate and we are feeling comfortable that that’s going to be a great line in the future. 
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Hi Mario this is Paul and again we are very excited about this Sahale opportunity. The snacking category as you all know is growing very significantly and they have a really unique portfolio of products that are very great obviously tasting products but also they are positioned well, little premium and that distribution is not full I would say, so there is opportunity for us to gain distribution in other channels.  And then also the learnings that we get from them we can also apply to some of other brands. So although it is very early in the process as we stand today, we do feel very comfortable that there is going to be opportunity not only just for Sahale but some offer other brands. So, we are excited with that.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Show Matthew this is Paul. So couple of things, I would say that we are optimistic on our business as far as the new items that we’re planning on launching. We’re trying to focus on some of the key trends that are occurring from a consumer perspective, things like simple ingredients, and we have some products that we are coming out launching on that front, gluten-free items and our seasonal items continue to do very well. We’ve clearly focused on our frosting category which is where we are the number one and also it’s profitable for us. In the last year there was about 200 items that were launched in the baking category alone, and so that’s added to some of the complexity of the category and some of the additional competitiveness that’s taken place in that section, and so some of those new items have been more fib-related and more I would say not as relevant as some other ones. So we would hope some of that would get sort through and we would focus on more of the longer term trends that our items that we think are going after. Additionally we think about our merchandising for Fall Bake, we are a very good position with the Pillsbury business, and when we think about oil, oil is looking fantastic. We had a very good quarter last year, a great quarter first quarter, and we look good for Fall Bake. So when we think of our total baking business, I think we want to include the Crisco brand as well as a Pillsbury brand. So we feel very good about going forward.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Hi John this is Paul. When we think about the peanut butter category, right now we feel our business is very good and we think about the back-to-school we have great merchandising in place. The early consumer takeaway seems to be very strong which we are pleased to see. From a competitor perspective, we would say that all the players, we categorize it that all the key players are really playing responsibly. It’s competitive, there is no doubt about that, we are seeing some deals which you typically see around this time of year back-to-school, but overall we feel pretty good about the health of the category. There are a lot of new items that are coming into this segment, not only us but other competitors and we feel that’s going to overall increase the usage peanut butter. And keep in mind it’s still one of the cheapest protein out in the market place, and with some of the higher costs that we’ve seen on the meat side of the business, meat side of the category protein, we feel very good about where peanut butter is going to play.
Steve Oakland: Yeah, certainly, I think similar to what Mark said on timing, many of the new items in IF&F specifically Canada are around the baking season. So those are really not impacting the business yet, we expect those to impact the business in the second and third quarters. And I think we’ll start to see the impact of Enray as we get later in the fiscal year. There’s a lot of work on new distribution and new items from Enray. So we are excited about it but the impact has yet to be felt.
Steve Oakland: Yes, certainly. The impact of this quarter was the Canadian dollar, was the exits and the trade spend, and if you remember we made those trade spend adjustments primarily in the third and fourth quarters. So those are flowing through the income statements in the first quarter against the quarter that didn’t have those. So as that volume normalizes, that trade spend volume normalizes, I think we will see favorability in the back half. We also feel very strongly that the merchandizing programs both in our Canadian business and in our Natural Foods business are very strong for the back half, and we’re seeing momentum in our Food Service business on our Folgers liquid coffee business. So, we think the businesses are actually individually performing well, all of the noise should flush its way out by the end of the year. We’ll have the exits behind us, and we think we can make up quite frankly the currency impact and still show modest growth for the full year.
Steve Oakland: That is similar to how the see it. I would expect, the only difference in that I would expect a little contribution from truRoots and Enray business in the second quarter.
Steve Oakland: Sure. Hi Chuck, Steve Oakland. Chuck if you remember we made a conscious decision, large piece of volume of Santa Cruz organic was the lemonade, and that lemonade was promoted across traditional grocery at very aggressive price points, 10 per 10 per organic lemonade. Two years ago, we stepped away from that and we’ve positioned that brand more consistent with the way its positioned across other categories and other beverages, and we’ve taken those price points up. So really other than that the Santa Cruz brand is very healthy today, as is ours. We had a great quarter in traditional and instant beverages. So if you strip the noise out from the lemonade change, actually we see growth in that business now and we see a lot of opportunities to extend it.  As you know it’s in pouched organic apple sauce, its in peanut butter, it’s in a lot of other categories.
Akshay Jagdale: A couple of questions on the K-Cup business, can you give us an update on what your expectations are for K-Cup sales growth for those of 2015? It seems like the quarter at least from where I sense came in better than I thought on the K-Cup side comment has some pretty easy comps especially in the back half of that business.  You mentioned your share trends have re-stabilized and you’re getting some incremental pace, and from what I know the new Keurig on the 2.0 is also going to be positive for your new products. So can you just give us an overall update on sort of sales growth expectations and maybe talk a little bit about the 2.0 launch and so what impact that might have on your business.
Akshay Jagdale: That’s helpful and then any update on your relationship with Dunkin, obviously the trends in the premium coffee side continue to be strong. So can you give us an update as to where you stand as it relates to the K-Cup business potentially.
Akshay Jagdale: Just one last one on M&A, can you use an overall update on what you’re seeing in terms of activity in the M&A space that seems to me obviously there’s been a pickup in general in terms of M&A deals in the food space. You guys have obviously made some tuck-in acquisitions, so it seems to me that maybe valuations might be a lot of [rich]. Can adjust help us understand the dynamics on the M&A side as you see them, thank you.
Akshay Jagdale: Thanks for taking this follow-up, this one is for Mark, you mention the mid-single digit growth expectation for volumes in K-Cup. I mean you are at 8% growth this quarter the category is still growing double-digit and your share is improving.  So why is that not - I mean I understand that you want to be conservative but is my characterization of it being conservative in light of the facts we’ve seen so far. Is that the right characterization or why should we expect 5% growth when your share is improving and the category is growing double-digit.
Akshay Jagdale: And then just overall on your guidance for the full year, so why did the coffee business margins or sales come in below your expectation, what were the drivers of that, was that the pricing to cost lag, take of business, can give us some color on that and maybe an order or magnitude. 
