Tucker Marshall: We are certainly pleased with our third quarter performance. And as you've noted, we anticipate the business momentum to continue into the fourth quarter. Specifically to your question, we would anticipate pet to slow down a bit in the fourth quarter, but still continue its momentum across the portfolio.
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, we did see a normalization of our Pet supply chain specifically on Meow Mix in support of manufacturing that was a contributor to the third quarter. And we would still anticipate in the fourth quarter the Pet gross double digits.
Tucker Marshall: Ken, with respect to marketing associated with our Sweet Baked snacks business, we anticipate a step up in marketing in the coming quarters in support of the brand and our excitement of the portfolio and the opportunity to continue to advance and support the growth of the Hostess brands or portfolio. We have contemplated that at the time of acquisition. We have contemplated that as we gave our outlook for this fiscal year. And we've contemplated that as we think about what potential contribution Hostess could provide for FY '25. Certainly, we look forward to providing a little bit more of the detail of what that step up is on our fourth quarter earnings call when we give the outlook for next fiscal year.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. So it's really a pull forward of some expenses that we had thought would time out into next fiscal year. We have not raised our outlook for the overall transaction and integration expenses. It's more of an impact of timing.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. Peter, so we’ve an outlook for this fiscal year, and it's approximately $140 million. That's on a 12-month period. As we think about next year, we know that contract manufacturing sales will continue through -- largely through the first half of our fiscal. I think the cadence will be able to articulate a little bit better on our fourth quarter fall. But I think it probably makes sense to sort of work with $140 million and think about sort of the front half.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. Tom, maybe for awareness purposes, stranded overhead and contract manufacturing sales are independent. So first of all, speaking to contract manufacturing sales, the outlook for this fiscal year today is $140 million. It is essentially at no profit. Those sales will begin to go away halfway through next fiscal year. The removal or the elimination of contract manufacturing sales really does not address stranded overhead. Stranded overhead outlook for this fiscal year is a net $0.60 impact. We had said since the time of divestiture, there would be an impact in FY '24 and in FY '25. To date, we've not outlined what the FY '25 impact is other than to note there will be an impact. As you think about stranded overhead, really what is driving that and the predominance of what will need to be addressed is our network, largely driven by distribution. So as the post volume and/or product leaves our distribution environment, we need to right size that in support of addressing stranded overhead among other activities that we've already identified and are beginning to address for the benefit of next fiscal year. And then ultimately, we believe by the time we step into FY '26, we should begin to have address stranded overhead and begin to get it behind us.
Tucker Marshall: So as we think about the Uncrustables venture, there's three areas where we see incremental costs. One is as we begin to bring the McCalla facility online that becomes an overhead carrying cost. The second component is as we advance the building of McCalla, there's a preproduction expenses that we've also have in our full year guidance. And then last is, we have turned on marketing and so there's incremental marketing. And a portion of the outlook for marketing, switching from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, is not only due to timing, but you're also seeing the step up associated of Uncrustables support for the business or the portfolio.
Tucker Marshall: Rob, with respect to your free cash flow question, you're correct, the outlook for the fiscal year is now $500 million. The change of $30 million is largely driven by the cash taxes, as you have noted, being partially offset by just a little bit stronger earnings and also a little bit more favorability coming across all working capital.
Tucker Marshall: We do expect to step up over time, and so we may not be completed there in fiscal '25. It will be a journey.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. Absolutely, Steve. And we certainly appreciate that the Group is looking for clarity on this. We are doing our best without providing an estimate for FY '25. But going back to this fiscal year, we have a net $0.60 impact to earnings per share as a result of stranded overhead. That net impact is total stranded overhead costs less by TSA income and reimbursement for services. So we will end our transition services agreement about midway through the fiscal year. So therefore, we will not be collecting the income associated with those services. Secondly is, we receive reimbursement for utilization of Smucker infrastructure, such as our distribution environment. And as a result of that, when ultimately post exits our distribution facilities, we won't be receiving reimbursement. So the company through our transformation office has begun to address stranded overhead this fiscal year for the benefit of next fiscal year, but there are certain activities that we can't address until the TSA is completed, until they exit our distribution facilities, and we can rationalize some of that network. Steve, I hope that helps provide context just around the framework and the mechanics certainly appreciate you're not the only one asking. So hopefully, that additional color is helpful to you and others.
Tucker Marshall: Contract manufacturing, considerations are independent of stranded overhead considerations, whether they be qualitative or quantitative.
Tucker Marshall: As we ramp up Uncrustables production in McCalla, we will continue to see an impact associated with carrying overhead and a level of preproduction expenses we are still refining what that estimate will be. But the great thing about McCalla is it will be producing saleable sandwiches for the benefit of fiscal year '25. As you think about our transformation office, we continue to be very pleased with our initial year where we've stood up the office where we've created almost 10 active work streams and support of cost and productivity savings in support of realizing synergies associated with the Hostess acquisition and also in support of addressing stranded overhead associated with the divested pet food brands. And the exciting thing is it's not only contributing dollars for reinvestment back into the business, but it's supporting our earnings and earnings growth and delivery, but it's also enabling new ways of working for our employees and cross-functional teams to really deliver great benefits to our company and organization.
Tucker Marshall: So Rob, as we think about the Coffee momentum through the year, the business continues to perform across the portfolio, and we're very pleased with the brands and with the formats. To your point, we've seen Coffee margins improve. As we have gone through the fiscal year, particularly as we have lapped larger cost baskets and gotten into more normalized cost baskets. And so we continue to see the strength of the portfolio. I think we are focused on sort of the high 20s, as we've said in previous earnings calls in support of having healthy margins in the portfolio, but also in support of reinvesting in the business for the health and strength of our brands. And also as we think about our desired growth in liquid coffee. And then furthermore, as we continue to think about the trajectory of coffee, we always assess the volatility in the green coffee market. And we also ensure that we are passing through pricing when appropriate and prudent, both on the upside and the downside of inflation or deflation. And then lastly is, the Coffee margin profile will continue to be strong in the fourth quarter. But then as we think about our first quarter of any fiscal year, it tends to be our sort of softer margin quarter of the full fiscal year.
Tucker Marshall: Rob, we continue to be very excited about the trajectory of the Uncrustables venture brand and/or portfolio. We are still on track to the $1 billion ambition by the end of FY '26, you have noted. We said directionally, on average, that might be about $100 million per year. I think right now, that's where our focus is to ensure that we get to that ambition as we continue to build out traditional distribution channels and territories, along with new distribution channels as well. And so I think that, that's probably the framework that I would use as you think about modeling the glide path of Uncrustables over the next several years.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. So as we think about the third quarter performance on Coffee, we saw nice momentum from a volume mix standpoint. Obviously, we had the deflationary impact as a result of taking pricing, continue to be very pleased with the momentum on Cafe Bustelo and Dunkin' along with our K-Cup portfolio. They all performed well in the quarter. Folgers also had a very strong quarter as well, but it was a little softer from a volume mix standpoint as we were lapping a key retailer activity in the prior quarter. And we continue to be very pleased with how we are considering the momentum into our fourth quarter as well.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. Max, we have really strengthened the portfolio over the last several years with investments across our key brands, along with reshaping the portfolio. And so we feel very confident in the ongoing growth of the Uncrustables, Frozen Handheld, demonstrating category leadership and spreads, continuing to demonstrate at-home coffee leadership with the continued growth of the Cafe Bustelo, Dunkin' and K-Cup portfolios. And then thinking about our pet momentum, as we think about Milk-Bone and also Meow Mix and then also the contribution from the Hostess acquisition, but to your point, back on the core portfolio. As it relates to just the impact of inflationary pressures associated with the consumers' purchasing behavior, we continue to monitor and assess and understand what that means to our core portfolio. But what we have seen over the last several quarters is continued growth across the portfolio and demonstrating volume growth. And our expectation is that we continue to demonstrate momentum.
Mark Smucker: Yes. Sure, Peter. Thanks for the question. If I may, I might just start a bit more high level on the total business and then answer your question specifically. I think first and foremost, we feel great about our performance this quarter. We feel that it is, in many ways, a validating moment and our strategic journey. And I know that all of you on the call particularly our analysts, our sell-side community has been very closely watching us over the last 3 years along that journey, they reshape of our portfolio, the building of these capabilities, the focus on execution, the marketing expertise, the selling expertise, the supply chain resiliency, all of those things really, for us, helped to sort of validate that we've made the right decisions and choices along the way. And ultimately, it starts with the consumer and understanding what the consumer wants. So I would like just to take a moment and just highlight how proud we are of these results, the underlying business momentum and that we have -- we feel very confident in the decisions that we've made and the way that we've been able to reshape our portfolio. As it relates specifically to Uncrustables, our confidence in that brand has not wavered. We are on track to start up the McCalla, Alabama facility this calendar year. And we knew that we were lapping of huge comp in the prior Q3 because the long month, Colorado, the second plant expansion was completed. And so we were able to gain a significant amount of distribution in last year's third quarter. And so obviously, we were lapping that in the retail space. And in addition, we still saw -- in addition to the lap in the retail space, we still saw really good performance in both Canada and very strong performance in the Away From Home space. But I think notably, if you look at consumer takeaway in the quarter, the consumer takeaway remains very strong, which again, helps to support our confidence in the double-digit growth and the reacceleration of the brand as we move forward into the next several quarters. And then I guess just one final point about Uncrustables, remember, we just turned on marketing. So we've had great -- not only the advertising, both in traditional and social channels, but also the endorsements that we've had across some of our professional sports sponsorships and then our ability to continue to gain distribution in all of those channels just supports the confidence in that brand.
Mark Smucker: Sure, Chris. It's Mark. I'd say overall, we feel very good. Obviously, growth, we view will continue to be driven by Bustelo, Dunkin' and then K-Cups broadly across all brands. Our K-Cup performance in the category -- in the quarter, rather, was very good. We outpaced the category. We gained just over 0.5 point of share in K-Cup, and that includes solid performance on Folgers. And then, of course, as we've launched liquid, some liquid executions and Dunkin'. Dunkin' in the shelf-stable coffee aisle has already sort of captured that #2 position in liquid coffee concentrate. And we're launching similar Bustelo executions in the same format that are coming here in the next -- by the end of the fiscal. And so we feel very good about our performance in Coffee. Folgers is a mature brand, but we are pleased with the performance there as we've continued to -- our share of voice. We are advertising on all of our brands. And so we have a very strong share of voice there. And so just feeling generally optimistic about the coffee category in total and recognizing that we need to continue to shift and start to own some of the liquid executions as we have, but that segment is going to continue to grow. K-Cups will continue to be a very important part of the segment. And our goal is to continue to move to where the consumer is headed as well.
Mark Smucker: Yes. It's -- Chris, it's Mark, again. It's pretty much across the board in marketing. I wouldn't say it really -- it doesn't skew to one business or another. I think you can generally apply it, it spreads pretty evenly. I guess I would just remind the group as well that we are committed to continuing supporting our brands through marketing. We -- over time and depending on obviously pricing and relative pricing, we still strive to be in that 6% to 7%-ish of net sales. Obviously, it varies a little bit by category. But marketing is really key to our model, and it's important to maintain a reasonable level of spend to support the brands over time.
Mark Smucker: Sure, Rob, it's Mark. I'll start on innovation. I think reading between the lines of your question, one of the things that you might have been referencing is [indiscernible], right? Because that was a pretty large innovation and really pleased with the performance on [indiscernible]. It hits on a lot of different consumer insights, if you will, in terms of what -- why consumers enjoy that product. I would also just point out that Hostess has been very successful in their innovation of doing iterative innovation. I mean some of that -- sometimes that's seasonal, sometimes that's variations on flavors, fillings, those types of things. That will continue, that needs to continue. And as I talked about the complimentary capabilities that Hostess team has as well as our legacy team, we view without giving too much way that they’re continuing to be great opportunities for continued growth, innovation being a key driver of growth going forward. So we won't be unveiling anything just today, but wanted to just make sure that we are focused on it, the pace of innovation, the cycle times of innovation are still very important and protecting that and fueling it will continue to be a focus for us.
Mark Smucker: Rob, just generally, I think that as we look at any of our categories, we want to make sure that we are being thoughtful and prudent about pricing and that we are recovering our costs. And generally speaking, not over recovering. So at the end of the day, we have to be responsible to the consumer, obviously, to our shareholders and making sure that we are doing the right things for the business, where we feel that from a pricing perspective, right now, we are in a good place, that the price is -- the pricing is set where it needs to be. And we will continue to compete effectively with the other brands in the marketplace.
Mark Smucker: Alexia, it's Mark. I think we don't -- we are not seeing anything abnormal in promotional spend. We are generally back to pre-pandemic promotional levels across our categories, the categories and competition, in our view, is behaving normally and rationally. So we don't see anything out of the ordinary from a promotional standpoint.
Mark Smucker: I would -- a couple of comments. I think the first is our categories have continued to perform very well in this environment. I mean you have this notion that within our categories, we play across the value spectrum. So we offer products that are -- the consumer views as more value, whether it's Folgers or traditional Milk-Bone, dog biscuits are obviously more affordable. We've also seen some of our premium offerings continue to perform well. So I think the breadth of our offering has served us well. We have a relatively low incidence of private-label competition, relatively lower than other categories in our what you have in our portfolio. So that's been helpful. Even when you -- in areas where you have seen some consumers shifting a bit, what I would might highlight is natural meat and pet. So you see our Pepperoni brand, maybe a little bit softer than it has in the past. That's indicative of the entire sort of Soft and Chewy pet snack category. So that's not just us, but I think it's across competition as well. That said, brands like Milk-Bone that have -- that play across that value spectrum have actually been able to pick up the slack of where we have seen some maybe temporary softness in some of those other brands.
Mark Smucker: Pam, I would love to tell you the number or the direction for next fiscal year, but that would be inappropriate until we finish our planning process. So unfortunately, we'll have to do that on the fourth quarter earnings call. I'm sorry.
Mark Smucker: Thank you. Appreciate everyone joining the call this morning. It was actually great to see you all at CAGNY last week. And obviously, there, we were able to share our strategy more holistically and why we are so confident about the journey we've been on and the future of this business. Obviously, we hope you recognize the strong momentum in the third quarter, another great quarter for us and none of that would have been possible that are awesome employees. So I just want to take a moment to acknowledge our great employees, again, welcome the Hostess folks and the brands to our portfolio and just remain optimistic for the future and hope you all have a great day.
