Tucker Marshall: Andrew, good morning. We are continuing to experience cost inflation that is having a mid- to high-teens impact on our cost of product goods sold. That is not a change from what we said in our initial outlook for this fiscal year. There are two areas that we continue to assess; one is the Jif impact is coming in better than anticipated, so that has supported our margin uplift from the bottom end of the range; and two, as we continue to manage costs within our overall infrastructure to the extent that we are able to in this environment. As you have noted, we still anticipate 15 points of pricing for the full fiscal year. There is not a material change to that from our original guidance. And again, what we are carrying in from fiscal 2022 is about mid-single digits and actions that we have taken for the full benefit of fiscal 2023 is high-single digits as well on the pricing front.
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. Absolutely. So, as you know, we came into the fiscal year with a $0.90 impact associated with the Jif peanut butter recall. That estimate is now $0.80. We did have the opportunity to come back faster both from a manufacturing standpoint and then beginning to refill the shelves at the respective retailers and so we were able to see benefit, which enabled us to reduce from $0.90 to $0.80. To your point, we did contemplate in the estimate the anticipated insurance recovery. Folks may be reading the income statement classification of where that recovery resides, but it was always contemplated in the estimate. To your point, we had a $0.65 impact in Q1. Therefore, we have about $0.15 left to go in Q2 and a little bit into Q3, but again, nothing material beyond the first quarter.
Tucker Marshall: Chris, the $0.65 impact in the quarter did have the anticipated insurance recovery. There’s still a $0.15 exposure in Q2 and Q3.
Tucker Marshall: Correct. We have factored in what we believe is the appropriate factor for the insurance recovery and our total $0.80 estimates…
Tucker Marshall: Again, the predominance that came through in Q1 and I just acknowledged to you that the impact was against the $0.65.
Tucker Marshall: Rob, good morning. We brought the guidance range at the midpoint up $0.35, about $0.10 of that is coming from volume mix, about $0.15 of that is coming from cost of products sold, but then embedded in that first $0.25 is the $0.10 benefit from the Jif estimate going from $0.90 to $0.80 and then you have got about $0.10 of SG&A that comprises your $0.35. In terms of the flows, as you think about for the rest of the year, maybe we can follow up with that offline and help you with your flows. But that is how we are seeing the earnings construction from going from 8.05% at midpoint to currently 8.40% [ph]. And then I would just lastly acknowledge that, as we continue to see the Pet momentum continue through the balance of the year, as we continue to see consumer momentum inclusive of Jif recovery and the International Away from Home momentum and then that’s being partially offset by coffee topline momentum. So just to give you a sense of how we are thinking about both bottomline and topline.
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. The profit growth should pick up on a sequential basis in the second, third and fourth quarters, as it gets beyond the first quarter impact associated with the Jif peanut butter recall.
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. Why don’t I start just with our assumption around marketing spend for the fiscal year. So we did experience some SG&A favorability in the first quarter associated with marketing. However, we remain committed to spending the dollars that we planned at the beginning of the year and are still maintaining our guidance of 5.5% of net sales spend against our brands. We believe it’s important for the ongoing reinvestment and growth of those brands and overall health and profitability of the company.
Tucker Marshall: And Pam, I would just acknowledge that our guidance reflects the pricing actions that we took in the spring timeframe in support of recovering the cost inflation in order to deliver our fiscal year.
Tucker Marshall: So, Cody, what’s consistent is our reinvestment in the business of maintaining 5.5% of marketing spend as a percentage of net sales. So there’s no change there. Rather, what we are seeing in SG&A is just some favorability on the discretionary side that came through in the first quarter and how we want to continue that trend or trajectory through the balance of the year.
Tucker Marshall: Scott, I would also add that, we remain committed to the profitability and margin profile of our brands and business. And so as we continue to navigate this inflationary environment, as we continue to move forward, we will continue to reinvest in those brands on behalf of our business and we will continue to think through what ongoing continuous improvement or productivity programs will also mean to the long-term health and strategy of the company.
Tucker Marshall: So the coffee story is one of cost inflation that has needed to be recovered on a dollar-for-dollar basis and this first quarter is our largest cost component or cost basket, so that is really what is driving the year-over-year margin pressure. But as we move sequentially through the balance of the fiscal year, we would anticipate that our coffee margins improve. But getting them back to the historical 30% plus level will still take us some time as we navigate this inflationary environment.
Mark Smucker: Yeah. Sure, Andrew. It’s Mark. When you think about just taking a real quick step back on our total portfolio, we participate, of course, in all segments of our categories and that includes the entire value spectrum, if you will and Pet is no different. And so if you think about Milk-Bone and how Milk-Bone has outpaced the pet snacks segment, particularly in this last quarter and it actually gained share, that is driven both by some of the premiumization, the innovation that we have launched, but also just by base Milk-Bone, which is, quite frankly, a very affordable snack option for pets. And likewise, with Meow Mix having also taken the number one spot in cat also meets the value equation for many consumers. So, I think, strategically, we want to continue to play across that spectrum in our categories and make sure that we are providing consumers with options.
Mark Smucker: Nora, it’s Mark. I will start and Tucker may add. But, first of all, we are very pleased with our Coffee performance. Again, it goes back to the comments I just made around Andrew’s question. And we lead, so we did lead in taking price and that helped drive our dollar growth and our dollar shares continue to be very strong across the coffee category. And although, we did anticipate some elasticity in the quarter, those were largely as expected as we are now seeing our competitors follow in pricing, and so as we move forward, we would continue to monitor very closely consumer behavior, but we are encouraged by the fact that over 70% of cups consumed are still consumed at home. So we still feel very good about our total coffee business and we will continue to invest in it. We also noted the reinvestment in Folgers with a new advertising campaign to reinvigorate that brand as well. So all signs are continuing to support the business and drive balanced growth.
Mark Smucker: Sure, Peter. Thanks a lot. So in dog food, I think, what you are seeing is, obviously, a very good quarter overall on dog food and that does include Nutrish and Kibbles ‘N Bits. And part of that is really our efforts to stabilize our dog food portfolio, which we have talked that our priorities, first and foremost, snacks and cat. But then stabilizing dog food has been a priority that includes optimizing the -- our offerings and making sure that we have a narrower but clearer set of offerings for the consumer. So a lot of that is now in markets. There have also been a lot of supply disruptions across the entire dog food industry and that is not unique to Smucker. And part of our results there have us been benefiting from some of that supply disruption as, in terms of how we have been able to manage through and ensure that we are meeting demand.
Mark Smucker: Chris, it’s Mark. Yes. We are still very bullish on Uncrustables and everything related to it in terms of production remains on track. We are finishing the Longmont expansion, that’s the Denver facility and we are well underway in construction of the McCalla, which is Alabama facility. And so all of that, remember, McCalla is not going to come online for a couple of years, but all of the efficiency improvements that we have seen in Kentucky, as well as Longmont are going to support us meeting demand. So, although, we are not quite meeting demand, in other words, supply is not quite caught up with demand, all of the work on production is intended to do so over time and we do expect that we have, again, significant runway and the ability to get that brand to $1 billion over time.
Mark Smucker: Hey, Jason. It’s Mark. I would just reinforce that we are committed to spending the dollars and some of the dollars that, they are going to flow through later in the year. And just keep in mind that because pricing is up and inflation has driven up topline to some degree, that would slightly mute the dollars as a percent of net sales. But rest assured that our commitment to continue to invest in our brands is solid and the efficiencies, in other words, the bang for our buck that we are getting by getting more efficient on some of our marketing spend is also helping deliver good results against brand investment.
Mark Smucker: It’s more the former. It’s more of the fact that we are seeing competitors follow. We manage price through a number of levers as you are well aware of, whether that’s trade and whatnot. So we have -- of course, our normal promotions planned through the holiday period, those will continue to support the brand, but we do expect competitors to continue to follow our lead.
Mark Smucker: Pam, we generally have implemented a majority of our pricing, but we still are in an inflationary environment, so it remains to be seen if -- I would never use the word finished. And you will recall that when we do move price, we have consistent -- been consistent in moving price both up and down depending on our delivered costs, obviously, it’s been more up in the last year or so. But we do believe that we have taken a majority of it and we will watch carefully as we consider whether or not there may be further pricing required in the coming quarters.
Mark Smucker: Sure. The criteria hasn’t changed and I am happy to refresh our collective memory on that. The short answer to your question is always have lines in the water, constantly evaluating opportunities that come across our desks. But, again, we want to invest in businesses and do it in a prudent way that will generate a good return. So, clearly, that is one of our key priorities. And as we have articulated over the last several quarters, we are interested in acquisitions that would add to our existing portfolio in our existing categories that would potentially round out our portfolio in coffee, potentially our portfolio in pet snacks would be of interest. We could be interested in more significant or meaningful acquisitions as well. To the extent that we are looking at newer categories or categories that we don’t participate in, we have tried to be clear that we would not enter a new category unless we have the ability to acquire a meaningful or leadership position in those categories. So it’s quite simply meaningful leadership positions or rounding out our existing portfolio.
Mark Smucker: And the second part of your question, I am sorry, Cody, was around market share? We -- we have seen good share growth. Clearly, Milk-Bone and Meow Mix are, again, our areas of focus, very pleased with the results there, about a full share point on Milk-Bone and continued share growth on Meow Mix. So really pleased, again, with the way our investments are playing out in those two segments. And then we spoke earlier just about dog food and our efforts there to stabilize that business.
Mark Smucker: Alexia, we really have not seen anything out of the ordinary on inventory levels on our businesses. So for us it’s pretty much business as usual.
Mark Smucker: Yeah. There’s a lot -- been a lot in the press in the media just around consumer sentiment and being a little bit more cautious. We have seen a bit of that. I think if you look at our categories, they tend to be more resilient than the broader center of store categories and so we have benefited from that. Similarly, there’s been some discussions around private label and this notion of trading down. My response to that would be twofold; number one, again, this notion of making sure we are offering brands across the entire spectrum of value and although you have seen some private label share growth, that is pretty normal in these times and it is not back to pre-pandemic levels. So although there is a little bit of -- there is some shifting in the categories, I would just point to the fact that our categories are resilient and we will continue to invest in our brands.
Mark Smucker: What I said earlier, Scott, was that there have been broad supply chain challenges in the pet space, largely because pet products are formulated food which have a lot of input, a lot of ingredients and that makes the supply chain a bit more complicated and so that has affected the industry broadly. But where we are very pleased is our ability to have -- having managed through a lot of those challenges and allowed us and only just speaking for ourselves to stay on shelf and in supply.
Mark Smucker: Well, first of all, it’s hard to say. We -- a little relief would be great. But we -- my answer to that question, Scott, would simply be that we have been always prudent and disciplined about when we take cost up and we would similar -- similarly be very prudent and disciplined if we had to lower prices over time. But at this point, because it’s still volatile, there’s a lot of unknowns in the marketplace, we can’t really provide any more color than that.
Mark Smucker: Rebecca, there’s a little bit of that. There’s a little bit of trading down. We, again, going back to some of my earlier comments about making sure we are providing value to the consumer, the benefit to our dog food business this quarter is, again, around the fact that we have done a lot of work to stabilize the business. Make sure that we are managing through the supply constraints and we have benefited in that regard, because we have done a good job of managing through some of the supply issues. And then, thirdly, there is a bit of the trading into our brands.
Mark Smucker: Well, I want to thank everyone for your time joining us this morning, and as always, our results were made possible by our outstanding team, our employees, and I really want to just thank them for their discipline and hard work and dedication to our company and our brands. And we hope to see many of you in Boston at the Barclays Global Consumer Staples Conference in a couple of weeks and there will be a live webcast of our presentation on September 6th at 2:15 and you can access that from our Investor Relations website. Have a great day.
