Richard K. Smucker: Thank you, Sonal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As we look back over the past year, one marked by unprecedented levels of commodity cost increases and an uncertain macroeconomic environment, we are pleased to have delivered another year of record sales and year-over-year earnings per share growth. Let me begin by recapping our key accomplishments during the past fiscal year. Sales increased 15% to more than $5.5 billion for the year, as each of our business segments achieved strong sales growth. In addition, non-GAAP earnings per share increased to $4.73 compared to $4.69 in the prior year. Through responsible pricing leadership, we addressed cost inflation exceeding $500 million for the year, resulting in prices increasing by double digits in several categories. Like many other food companies, the combination of these higher prices and economic uncertainty impacted our overall value. 2012 marked a record year for the company's innovation efforts. Sales from new products exceeded $300 million representing over 5% of net sales. The continued success of our K-Cup offering contributed significantly to these sales, exceeding our plan for the year. Notably, IRI recently recognized our K-Cup introduction as the #1 new beverage launch in calendar 2011. Innovation also played a key role in gaining the #2 market share position in the baking mixes and frosting category. During the past year, we continued to execute on our acquisition strategy, completing 3 transactions. Following the Rowland Coffee and the Sara Lee food service beverage acquisitions earlier in the year, we took our first step in March towards achieving a meaningful presence in China by acquiring a minority interest in Seamild, an established leader in China's rapidly growing oats category. We're excited about partnering with this successful family-run business. Additionally, we continue to invest in our key productivity initiatives. Significant progress was made on the new state-of-the-art food manufacturing facility being built in Orville, Ohio and the expansion of our 2 coffee facilities in New Orleans. Lastly, we further demonstrated our commitment to enhancing shareholder value by repurchasing over 4 million shares of common stock, representing approximately 4% of the shares outstanding. And we increased our annual dividends by 15%. As we close the book on 2012 and turn our attention to fiscal 2013, we are encouraged about the future of our industry, our business and the strength of our brands. Softening commodity cost should help moderate retail pricing and bring back some of the volume declines that the retail food industry experienced this past year. Consumers continue to find their way through difficult times, and we must continue to listen to them, be flexible and adapt along with them. To accomplish this, our focus for fiscal 2013 includes the following key initiatives: First, we are investing heavily in our portfolio of leading brands with a significant planned increase in marketing and innovation. Building on the success achieved in 2012, we have a robust new product pipeline across brands and expect to launch approximately 100 new items in 2013. Additionally, we continue to expand our use of digital marketing and social media as consumers' needs are evolving rapidly in this space. Secondly, we expect to further capitalize and build upon our recent acquisitions while exploring additional brand portfolio expansion opportunities in both North America and China. Third, we are committed to better managing key day-to-day and promotional price points to meet our consumer needs and address competition, including an increased focus on narrowing price gaps. Fourth, we are achieving a more efficient supply chain through our restructuring initiatives in coffee, food spreads and pickles. In 2012, these projects delivered cost savings that exceeded our annual expectations, and we expect an additional step-up in savings in 2013. Fifth, we're making great progress on our sustainability efforts, and we'll share many of these successes in our 2012 corporate responsibility report being published later this summer. And finally, our ability to generate significant free cash flow allows us to continue our track record of enhancing shareholder value as share repurchases and dividends will remain a key use of cash. As we have consistently stated, we take a long-term view of our business, and we continue to be well positioned for long-term growth. Our 5-year compounded annual growth rates are 21% for sales and 10% for earnings per share, exceeding our long-term growth targets of 6% and 8%-plus, respectively. This performance is a result of the hard work and commitment of our dedicated team in executing our strategy. We thank them for their contributions and look forward to continued growth this year and beyond. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Vince, who will share more details on our business segments.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, Eric, this is Richard. I'll start and Vince can certainly add probably more specifics than I can. But still, the center of the store is the most profitable section for the retailer. And no one is giving up on the center of the store. Obviously, with the prices that we've seen this past year, everyone in our industry, and the consumer foods industry, has suffered a little bit from that. But I think we're seeing a turnaround. Prices are coming down, and commodity costs are coming down. And we're starting to see more movement than we certainly did the third quarter, and we're seeing that trend into the coming year. Although, there's still a very cautious consumer out there. And they're not stocking their inventory shelves at home. And so we think that trend will continue somewhat. We're seeing the trends improve a little bit. And Vince, you might want to add to that.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard, Eric, and I would like to have Steve comment more on the Sara Lee business because we're excited about that. We've actually found more things that are positive than we anticipated. It's a complicated business. It's taken us a little longer to integrate it. But, Steve, you might want to share some of those thoughts.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, no, I think we have, as an industry, have to do it responsibly. We certainly will. We have the advantage, as a couple of the team mentioned here, of doing things like -- where our competitors have already done it before, in reducing sizes. We've got several categories where we can reduce our size and therefore offer a better value to the consumer without impacting our margins. We're going to take those types of steps. We will sharpen our pencil around the holiday period to make sure that we're offering the right price points to our consumers and our customers. And last holiday period, for example on back-to-school, we weren't even in the business in peanut butter because we had to withdraw from the market. So we have some specific areas where we can, I think -- you might call it sharpen your pencil or offer better value to the consumer without really affecting the bottom line. Now I don't see, out there, a change in strategy, at least by the big responsible consumer food companies of a race to the bottom. I don't think that is the case. I think we all learned our lesson a few years ago and recognize that, although volume's important, margins are just as important. And we want to make sure that the price is right for, not only the consumer but for our shareholders.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, the marketing dollars themselves were down about 3% in total. But as we've talked about in the last couple of quarters, part of that spend was a redeployment into trade spend. But if you just look at it year-over-year, net, it's about a 3% decline in dollars.
Richard K. Smucker: I think, in our case, I have to speak to Smucker's case. Number one, we did not downsize in a lot of our categories. We're taking the opportunity to do that now. So we have a little bit more flexibility to move and we're doing in several categories. And that's going to help us. We had some commodity issues last year where we didn't have commodities, such as peanut butter, to promote during the right time. So we can do that, which we weren't able to do last year. So we might be a little better positioned than some of our competitors to get to our price gaps quicker than they will be able to. And that is a disadvantage we had this past 12 months, which I think is reversing itself in the next 12 months. It's a competitive market out there, and people can set their prices where they want to set them. But I think, in general, most of the large consumer food companies are pretty responsible in what they do, and we recognize that giving a value to the consumer is more important. Still buying U.S. food products in the U.S. is still one of the best values for the consumer around the world. So we only spend 17% of our consumer earnings on food. So it's still a good value.
Richard K. Smucker: Eric, this is Richard. One comment on volume, which I always like to make is that we also look at units. And when we sell a K-Cup, it's a lot of units, but it's not a lot of volume. When we sell a lot of flour, it's a lot of volume, but it's not a lot of units. And if you would measure our performance just in units and not volume all the time, we actually look better by a couple of percentage points. And we keep track of those, and usually those units carry a higher value. So I just don't want to get overly hung up on volume, all the time, versus units. And maybe at some point in time we'll be able to share those in an intelligent manner, but the numbers look better, internally, than they do externally.
Richard K. Smucker: I think the other comment, we should -- this is Rick -- I think the comment we should make is, as you know, in almost every category that we participate in, we're the leader in the category. And so we have the ability to price what I would call right, not lower but right. And some of the commodity cost have moderated, which allows us to be transparent with our customers and to gain that credibility which we've had for many years. But it doesn't necessarily mean just lower pricing. It means the right price point and at the right time. And so, as I said, it's a blend of making sure we maintain our margins. And I think we can do that because we've had some lower commodity cost, and we can pass those on where appropriate. And it's also at the right time. So we want to make sure, during the key promotional periods, that we're priced right during the promotional periods. We're not talking about cutting prices across-the-board in any manner. We're just making sure that at the right point in time, we have the right price on the shelf. And I think we think that maybe we missed a couple of opportunities last year, which we think we can gain this coming year with some better timing and merchandising.
Richard K. Smucker: We want to thank everybody for being on the call today. And as we said, we're optimistic about the coming year and look forward to next opportunity to speak with you. Thank you.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes. Eric, I guess I would say, I think it's fair to say that categories are not growing, they're declining. And retailers, if they're growing, they're probably stealing share from their competitors. And that's been fairly targeted. Net-net, the majority -- the feedback that we get, despite maybe our results not being where we would like them, we're getting positive feedback that we're doing better than most. So again, as Richard mentioned, we think, with some of the softening of the commodity costs, hopefully we'll do better, and we're going to sharpen our pricing going forward. But the center of the store is still very, very important to all retailers.
Vincent C. Byrd: This is Vince, I'll take the question. I'll set it up and then we'll turn to the presidents. But as we looked at 2013, as mentioned in our formal remarks, we believe our first half, we're still facing a lot of the same dynamics we faced in the last 6 months of our fiscal year. And as you look at things like our peanut butter pricing and some other things, we don't want to anticipate that those are going to change significantly in the first half of the year. Secondly, as already noted, the economic climate is still a bit challenging. And so, I think, us, like most CPG companies have a little more of a -- feel there's more of an upside on the last half of the year versus the first half of the year. We can get into specifics and we can turn it to Mark and Paul and Steve to talk about their respective businesses. But net-net, we have more new products in the pipeline than we've ever had, we'll lap the 50 new items that we launched last year. And so, again, we're very, very positive, although we do have some planned decreases in some items that Paul will speak to in the baking category. So...
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes. I'm not sure we actually know the exact number. I mean, I think, if you look at our fourth quarter from a volume perspective, we were down 2%, but then 8% excluding the acquisition. And really, it was just some anticipation of the coming price decline and thinking about the weight. When we take that price decline, we are really setting ourselves up for the next few quarters and are able to get our pricing more in line in almost all of the segments that we have. So I think that we would just say that we're cautious going through the first quarter, but we're optimistic going through the second and third quarters.
Vincent C. Byrd: This is Vince, I would add a couple of things. I guess, it's clearly price gap and just the amount of investment that key competitors are making in that segment right now. And so you have some things going on at the top end and the bottom end of that segment. And why we feel very good about going forward is, as Mark articulated, we know where we need to be pricing-wise, but we're also repositioning the Folgers Gourmet Selection brand. And so we believe we're well positioned as we move forward into fiscal '13.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes. The Folgers Gourmet Selection has a completely new packaging, positioning and it will be an entry price point to the premium segment.
Vincent C. Byrd: Okay. Well, let me start on retail and then I'll pass it over to Steve. I think people are generally not drinking less coffee. Obviously, there is some shifting to K-Cup, and that's a single-serve, that's a lower volume item. Just in terms of absolute weight. Part of the dumbbell effect or the hourglass effect has been driven by this shifting down to an opening price point. Given where we're going on our pricing and that we've already seen some of the reflection on shelf, we would expect that some of those consumers would shift back into the core mainstream items. And on the premium side, some of that shifting is natural, but some of the shifting is driven by a lot of competitive activity in that segment. So we think that we're positioning ourself very well by playing in all tiers of the premium segment as well.
Vincent C. Byrd: Richard, I would add, Ken, a couple of things. First of all, as Richard mentioned earlier, we will always, as price leader, take a responsible position for the category. That's sort of job #1. We do know, as we have stated before, we need to balance our volume, our share of market and our profitability. Becoming sharper on price points does not necessarily mean, in all instances, it will affect our profit. It might be a situation where we're -- have learnings on our trade spend about merchandising or depth or frequency that we're taking more efficient approach as we enter into key holiday periods. But then lastly, I would add and reinforce what Mark Smucker said, is that we have some clear elasticity learnings about where our prices need to be, vis-à-vis certain competitors. And that may or may not affect profitability on some selected items but we know, in order to maintain our share volume, those are the actions that we are going to need to take.
Vincent C. Byrd: And then, Ken, on coffee. Just, if you think broadly, first of all, about Arabica and Robusta, obviously Arabicas have come down, Robusta's gone up. Some of that is driven by -- first of all, we are expecting a larger Arabica crop in Brazil. And there is continued tightening on Robusta. I think we talked, last time, about -- in the Robusta world, some of the farmers and some of the holders or warehouses had been holding some of that Robusta. That had been one of the factors driving prices up. And then in Columbia, as you know, the rains have not ceased and so we are expecting another low, poor crop in Columbia, which obviously is not great. But again, I think the markets are not driven, anymore, purely by fundamentals. And so there is some speculation there that will continue to drive some of the volatility. And then I think another thing that's unique right now is that there are other factors that influence some of those costs or that are components, it's not strictly the futures price. But that clearly has an impact. So I think your comments are generally correct. So there are put and takes out there and we're just trying to manage through it.
Vincent C. Byrd: You are right, Akshay. I think you stated it very well. There was a major customer who had decided, consciously, that we believe anyway, to take a lower margin on private label. You're also correct that we are narrowing that gap and you're also correct, again, that private label coffee tends to be 100% Robusta. So that obviously does have an impact. I would just conclude by saying that, again, we're closing those gaps and we feel comfortable that, both from a mainstream Red Can standpoint, as well as an opening price point, that we should be well positioned in the next couple of quarters.
Mark R. Belgya: Sure. Well, in terms of the pension and the compensation cost, in total it's high-single digits, Eric. So $0.08, $0.09 per share. And it splits fairly evenly between the 2. One thing, just to clarify, while I'm thinking of it, on the pension, we did talk about this settlement charge, and that is above and beyond the normal pension. So for everyone's sake, just to kind of keep those 2 topics separate. In terms of the Sara Lee, last -- when we announced the transaction, we said that we thought that it would contribute about $0.10 in earnings per share. So that was the profit from the business as well as the applied interest charges to that. What we're seeing now, in 2013, that will basically be about breakeven at an EPS level. Clearly, the business will contribute at a segment profit, but net-net, it'll basically be breakeven.
Mark R. Belgya: Eric, this is Mark Belgya, I guess what I'd add to that too, in fairness that while that's a little tough to quantify it's probably more prudent for us to take a look and comment on that when we get through the first quarter so we can see the full effect of it between the 2 quarters.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. I think, if you look at 20%, I think the way I would think about it is probably 3 pieces of it. One is they're re-establishing the marketing that was previously transferred to deploy trade. I think two is, of course, some of the dollar increase is due to a full year Sara Lee. And then third is truly the support marketing initiatives for 2013, above and beyond.
Mark R. Belgya: Sure. It's basically what you're suggesting, David. It's in 2012, clearly we fell short of our guidance and our plan for the year. So just the compensation that's tied to the earnings per share and the margins for the business unit have resulted in lower spends this year. For 2013, the way we approach that is we basically assume a plan amount. So all you're seeing, this increase, is basically where we ended 2012 back up to the expectation at 2013, assuming the guidance that we have outlined this morning.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, you have the dollar right. I said earlier, the incentive compensation cost, the pension, are about $0.08 to $0.09. About half of that is pension, so that's roughly $7 million. So you can kind of do the math from there.
Mark R. Belgya: The high-single digit includes the pension. But when you take that high-single digit, it's basically half of it is incentive compensation cost and half of it is incentive -- or, I'm sorry, pension cost.
Mark R. Belgya: This is Mark Belgya. No, it's fairly distributed between the 2 segments. And then, in Canada, I believe they're also increasing their market spend.
Mark R. Belgya: Alexia, it's Mark Belgya. I'll just start with a response to the ownership and I'll turn it over to Steve for more of the detail. As you said, we invested about $35 million and that will get us a 25% equity interest. So clearly, in the coming year, as a minority interest, it will not contribute to sales, it'll just be a net profit contribution and it'll basically be fairly insignificant. In terms of the size, and with respect to our partners, we're not disclosing that at this time. We'll just say that it is clearly one of the leading oatmeal businesses in China.
Mark R. Belgya: Akshay, it's Mark Belgya. It's a good question, a fair question. I think, traditionally, most of the discussion around coffee prices is based on futures. But as Mark made the reference to, there clearly are other costs, logistic cost, quality cost, country, things like that, that factor in and quite honestly, those have gone sort of contrary to what you've seen in the Arabica market. So it's those costs that are negating a bit, which you'd expect just looking solely at the futures market.
Mark R. Belgya: Sure. Rob, this is Mark Belgya. Let me address the 2 of those. Let me just start with free cash flow. We have said that we think that we can grow free cash flow, basically double it over 5 years. So clearly, our 15% is the right step in year one. Our CapEx, we've dropped it, from this past year, about $275 million. Next year, we said we're going to be -- or next year, I'm sorry, being '13, between $210 million and $220 million. Ultimately, we still want to get down to, basically, what we call the industry average, with sort of 3% to 3.5% of net sales. We feel that's the right run rate. So you're getting somewhere in that $180 million to $210 million level on a go-forward basis. Seems right to us. In terms of the use of the cash. I mean, I guess I would just fall back on sort of what we have consistently said in terms of our free cash flow. We want to invest basically about half of it, over time, in the business, whether that's acquisitions and capital expenditures and the other half returned to shareholders, be it dividend and buyback. And I don't see us being, necessarily, any more aggressive in terms of buyback. As of right now, our guidance does not reflect any. Last year, we bought over 4 million shares. We'll continue to look opportunistically. We've got 4 million shares, roughly, available and we'll sort of see how the year is. The good thing is, is we've got strong cash generation, we've got a lot of liquidity. And even through the tough times, we're well positioned from that perspective.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, Eric, it's Mark. Just to close that off. The perfect example we share is obviously the K-Cups. Low volume item, very high dollar. And then finally, just again, on volume, if you take the commentary that Paul had earlier on the items that were rationalized, being on the flour and then the downsizing impact, it actually throws this slightly positive. So those clearly are what's driving the overall negative volume. But again, it's around 0.
Mark R. Belgya: Chris, this is Mark Belgya. Just to make sure that we're understanding -- you're saying it's down, but you're saying sequentially.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. I think, the reason, clearly, is just the passage of time. We took an 11% price increase of February a year ago. So we lapped that, obviously, during the quarter and then we had a 10% increase at the beginning of last fiscal, and then of course, the 6% decline last late summer, early fall. So it's just that all of that heavy increase, the price increase has just been lapped.
Mark R. Belgya: Primarily, all of them. I mean, again, we're going be very responsible as we look at those opportunities but it would be the majority of our key categories of coffee, peanut butter, spreads, oil, milk, et cetera, baking.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, it's all of the above. It's all of those actions. So again, as Mark Smucker and Paul indicated, it's focusing on some of the lower end items, but it also -- it is about getting a little sharper on our pricing, as we've mentioned, on both promotional and everyday shelf price.
Mark R. Belgya: Not necessarily. Again, we did some shifting last year. So I don't know that we'd anticipate it being up, but a lot will have to do where the commodities rest for the balance of the year and what competitive activity that we see. But we're not anticipating a significant increase as we sit here today.
Mark R. Belgya: It would be wider a little bit, Ken, because that's primarily the add-back of depreciation amortization. Amortization went up because of Sara Lee. And depreciation is, obviously, up a little -- well, I'm sorry, that is just amortization, so that would be just that. So the amortization has increased from prior year.
Steven T. Oakland: Eric, it's Steve. If you think about the business we bought, and the Sara Lee company we bought it from, they were saddled through a series of acquisitions with a number of roast and ground facilities. And so they sold a lot of roast and ground product, mostly non-branded product, to cover those overheads, right? And that was the goal of a lot of it. And so as we got into these things, we didn't buy those businesses. But when we took a closer look at them, those are key businesses for key food service customers. So we wanted to make sure we exited those gracefully. We also see that some of those contracts are intertwined with some businesses that we would like to be in the long term, things like cocoa and cappuccino and other things, for some of those outlets. So as we looked at those 2 things, we said, let's take pause, let's serve those customers because we either sell them things today or we could sell them other Smucker products. Let's try to determine what little nuggets in there do we want long-term. And also, quite frankly, on the supply chain piece, there were some better -- as Vince mentioned in his comments, there were some better things we could spend that team's time on that are going to have even better long-term returns. So if we took pause and didn't force a fast integration of that Roast and Ground business, we could focus on things like Rowland and other projects, our other supply chain projects, which, candidly, are more important. So those variables, combined, offset -- are going to push the earnings back. But the core business, the Liquid Coffee business, the branded Roast and Ground business are delivering what we modeled or better margin. And to Richard's point, we've had our first several meetings with the new Sara Lee company in Europe, and we're excited about the innovation opportunities between the 2 companies.
Steven T. Oakland: Yes, David, it's Steve Oakland. Yes, maybe the depths are slower [ph], it is negative. Some of those businesses, although they have some overhead coverage, they're not positive at most of the margin lines. They are negative. Hence, we'll be on them.
Steven T. Oakland: And then let me speak briefly, the food service. Food service, by channel, the volumes are very, very different. In fact, our core Food Service business volumes last year were up. When you look at a segment -- if you look at total food service, you would think it would be down. But we participate in some of the segments like health care, lodging, some of the segments that, frankly, are doing pretty well in the food service arena. We don't participate in a lot of quick-service coffee, those kinds of things. And those are probably the segments that are interacting with the consumer brewing a K-Cup at home. So we think our particular food service volumes will be fine next year because in health care, gaming, lodging, all of those things, where both Sara Lee were strong and where our core business is strong, we see those growing. But the macro food service segment, as you know, is flat to down just a little bit, but that includes all those other segments.
Steven T. Oakland: Sure, yes. And food service coffee pricing. Now, what the big guys do, on the per cup -- through the drive-through, obviously they'll make those decisions. But typically, our food service relationships are even more transparent than our retail relationships because we don't merchandise around holiday periods or any of those things. So food service coffee pricing tends to move probably more frequently and quicker than it does in retail.
Steven T. Oakland: Sure. And, Alexia, Steve Oakland. I commented a little bit about them. I think we've talked that for several years we've been doing specific research in China on categories and companies within those categories that we think provide us the opportunity to implement our strategy there. We think Seamild is a wonderful business. A couple of things. We all know, hot cereal, great category. But if you think about China and you think about the challenges as you market outside of just Shanghai, Beijing, Guanzhou, this is grain-based hot cereal that's made in boiling water. The Chinese consumer eats congee, grain-based, rice-based, hot cereal that they make in boiling water. So we don't have to change a lot of habits here to provide what they perceive is a more healthful, more Western -- and even though it is a premium to congee, it's still a grain-based, relatively low-cost alternative. So all of those things, we think, are wonderful. But better than that, unique to this size company, these folks are marketers. They understand brand. They use sachi [ph], they do things and they look at their business a lot like we do. And they do it in the tier 2 and tier 3 cities. Things that are typically tough to do for especially start-up Western companies. I mean, selling to Carrefour in Beijing is something we understand, but marketing in those smaller cities is something we can learn a lot from these folks. So we're starting to put a team in place. We have an office open in Shanghai. We'll have an office open soon in Beijing. We're doing those things. We would expect this to evolve. We think there are other positions that we would love to be involved with, either in another minority stake, or frankly, operating a smaller business there. We're not taking that off the table. So those are our goals, but we think this is a unique business, it gives us a chance to learn a lot. And whether we go forward and own more or the whole thing over time, I think quite frankly, we have tremendous respect for them. Our cultures are very similar and we'll work that out together.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Sure. Andrew, this is Paul. When we look at some of the volume declines, some of that is managed declines on our low margin Flour business. We actually exited a regional flour business here this year. And they're just hemp products, so it's pretty meaningful volume. And also, on the Pillsbury side, we did what we call a kick downside, which -- downsize, which is similar to what both Betty and Duncan have done. And the units should remain the same, but the volume is down because we've reformulated those products.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Sure, Eric, this is Paul. We did have a new entry of a new product into the fruit spreads category by one of our key branded players that did impact our volume. I think when we look at what happened, total year for us in fruit spreads, we had to pull back on promotions based on the fact that, last back-to-school, we took some of our peanut butter promotions out of the marketplace to manage the peanut crop issue. So we'd expect that to come back this year. So that would be one of the things we're doing differently. And then, I think we're also looking at some new opportunities for new products on fruit spreads coming up.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes, Ken, this is Paul. Regarding the peanut crop, yes, we're hearing the same thing that you are. We would anticipate the crop to be a strong crop. We have plantings up about 20% to 25%. The moisture in the ground right now is very good. Even West Texas is planted and looks pretty good. When we anticipate to really understand what the crop's going to be, that's not going to happen until closer to fall, when we get closer to harvest. But all indications that we see right now is that the crop should be a good year.
Mark T. Smucker: And this is Mark, Andrew. On coffee, just generally speaking, I think Vince said it very well. I think that as you look at the full year of '13, we do expect modest volume growth in coffee. We have, still, experienced the hourglass effect that we've talked about, where you see some shifting of volume out of the mainstream coffee category and into sort of the premium and the opening price point areas. Having said that though, I think we said last time, our volume decline has moderated in mainstream, and actually, we were down less in the fourth quarter than the third. And quite frankly, the fact that we play in all of those segments, I think we're in a very good position. So between all of our offerings in the premium segment, all of our new products and all of our -- and some of the expansion that we've seen in distribution on our opening price point items, should help stem the tide in volume as we go forward.
Mark T. Smucker: Sure, this is Mark Smucker, on coffee. First of all on Dunkin', I would say that we still feel great about the brand. It's been a fantastic brand for us. And we actually did see, over that very brief Easter period, during the quarter, we did see modest growth on Dunkin'. But it ultimately comes back to, number one, the positioning of the brand as a strong brand. But secondly, making sure that we manage our price gap to the key competitor. And that means, generally speaking, that we need to be at parity or below that competitor, and given the pricing action that we recently took on that brand, we think that we're well positioned going forward over the next couple of quarters in the right spot. So I guess, I would just close by saying, we do expect to see some modest growth continuing to grow that brand over the year. But we do have, essentially, full distribution. So that growth would be organic.
Mark T. Smucker: And there will be -- thank you, Vince, there will be new products as well. As we've done each year in the key periods, we will be introducing new flavors on the seasonals.
Mark T. Smucker: Well, I think there's very, very minimum cannibalization from Gevalia, if any. I think, from what we've seen so far, Gevalia has not had a significant impact, and it has not started off as strongly as we might have expected.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes, let me start with just generally speaking, we're still very happy with that, the K-Cup business, and we do expect to see low-double digit growth continue. As new entrants have come in, it has actually grown the system and the category. And, generally speaking, when we look at volumes, we see that the volume is largely incremental to our other businesses and our mainstream business. And so, there are some new users coming into the category still, and we recently have seen some data that shows that once consumers buy our brands, there is a fair amount of loyalty there. And so, if you think about private label coming into that category, we think that, number one, that is going to continue to grow the Keurig system and the category. And as you know, we coexist in most of our categories of private label, and we will just continue to focus on maintaining our leadership through marketing support, new products and our go-to-market strategy.
Mark T. Smucker: I don't think we're expecting the category to decelerate in the very near term. I think that, over time, and we don't know when, there will be some time when the category probably does plateau. But recall that it has been the most successful product launch in our company's history. We're maintaining our fair share of that category. And so I think we're actually pretty happy with double-digit growth going forward. And I think that you'll see, quarter-over-quarter, we should be up in each of the next several quarters.
Mark T. Smucker: We will actually be going forward with a test, which will be in the mass channel, in the fall time frame. We haven't actually locked down the exact timing, but it is coming soon. Obviously, we're very excited about the View [ph] system. We think Keurig has done a great job with the K-Cup system, and we're optimistic that they can do the same with the View [ph] system. So yes, we will be testing it, and that will likely lead to a more broader distribution base. But I think that you'll see in the year the impact of that from a volume and sales perspective will be minimal. But we're optimistic.
Mark T. Smucker: And I would add, Akshay, this is Mark Smucker, if you think back over the past 4 to 6 months, the tapering off on the futures markets, as you've seen in Arabica, has been fairly steady. And so if you think about -- that would play into when we take delivery on those as well. Going forward, as you -- obviously, there has been a significant decline in Arabicas. But keep in mind the comments that Mark Belgya said and then just the strength of Robustas as well. So I think that there's a number of factors, it's not just the futures market that we have to make sure that we're taking into consideration.
Christopher Growe: I wanted to ask you, first off, a bit of a follow-up on a point you were just making there. In the coffee segment, in this quarter you had a pretty significant mix benefit from K-Cups. And just simple math, taking that away from the level of pricing that we've calculated for that division, it suggests that underlying pricing was down quite a bit sequentially. And I just want to understand the nature of that sort of decline sequentially, you've talked about incremental promotion in your business in the fourth quarter. And really, I'm more interested in kind of what that means going forward. How should we look at kind of early '13 and the degree of promotional spending behind that, behind the coffee business.
Christopher Growe: Sequentially, correct. So good pricing year-over-year. It's just that there was a pretty significant contribution from K-Cups from a mix standpoint. And when I look at price and mix together, it suggested that the price component, in rough terms, was up modestly. Less than I expected, I guess, is what I'm saying.
Christopher Growe: Okay. Would you anticipate using trade spending to do the majority of that? I also want to understand, you've talked about some new products and opening price point products you could use as well. I'm just trying to understand the balance between those 2.
