Mark Belgya: Good morning, everyone. And welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us. On the call from the company are Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO; Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and Co-CEO; Vince Byrd, President of our Coffee business; Steve Oakland, President of Smucker's, Jif and Hungry Jack; Mark Smucker, President of Special Markets; and Paul Wagstaff, President of Oils and Baking. After this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Tim for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter, and Richard will provide closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments, we will be available to answer your questions. If you've not seen our press release, it is available on our website at smuckers.com. A replay of this call is available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. I would like to remind you that in both the prepared comments and during the question-and-answer period that follows, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning such forward-looking statements. I also want to point out that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release and on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Tim.
Mark Belgya: Yes, this is Mark. Eric, I'll start. In terms of cash flow, we recognize that we have taken our free cash flow down from our original estimate we gave this year, and you really hit on the point on the working capital. We knew that we had -- the change in the tax payment timing was going to be a negative, and that basically is something that we benefited on last year. Even though at the negative, we were able to defer tax payment by a few months or so, and the result was, it was a good thing. But clearly, the increase in commodities and particularly in coffee is driving our increase in inventory. It's really dollar-driven because we've been able to manage our units very well, particularly in finished goods unit, so it's clearly a cost issue here. So as those costs ultimately turn, there will be a benefit. Now I can't say that's going to be next year but whenever that does occur, that will benefit. In terms of taxes, I think we would say we have a fairly good tax rate being a North American-based company. We do benefit as we commented time to time on this U.S. tax deduction that we do get for our U.S.-based production. So obviously, we're not sure what all is going to change in the tax laws as they work through them, but I wouldn't see a major change in that. But bottom line is we would expect cash flow to improve as the commodities soften. We're obviously, going to generate good cash flow in the coming years, and that just adds to the confidence in our willingness to both buy back shares and to consistently increase our dividend.
Mark Belgya: Judy, this is Mark Belgya. Just to add to that kind of your comment, clearly, the costs, they have just consistently risen through the first 10 months of the fiscal year. We're going to see the full-year impact of much that next year. And kind of to Vince's point, we are going to have to look at prices in probably a number of our categories. But next year's cost will be up significant even in comparison to this year, which was obviously, a very high increase year as well.
Mark Belgya: Well, yes. Jane, this is Mark. I mean, we clearly think about that. But again, just to ground everyone, I think that it's consistent with what we've done in the past. As you know, we'll certainly give more color at our year-end call specific to our plans. But I just think in terms of looking out next year, you mentioned a number of items, some non-recurring, some opportunities to increase EPS such as buyback. If you go back to Tim's point, clearly, prices is one of the levers that we do utilize to address these rising commodity costs, but we do have opportunities. As you're aware of, we're undertaking a major restructuring project across many of our plants though we'll get some additional benefit from that, and then we just continue to look at discretionary spending, particularly in times like this. Pricing though, we've taken a number of price increases throughout the year that will continue to benefit us on a full year basis next year. So although we've talked specifically about the rising cost, we do know that some of those costs have been covered already just by the full-year benefit of pricing. But we'll continue to look for opportunities to offset that if the market stays as it is, and we'll just add more clarity as we get closer to year end.
Mark Belgya: Well, yes, I mean, I think to some degree, clearly where costs are, there's going to be a little bit. I mean we were coming off particularly in Coffee, but just generally coming off of really three strong quarters of margin. But still our expectation for overall operating margin is still pretty strong. But we see some erosion in gross profit. But one thing, Scott, and just keep in mind, and we've sort of been consistent in this message each quarter, is that last year's fourth quarter was unusually strong. I mean, we caught up some specific such as taxes. But it was extremely strong, and we still project a very good fourth quarter. But I think that there was maybe a little more optimism from those of you on the phone at the outset of the year. But still project a very good quarter.
Mark Belgya: Well, yes, the branded stuff business is still very good. I mean, Santa Cruz Natural and R.W. Knudsen brands continue to grow. The private label business, which is a limited customer, is sort of a peak and valley type thing, and they just had a very strong quarter. But clearly, our base business which we call our branded business is up for the quarter as well.
Mark Belgya: Well, we agree with your opening comment about the stock price. Ed, one of the things that we've shown time and again, really since the Folgers acquisition, and I know you're aware of it, is what we call our cash and capital deployment schedule. And we show that the four primary uses or deployments of cash would be in acquisition, capital expenditures, dividend and stock buyback. And we do evaluate each of those, and we've always said that acquisitions is our primary use because that's what going to drive the growth of the company long term, and that's our strategy. But there are times whether what is available on the M&A environment or such that we will look to buy back the stock. And so the divesting question is -- it's certainly a factor that we look at. We recognize that Coffee is 40% of our sales. On the other side, there's synergies when you have leadership in the category, so just part of the decision-making process as we look at acquisitions. So we're not consciously being driven trying to diversify. It's sort of just naturally happened over the years. We've been in other situations where it seemed a little heavier and through our transactions, it sort of balances itself out over time.
Tim Smucker: Thank you, Mark. And good morning, everyone. And thank you very much for joining us. Let me begin by summarizing the key highlights of yet another strong quarter. First, we concluded the recent Fall Bake and Holiday season with volume up 4%, excluding the impact of divestitures. Many key brands, including Crisco, Jif, Smucker's, Dunkin' Donuts and the Bick’s brand in Canada realized gains. Second, the continued rollout of our K-Cup products contributed 4% to Coffee segment net sales for the quarter. Third, non-GAAP operating income and earnings per share increased 12% and 9%, respectively. Fourth, the business generated $375 million in cash from operations, representing a new quarterly record.  Finally, our commitment to delivering shareholder value remains strong. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.7 million common shares, utilizing $240 million in cash. In January, our board authorized another 5 million shares for repurchase and declared a 10% increase in the dividend following a 14% increase last April. Needless to say, we are pleased with these results, which reflects our team's disciplined approach to managing the business and our ability to generate strong cash flow. Let me now provide a few comments on each of the four business segments.  In our Coffee segment, sales were up 18% for the quarter, reflecting pricing actions taken earlier this fiscal year, while volume was down 2%. The continued rollout of Folgers Gourmet Selections and Millstone brand K-Cups exceeded our expectations and is providing overall growth to the single-serve Coffee category. The Dunkin' Donuts coffee brand delivered another quarter of strong performance. Its volume was up 8% with continued growth of the core business and the successful launch of Dunkin' Donuts seasonals. We continue to invest behind the brands during the Fall Bake and Holiday seasons. This included new television advertising for the Folgers and Dunkin' Donuts brands and a full array of marketing support behind the K-Cup launch. In response to the unprecedented rise in green coffee costs, which reached a new 14-year high, we announced an additional 10% price increase earlier this month. While total U.S. Retail Coffee volume was down, it was better than anticipated especially during this period of high prices and ongoing aggressive promotional activities of our competitors. Our Coffee volume also benefited from strong growth in the alternative channel markets, primarily in warehouse club and chain drug stores. Turning to the Consumer segment. Increased sales and volume, excluding divestitures, reflected strong performance across all three brands, Smucker's, Jif and Hungry Jack. In addition to solid gains in fruit spreads and traditional peanut butter, our Jif Natural product continued its significant growth, more than doubling volume over the prior year. Marketing spending was up 5% for the quarter, focused on multi-brand promotions, and our first-ever Smucker's holiday advertisement which received great consumer response. Our Oils and Baking segment delivered increased sales and volume despite the ongoing competitive environment, which impacted the segment's profitability. Crisco realized a 27% increase in volume, reflecting our efforts to narrow the price gap on shelf. This growth more than offset the decline seen earlier in the year, resulting in a 4% volume gain year-to-date. Although Pillsbury experienced volume declines in the quarter, we continue to be encouraged by the success of new offerings, including our seasonal and sugar-free product lines. Finally, our Special Markets segment had another quarter of growth, with sales and volume up over the prior year. The Canadian business benefited from a strong Fall Bake with an overall volume gain of 6%, led by Bick’s pickles, Robin Hood flour and Folgers coffee. These results continued our positive trends in Canada as we have grown market share in most of our key categories during the fiscal year. Sales and volume in the Foodservice business increased 3%, led by gains in Smucker's portion control products and Uncrustables. In addition, the Natural Foods business continued its momentum, reflecting improvements in industry trends and the success of new products. In summary, our team executed a successful Fall Bake in conjunction with our retail partners, utilizing multi-brand promotions, responsible pricing and significant on-air advertising presence. We achieved another quarter of strong earnings and generated record levels of cash, further strengthening our position to deliver on our strategy.  I would now like to turn the call back to Mark to have him review the financial results for the quarter.
Tim Smucker: This is Tim. Let me just have an overall comment and then turn it over to whomever here on the team. But certainly, we look at value as more than just price, and certainly our dedication to quality, the consumer buying over and over again. So this is not new to us, although the spike's a little bit bigger than we've been used to. But clearly, the consumer does understand and appreciate long-term receiving the same quality year in, year out, time in, time out. And that's what why we want to invest in the brands long term. So just to provide, that's center of our thinking, and we'll continue to be that. So value is up a lot more than price.
Tim Smucker: This is Tim. As Richard had said earlier, pricing is not the only leverage here. And we're in this for the long term. We've made significant steps in terms of restructuring. We're in the middle of. We also make significant steps in terms of cost efficiencies and as we have other discretionary spending. So all of those things come into play. So I think maybe we sometimes forget those, all of us do. So just keep that in mind.
Richard Smucker: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. As Tim noted, we are pleased to have delivered another quarter of strong financial results, adding to what has already been a solid year of performance. We feel positive about the strength of our business and our brands and the plans that we have going into next year. Certainly, the increase in commodities is a concern. While there are a number of improving signs in our economy, we recognize that for many, value is still top of mind when it comes to food purchases. We will continue to take a balanced approach to pricing, share of market and profitability. As we look to conclude fiscal 2011, we expect full-year net sales to increase 4% over last year. This is slightly higher than last quarter's guidance and is primarily reflective of the volume gains seen in the third quarter and the recent pricing actions, particularly in Coffee. Non-GAAP income per diluted share is now anticipated to be in the range of $4.60 to $4.65, including the $0.10 impact of impairment charges recorded in this quarter. The range also includes the impact of share repurchases made to date, but does not include any impact of future share repurchases as they would not be material for this quarter. Consistent with our definition of non-GAAP measures, this range excludes restructuring and merger and integration costs now estimated to be between $0.65 and $0.70 per diluted share for the full fiscal year. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter with record sales, non-GAAP earnings per share and cash flow. Second, although commodity costs continue to rise, we are addressing these challenges effectively and responsibly. The strength of our leading brands, our ability to react swiftly and our disciplined approach give us confidence for continued growth. Third, reflecting the strength of our business, we repurchased over 3% of our outstanding shares and announced a 10% increase in our quarterly dividends during the quarter. Fourth, beginning next fiscal year, we expect future dividend adjustments will be considered by the board for the dividend payable in September of each year. This, combined with the additional share repurchase authorization, provides further opportunities to enhance shareholder value. And finally, we would like to thank our employees for their continued commitment to our brands, to our strategy and to each other, which is key to our long-term growth. Thank you for your time today, and we'd now be happy to answer your questions.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. I'll just add to that. As you know, we do have very strong balance sheet. And at the price that our stock is currently trading at, our multiple is one that -- investment in our stock is a very good investment for the company and for our shareholders, so we anticipate that going into the future.
Richard Smucker: It's Richard. I think there's more rational [ph] pricing starting to come to the marketplace. Everyone knows that these commodity costs are up, so I think most consumer product companies are looking at the promotional budget and believing that it's not wise for the consumer or their shareholders to continue to deep discount. So I think everybody is re-evaluating, which I think will be good for us.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard, and I'll let Tim add to this too, but the answer is there's always opportunities. And as we've said before, there's a number of brands out there that we think would be nice fits with our company, and there's probably a little more activity now than we've seen in the last couple of years in terms of ideas. But again, those are hit and miss. You just have to do it at the right time, but we're always in the market.
Richard Smucker: Our center of the store is our strategy, so there are a number of categories in center of the store that you can imagine. None that we're going to talk about today on the call. But when you walk down each aisle, you could imagine there's some good fits with Smucker's.
Richard Smucker: And this is Richard. We've been in the business long enough that we've seen a lot of these trends and some stick and do well. We think this is one that's going to do well and just continue to be a major part of the category. But we're in the organic business and have been for a number of years, and that's not as big as anyone anticipated it was. But 10 years ago, everybody thought that was going to be 20% of the industry well it's still down in less than 5%. So I think we have to be engaged in all of these, but we also have to make sure that we take a realistic look, and that's what we do.
Richard Smucker: I may add, this is Richard. If you look at the categories that we're in, the frequency of purchase in most of our categories is not that often. And even Coffee, which is the most frequent, for example, jams and jellies, people purchase about 3x to 4x a year. So if the price goes up 10%, they're not going to -- not purchase their jam because they're only buying it once every three months. Coffee is still only about is less than once a month, and so it's about 10x a year. So Coffee could go up, but I don't think you're going to stop drinking it if it goes up a couple of dollars a can. Obviously there's some level that we wouldn't want to go above, but I think we're still in a good range.
Richard Smucker: Well, our strategy in up market like this is to protect penny profits, and we're going to be doing that hopefully this year and next. But the margins can be squeezed, percentage margins can be squeezed.
Richard Smucker: I would add that lot of us around here drink Black Silk. It's one of the best coffees you can find for anywhere regardless of the price, and it's doing very, very well.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. Yes, this is serious. We think that that's some place we need to be, and the timing on international is long term. But it's certainly -- we're spending management time and dollars.
Richard Smucker: Well, thank you for your interest and time for participating. And a number of us look forward to seeing hopefully many of you down at CAGNY next week. Thanks so much.
Vincent Byrd: Eric, this is Vince. As you know, and most of you have reported given where coffee prices have been, it would indicate that the effect of elasticity would be much greater than what we saw during the quarter and year-to-date. And as Mark said, I think our volume was down 2% in the quarter in Coffee. And I would just like to make the point though, that's on a difficult comp of last year, we were up 4%. I guess we're very, very pleased. The bottom line is we're very, very pleased given the volume, how it reacted in the quarter and particularly given some of the competitive activity in the major retailers. So net-net, we're very pleased, but I think it's also fair to say we're in uncharted territory given coffee sitting at 14-year highs. I will say that we are seeing some volume being shifted to non-measured channels, and again as the consumers shop from different outlets, we’re seeing the benefit of that.
Vincent Byrd: This is Vince. We wouldn't give I guess the specifics, but I will say in the third quarter, coffee costs were up. I'll give you a range between 25% and 30% roughly year-on-year. And then on a going forward basis, obviously, we just took a price increase in early February. But I would say that again, without giving specifics given our position, we did not price to where the coffee is trading today. And so we would look at if something doesn't happen in a reduction, we may be faced with another review of that in the first quarter.
Vincent Byrd: Yes, sure. Well, first of all, I will say that the K-Cup acceptance by retailers and consumers has exceeded our expectations given it’s only been in the marketplace for four months. Very, very rough numbers, on a four-week basis, we have about a 60% ACV on Folgers and about a 30% to 35% on the Millstone brands. But again, it's still early days, we're still gaining distribution. You have to keep in mind there's a little bit of seasonality to K-Cups, which we are learning. But we would continue to -- we're going to continue to grow the category and hopefully, grow our brand. So the estimate that you use is probably in the range. A lot depends on what goes on in the environment, but probably where you are is not too far off at this point. But given that it's far exceeded our expectations at this point, we're revisiting our objectives.
Vincent Byrd: So Farha, a couple of points. First of all, in specialty or gourmet, it's fair to say that we have now taken three price increases and the main competitor has not, and so that gap has significantly narrowed or in some cases, gone unfavorable to us. We're all aware there's a lot of activity going on in that relationship. Having said that, again we were up, I think, 8% in the quarter and that was on an 18% growth in last year's third quarter. Relative to Folgers and Maxwell House, again, prices are up for both of us, but our merchandising prices and our unpromoted prices are up higher than our competition. And in a major retailer, they chose to investment in spend back and gain share significantly during the third quarter. In terms of what we were seeing, yes, we're starting to see with their announcement and our announcement in February, prices are starting to being reflected on shelf.
Vincent Byrd: So, Jane, this is Vince. I guess I would add a couple of thoughts. First of all, we just have a very solid team working in the Coffee business as we do in our other brands, and the expertise that has come to us in green coffee and previously in the oils area from Procter has just been very, very helpful. And so clearly, coffee is unique. I think 14-year highs are issues that we're -- and the volatility we're dealing with every day. But I do think it gets back to one thing, and that's the benefit of having number one brands and leading price up or down, being transparent with customers and acting responsibly. And sure, we internally discuss and debate what's the market going to be in the future. But when 80% of the commodity is being traded by non-roasters or people who really need the coffee, so to speak, it's a challenge, but I still think it gets back to the strength of our brands and our ability to implement through our sales team.
Vincent Byrd: Well, I guess our response is, is that the reason we chose to align with Green Mountain and Keurig is because we think that they are, at least at this point, the clear winner in the category. And we said before like any of our categories, we like to participate in all segments, and so that's why we chose to get in it as quickly as we did. The teams did a great job of engaging with Green Mountain. We have a great relationship with them. Household penetration is still, I believe, 4% to 6% or something like that. Again, it's still a $0.55 to $0.60 cup of coffee versus roasted ground, which is still going to be in that $0.10 to $0.15 range. And even a gourmet brand is maybe 2x to 3x that, but not anywhere near $0.50. And so I think we all believe roasted ground will be around for a long time.
Vincent Byrd: Not currently. But again, we are investment spending in it. But we're very pleased where the margins sit today vis-à-vis our overall corporate average.
Vincent Byrd: Ken, this is Vince, and also I read your report this morning. Clearly, there is starting to be some impact of fundamentals versus speculation. As you point out, the Brazilian crop -- we’re going in what's called the off year, but the projections still at this point, although early, are that it's going to be a very good crop vis-à-vis that every-other-year cycle. You're clearly right that demand in Brazil and other developing countries is taking some of the, taking better coffee. We all know that Colombia has been under pressure for a couple of years. So yes, there are clearly some fundamental issues going on, which has probably helped supporting where the price is. But it's hard to put a percent on how much is driven by fundamentals versus speculation. When again, you have 80% of the coffee being traded is not from [ph] financial institutions basically. But yes, you are right. I would say that we probably have changed our view on that over the last nine months in terms of what's driving some of the cost pressures.
Vincent Byrd: Yes, I think I'd say a couple of things. First of all, clearly, Folgers has brought to us an emphasis on some of the more non-measured, non-traditional grocery channels than we had before, and that's benefiting not only Coffee, but some of our other brands as well. So it gets down to the value proposition of the pricing in those channels vis-à-vis maybe more traditional grocery. And again, if the competitor chose to maybe go after some traditional grocery or a major competitor in some cases, we might have been a better value in some of those alternative channels. But as a mix, if you would look at the Smucker Company mix of sales shipped over the years, a greater percent of our business is in more non-traditional channels than what it would have been, say, two to five years ago.
Vincent Byrd: No. I mean, again, our objective is to grow our segment profit each year, year-on-year, by our strategic objectives, and that's what our goals are.
Vincent Byrd: I suppose that's true in a general sense, but as Mark, I think, pointed out earlier, our gross margin percent actually went down in the quarter because we're not necessarily maintaining those margins at a gross profit level. But again, hopefully, I'm answering your question.
Vincent Byrd: No. Again, customers speculate they knew that price increase was coming. Our team manages those orders very, very closely. This is the same question we got at the end of the first quarter, the second quarter, and I will just say you can look on a quarter-to-date, we're basically down I think 2% and it might fluctuate a little bit. But we don't allow forward buy. Now does that say a customer is not loading a little bit? Sure. But for the most part, it's not load.
Vincent Byrd: Yes, I guess one thing we still have is the K-Cup is significant in terms of dollars per EU or per volume. And so as we settle out on K-Cups, we're going to have a favorable mix as we grow that business.
Vincent Byrd: It's Dunkin'. So as Dunkin' was up I think 8% or something in the quarter and Folgers being down slightly, again, the net sales dollar value would help drive a favorable mix position, and profitability would be in line with or better than corporate or the Coffee margins.
Vincent Byrd: And in Coffee, as we have said before, our marketing really isn't down versus the prior year. In absolute sense it is because we choose to investment spend last year given where green was. I would like to state though that coupon redemption, which is up in sales deducts, if you take that into account, our marketing for the quarter was basically equal to last year. But on a going-forward basis, I think it's probably at the levels that you're seeing this year we've not cut marketing.
Vincent Byrd: Yes, sure. Let me make a macro statement and then each SBA can chime in. But it's clear that there was a number of key retailers that have those programs. First of all, we tend to benefit in those because being the number one or two brands, that ends up being more shelf space for us even if some of our SKUs have been cut. But I will say that at least a couple of major retailers have reversed those actions, and we have equal to or more SKUs than we might have had when the initiatives were started, And I'll now turn it to Paul or Steve.
Vincent Byrd: As we've said before, we're focused on the two brands, and we're very pleased with the results of where we are. So not likely to be in the near term.
Vincent Byrd: Yes, I think the answer to that is yes. But I mean again, the gourmet or specialty category continues to grow even in these tougher times. But there's a couple of segments within Red Can that we are focused on. One is Black Silk and the other is what we call Special Roast, and we put a lot of support behind those. And both of those brands are growing very, very nicely, and yet we still have a lot of distribution opportunities for them. So yes, I suppose to answer your question, yes, but we're certainly not giving up on the growth of the Specialty or Gourmet segment.
Vincent Byrd: Ken, I don't know that we would comment on that. We've worked with Green Mountain and we know where they are protected. They feel very, very comfortable with where they're protected. There is a private label entry as we speak. But again, we evaluated all of that when we got together with the folks at Green Mountain and feel very comfortable where we are. So that's probably a better question for them.
Steven Oakland: Eric, it's Steve. If we look at the Consumer business and I think we talked each quarter, we reduced our peanut butter list price to reflect the lower cost of peanuts that we've experienced this year, and we were the only major brand to do that. And so we saw our branded volume every day on some key sizes, on 28 ounce and 40 ounce and those value sizes, come down below some key deciles. So that allowed us to use marketing mix and use promotional spending that wasn't as deep as the stuff we saw competitively. We saw 10 for $10s and all of this other stuff going on between private label and branded, but we were able to get the everyday price right, put incremental promotion where we needed to, but stack the marketing mix against it. Really pleased with the response.
Steven Oakland: Alex, Steve Oakland. Yes, we do see that. I mean obviously, value is key both for the consumer and the retailer. The retailer wants the right value items. They want coffee items or peanut butter items, those kinds of things on the front page of their ad. I think what we proved in the quarter is you don't have to go rock-bottom to make it happen. You can stack offers. You can have coupons and consumer offers and advertising as well as price. What they are shopping some of the, and I think Vince spoke to this earlier, some of the other channels, the margins that club take on basic food items are way below what traditional grocery takes. And so that provides great value, and so those customers who shop at those channels are getting great value and have recognized that. So I think some of the alternative volume is coming just because those channels are capable of taking lower margins on the business. I guess I'll look at the other guys for this. But there's no question that both the retailer and the consumers are still -- value is still key.
Steven Oakland: Well, and if we look at the Consumer business, we typically don't comment on specific fruits, and there's a number of variables in that business. But this particular year, it's been a tough year on the grape crop, the Concord grape crop. So our mix has shifted to strawberry. And as you know, we're the largest producer, probably, globally of strawberry jam, and that has affected our business profitably and the consumer’s responded to that. So the consumer has responded to strawberry jam versus grape jelly at a higher price based on the strength of the brand, the strength of the merchandising effort.
Steven Oakland: And then, Alexia, in the Consumer business, I think we published that our marketing spend, traditional marketing spend was up 5%, maybe equal to volume. So in those businesses where we think we've got some great new advertising, we put some stuff out of the holidays that got us great response, and we have plans that we're excited about for next year. So we don't see that percentage changing.
Steven Oakland: And then if we look at the specifically the fruit spread business as you know, we have a number of sizes, flavors and sugar profiles or sweetness profile, and some of those were taken out -- to Vince's comment earlier, in most of those retailers we have equal to or more SKUs on the shelf today. I think the consumers spoke in the end, and the consumer wants those items, that's why we make them. And we do a lot of work to make sure those items fit what the consumer wants. And those retailers who took them out listened to their consumer, and we're glad to see them back on the shelf.
Paul Wagstaff: Eric, this is Paul. On the Oils and Baking side, specifically speaking to Crisco, we did take a price decline in the second quarter and that was really meant to close the price gaps on shelf, and I think we were able to achieve that. You could see we were up 27%. We did have some additional spending, so we did buy some of that share back, but we felt that we did get a low point in how much share we're willing to see erode. And we felt actually pretty good with the results of that volume gain in the third quarter.
Paul Wagstaff: Alexia, this is Paul. On the Oils and Baking side, we really did transition some of the marketing spend to promotional dollars on a price perspective, really on the Crisco business primarily just to ensure that we get some of that volume back, and we would hope going forward, we'd be able to continue our balanced approach on the pricing, share of market and profitability.
Paul Wagstaff: Yes, this is Paul. I'll just add to that, that we don't have -- in some of our portfolio, we don't have all the number one brands, so we did see a negative impact when that SKU rationalization was taking place, and we have seen those SKUs be added back.
Mark Smucker: I would say in Canada -- this is Mark Smucker. We have a pretty broad portfolio of products there and generally speaking, our promotions both in the Fall Bake in the baking area, as well as across some other categories like coffee, have been very effective. We have seen some easing of competitive activity and that obviously helped us as well.
Mark Smucker: Yes, this is Mark Smucker. I would just add to that, that in the script, we talked about overall, the industry is doing well. That is driven by the larger customers not as much the smaller customers, and we have seen some rebound across that entire industry, and our branded business for the quarter at least was driven more by the natural beverages versus the organic beverages. But overall, it's still a very healthy business.
Mark Smucker: I would just add that in Canada, we have not seen that reversal, that SKU rationalization, and the pressure on the amount of items in any given category continued. There may be a couple of exceptions to that. But overall, I think that, that in Canada may be a little different.
Mark Smucker: This is Mark Smucker. I would say that, obviously, we wouldn't comment about anything specific, but we are very focused on China, and we are engaged in China. We are in the process of just, at a very minimal level, we have started once again to export some products there and looking to establish some sort of a representative office. So that does not preclude our interest in having some type of meaningful presence there, and as you know, those things are sort of hit or miss. They come and go, but we are very engaged. We have a lot of feelers out in the market, and we're looking.
