Vincent C. Byrd: Andrew, this is Vince. I think, overall as a category -- or categorically, we would say yes. We'll continue to emphasize managing our price gaps. It obviously takes into account our position on the commodity in question. But yes, we will continue that activity.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes. I think it's more -- let me just expand. I think it's more about applying the learnings that we have on our pricing gaps and our elasticities that we were doing a better job of managing.
Vincent C. Byrd: Eric, this is Vince. Let me just expand on Paul's answer relative to the Pillsbury. It's a great example of what Richard was speaking to in the first question. We actually reduced our trade spend because of learnings that we had relative to our frequency and depth. And even though it affected some of our share, it was a conscious decision because it improved our bottom line and allows us to invest back in the brand.
Vincent C. Byrd: Chris, this is Vince Byrd. Let me just say that the trade spend is one area that we obviously compose a lever versus our other marketing elements, and so we clearly are pleased that we increased the marketing in '13. Our plan is to increase marketing in '14. Trade spend will ebb and flow a little bit depending upon, again, our pricing position of our commodities and where we need to be competitive in the marketplace. So it will -- it'll increase or decrease depending upon where we are, our position of our raw materials, as well as competitive activity.
Vincent C. Byrd: Well, Ken, this is Vince. Again, I would go back to Mark's initial comment is we're still on a pretty significant steep ramp up. The other thing, of course, is we have a number of unlicensed participants that are getting trial during -- over the last 3 to 6 months, and so that obviously has an impact on the category. If you look at the Nielsen or IRI data, you will see how much those unlicensed participants have affected the category. So again, I would go back to what Mark said, to build a $290 million business in a short period of time, we are very, very pleased with.
Richard K. Smucker: And Andrew, this is Richard. And that being said, as you know, we don't just sell on price. And so we're very price-sensitive to not give promotions that are unreasonable.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, Farha. This is Richard. If I had to put a percentage on it, I'd say that probably 80% of the actions that we've taken internally and 20% results of consumers feeling a little more confident. But it was more, I think, what we're doing. And we do see the consumer being a little more confident. But that's the smaller portion of it to.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. I just want to compliment our team, in case any of them are listening. They did a wonderful job of building this $150 million plant to give us even better quality than we've ever had and started it up on a very rapid basis, and we've been able to produce product at better quality at lower cost. So it was a great combination. The team did a wonderful job on that.
Richard K. Smucker: Jonathan, this is Richard. I just want -- an overall comment on pricing and how we look at it. We -- our strategy is to own the #1 brands, and because of that, we do have some pricing flexibility, both up and down. And -- but the key is responsible pricing. We want the pricing -- again, we don't just compete upon pricing. So we want responsible pricing. We don't want to be in a position where we're driving the market down, and we're very sensitive to that. We don't see that happening. And all the categories that we currently are in have been pretty stable categories in terms of not getting into pricing wars, and so that's always been our leadership position.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, this is Richard. Just on the whole Sara Lee acquisition, that's been a -- it's really been a great acquisition for us and a great fit with our foodservice business, and we feel still -- still feel 100% confident that's going in the right direction. These are basically, in the whole scheme of things, small integration issues that you get into occasionally, and there are whole economics, not that big. But the strategic reason for buying the Sara Lee business is still there. The base business is still very strong. It's given us great credibility in foodservice. And so we don't want to overemphasize just these small changes on a quarter basis, but it's still a very solid acquisition.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, thank you very much for your call today. We appreciate it. And we have a solid plan in place for next year and look forward to executing it. So have a great weekend. Thank you.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Eric, it's Paul Wagstaff. Actually, when we look at the overall Pillsbury business in the baking aisle, we felt that the change in promotional strategy was driven by not so much competitive, but what we felt would be an opportunity to improve margins overall and still take some of those margins and reinvest in innovation, which we've been able to do, and grow that business pretty significantly. So we think it's a right strategy, and so far it's been working.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Farha, this is Paul. I'll start, Mark, and then you can go. On some of the categories like peanut butter, for example, we got pricing back in line to what made sense with the consumer. And clearly, we saw significant increase. Jif was up 17% for the quarter, so that was good. When you look at our frosting business, we were up 17%. That was also driven by a couple of factors, the new product launches that have done very well, and we're very pleased with that, and some of the promotional dialogue that we talked about earlier. Fruit spreads was also up 4%, and we have taken some pricing action on that as well as launching some new items. So I think it's a combination of pricing, new products and getting back in line from a price point perspective on shelf.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: I'll just add to that. This is Paul again. I'd say the same thing on momentum. Our momentum looks like it's continuing through this next quarter, so we're in really good shape.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Chris, Paul Wagstaff here. A couple of things we're doing on marketing side, obviously, it's the Olympics is impacting our increase in spending. Again, we're very excited about the opportunity. And I know on the consumer side, it's the Jif, it's the Uncrustables and the Smucker's brand and it's in Folgers in coffee. And then also we have -- we're launching 58 new items, I know, on the consumer food side, and so our marketing is increasing because of that investment spending.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Jonathan, Paul. On the peanut butter side, I agree with Mark. It's similar situation. We feel that -- obviously, the pricing action has definitely stimulated the volume growth, not only for us, but for the category, and we'd anticipate that continuing.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Jason, Paul here. Actually, I recall, in the last quarter, that we did mention that it was going to impact for next fiscal year as well. So actually nothing has changed from our perspective. We knew there was going to be an impact going into the first half of fiscal '14, which it's still is. I'd say that the part that we're happy about is that the volume is responding, we were hoping it would, and we would continue to see that momentum continue.
Steven T. Oakland: Eric, Steve Oakland. Let me take you through a couple of pieces of that. As you know, when we finally closed the Sara Lee deal, we ended up with a lot of noise in that business and this private label volume and the customer relationships. And so yes, that's been frustrating to get that all right and get through that. But behind that, the liquid coffee business, the core liquid coffee business, both in United States, Canada and Mexico has grown during that period. And it's grown with the Douwe Egberts brand on it. And although well recognizing the great brand in much of Europe and other parts of the world, it is unrecognized in North America. So we're very excited about putting the Folgers brand on it. And that allows us to take that product, the high-volume coffee outlets, where it will be front-of-house, where the consumer will see the piece of equipment. So we think that opens up a whole new realm of opportunities for us. So that will happen in the next month or so, but we'll start shipping that product. And the response to date has been great, so excited about that. Number two, the Cumberland arrangement. And I think if we step back and look at what we did to foodservice, we did the foodservice what we did to the Smucker Company years ago with the Jif and Crisco opportunity. We really increased our scale and our relevance to the customer. So being in the coffee business, it's a key category to every foodservice operator. And so you take out all of the noise we've done, we created a direct sales opportunity. We have national sales and service, so we've got much deeper coverage. So things like the Cumberland, quite frankly, is the first benefit you'll see of that new scale. Cumberland came to us. They're a wonderful family company. It's probably more of a sales and marketing agreement. We think it will have good margins long-term for both parties. And what's more, closely aligned to us in tabletop Sugar In The Raw, tabletop Sweet'N Low. And they've got a great new product line that we think we can take to market over time. So we're excited about that. And that's a first look at the benefit of Sara Lee on the foodservice business.
Steven T. Oakland: Thilo, it's Steve Oakland. A couple of things. The contracts that we're exiting, I think the -- what you're seeing in the financial statement, I guess, does not reflect the quality of the work that's going on in the business. The teams are in place. The direct sales forces are in place. We're working through these contracts. They're coming off the financials just when the contracts end. And quite frankly, some of those contracts were so good for the customer, they haven't been able to replace them. So that's why they're running them to the very end. And so that's working its way through. In the interim, our team is -- has been able to add the Cumberland business. And if you think about a tabletop sweetener business, there's very few branded tabletop items, let alone those that tie in directly with our coffee business. So we think there's an opportunity for their current business, but also to launch their line of their own natural sweeteners over time. So that's the first one. We think there are a number, and we don't usually talk about specific opportunities. But we think there are a number of away-from-home branded businesses that we now have the capacity and the organization to support. So we're working hard on those. And like every other business unit, acquisition is a key part of our growth, and we'll work those as they come available.
Steven T. Oakland: That's hard to do. As you know, those things are lumpy, right, and you fish and you fish and then eventually one comes about. So they're lumpy. But we're excited about Cumberland. I think it's a great, I think we all know Sugar In The Raw. We all know Sweet'N Low. And hot -- being in the hot beverage business, having that complement is, we think, right on strategy.
Mark R. Belgya: Let me add. This is Mark Belgya. When we announced the deal, and I know over the last couple of quarters we've talked about the dollar impact on the sale side of exiting the portions of the business that we did not want to keep. And that number's kind of have been between $75 million and $100 million. It's probably closer to $110 million. And most of that will come through this year, primarily through the first 3 quarters. It's probably about $75 million to $80 million would be the current year impact.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. I guess what I would say, Eric, is that it clearly is heavily impacted by the cost of the peanuts. We will certainly move into lower-cost peanuts as we progress through the year [indiscernible] compared to the price decline we took. So that is going to be a heavy back end. In terms of the exited business in foodservice, that's a little bit more radically over to Q2 and Q3.
Mark R. Belgya: Farha, this is Mark Belgya. Maybe if you wouldn't mind, just for clarification, I think you said $90 million. I'm not quite sure we're that --
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. What we said is that on a full year run rate basis, we're now up to $60 million. You'll recall when we announced this a few years ago, we said that that total would be $70 million. So we'll hit that $70 million fully in fiscal '15, and that really comes once the Orrville plan is all online and everything's in transition. And this year, we did take the opportunity -- we'll be taking the opportunity to take those incremental savings, that sort of first batch of savings, if you will, from Orrville and putting that back into the fruit spreads. That was part of our intention all along. I think we've said that some of that savings, overall, from our projects would flow through the bottom line, but we would also take the opportunity to reinvest. And specifically, as it's related to fruit spreads on price shelfing, particularly with private label, had widened a bit more than we like. So -- and we see this as a great opportunity to take those first batch of savings and put that back against the pricing. There will be more next year. If all goes well, hopefully, that will be more directed towards the bottom line. But we'll wait to see how that plays out.
Mark R. Belgya: Chris, it's Mark Belgya. Just to add in, I think just to underscore a comment that I had in my scripted remarks is that last year's first quarter in coffee, too, we sort of led with price, a little advance the declining coffee. So last year's profitability was, I'd call it, a bit of a softer comp as well. So the combination of 2 will affect the Q1 of '14.
Mark R. Belgya: Alexia, this is Mark Belgya. For the fiscal '14, round numbers, is that 10% increase will equate to about $0.20 of EPS. And then I think, again, this is sort of broad brush, probably about half of that would be more Olympics related, as part of Olympics. In terms of the coffee, we don't really give increases other than I can say it's significant increase in marketing in Q4.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. I don't see a significant change in our assumptions around cash deployment. Now of course, the question will be if that's the case, then why are the shares right now basically unchanged for the year. That's pretty much the approach we take when we plan. We don't assume buyback because you buy it on day one of the year and has a completely different impact if you buy it on the last day of the year. But just from an actual use of cash, it still plays a very big part of our deployment.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, I think -- Ken, this Mark Belgya again. Just to talk to some of the major drivers, obviously, I just mentioned the marketing impact, which 10% is -- although we did it last year, I wouldn't it's the normal amount of marketing support. So you can pick whatever you think the right number is and take that EPS impact. I think also on some of the exited business, between the Uncrustables, the out of school that we're exiting consciously as well as the private label coffee and the affiliated items around that, that also had -- if you total all together, it's probably another $0.05 to $0.10, which I'm guessing you may not have factored in. So those really are 2 key drivers of maybe what the expectations were versus where our guidance range is directing.
Mark R. Belgya: Sure. In terms of the pension, we would not have that kind of contribution this year. That was to help support some of the things that we had done around some lump sum payouts that will return to a much lower amount in '14. I guess my primary comment, Jon, would be around working capital. We still feel -- and this is not just a '14 comment, this is probably a more longer-term comment, that we still can drive that number down. So we've assumed -- we look at it as a percent of revenues. So we think we can take it down another point, which would be about a $50 million reduction. So we've got that roughly built into our '14 estimates. Now -- and you may have missed this, so I apologize if you've heard this. But in terms of just a year-over-year decline from the $650 million to $600 million, that really is driven by the capital expenditure increase. We're going from $207 million this year to $270 million next year. So -- and as we've said, as we move out towards 2017, we've got a couple of years of high amount. And we really think that at least most of the major capital expenditures will be behind us, and we'll see that taper down a bit. And that should help us deliver that $850 million that we've been talking about.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, $250 million to $260 million. That would include special project. I think without it, I think I said that was $245 million.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. I mean, obviously it's early yet. The key about working capital, as you know, it all kind of contingent on where you sit on April 30. So our best guess would put it there, and hopefully, we're a little conservative.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, I'd be glad to give. It's Mark Belgya. It really -- it falls in 3 primary buckets. It would be mixed volume and then the cost savings from the restructuring projects, as well as just ongoing projects around cost initiatives. But they're fairly well distributed between the 3 buckets.
Mark R. Belgya: It was just -- it did contribute. It was just one of probably 5 or 6 components, volume, mix, including a couple of others.
Mark R. Belgya: It's around $250 million. Plus, it depends on how you take into account the amortization of the restricted stock, which is about $20 million a year.
Mark R. Belgya: Akshay, this is Mark Belgya. I'll -- let me start, and if anyone wants to jump in, please do. I think that -- we do hear you in terms of organic growth. We've been pretty consistent over the last several years in terms of our -- particularly our top line growth expectations being split between organic/new products and acquisition. And we've made a lot of investments. We clearly have exceeded our 1% new product target. And I think that the emphasis we've put on, particularly at CAGNY, where we're talking about Jif and Smucker's growth opportunities, handheld, right now being Uncrustables, I mean, just the nature of what we're talking about and where we're investing our dollars would drive more organic-based growth. So that top line growth, clearly the contribution to the profit level should follow. So I think we've been pretty clear of that. If everything plays out as we hope over the next couple of years, I think you'll see that.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, that's the lower [ph]. We said, Chuck, it's 33.5%, which is pretty much in line with this year on a full year basis.
Mark R. Belgya: Rob, it's Mark Belgya. No, I wouldn't say that, because what you're going to see is the volume -- overall, the volume decline is due to the exit of the businesses, and that's more of a Q2 and Q3 event as opposed to the first quarter. So I would not make that statement.
Mark T. Smucker: And Farha, this is Mark Smucker. Just on coffee, I think it's basically everything that Paul just said. I mean, we did, of course, have a bit of a soft comp coming off of the last -- the prior Q4. But given all of our consumer and customer support, given the excellent pricing management that we had and just getting our absolute prices as well as those gaps right, we really saw good momentum. And I will daresay that that momentum in the latest 4 looks to be continuing. So not only were our shipments good, but also the consumer pull-through seems to be good as well.
Mark T. Smucker: This is Mark Smucker, Chris. Yes, I think -- a couple of comments. First of all, as you recall, obviously, we buy both robusta and arabica. And so robusta price have been firm. Arabica has seen a -- what I would call a consistently gradual decline. And as you know, when we priced for that in February, we did reflect some of that. And so it is -- there are a combination of factors, and as we go forward and look into the next couple of quarters, we will take a pricing action when our cost and position dictate that we do that. So we keep an eye on it. But again, I guess I would just emphasize, it's not just arabica. There are other factors in the prices of the instruments that we trade.
Mark T. Smucker: Ken, this is Mark Smucker. I think, generally, K-Cup's ended up pretty much where we thought they were going to end up. I think the guidance that we gave were almost spot on. And it is -- it does go back to what -- we talked about the law of large numbers and as things grow, you're going to see this percent decline decrease. Having said that, if we're talking about a 15% growth for the coming year, it's still double digits. We still feel very good about that, and it actually is generally in line with what our #1 partner has guided to as well, I think, in their most recent call. So we still feel optimistic. We've got some new products coming out in K-Cups this year, and so we still feel good about our opportunities there.
Mark T. Smucker: Jonathan, this is Mark Smucker. I think, generally, the answer to your question is yes. We have seen it played out more or less as expected. In terms of coffee declines and the pricing actions we've taken, in some cases we've actually seen some of the competitors lag in taking a price decline. So we are seeing a bit of compression there. But overall, yes, I think it has helped volume. And as you know, there has -- there continue to be some speculation in the marketplace. It sort of messes with the fundamentals. But overall, I think you're generally correct.
Mark T. Smucker: And I guess one more thing, Richard, just to add, is -- in coffee, what we did see, if you recall when prices were really high, consumers started to trade down to more opening price points. And so now we're actually seeing that, like we've always said, it's a smoothing of the hourglass and consumers coming back to the core brands and the important stuff.
Mark T. Smucker: Not on full year basis. It's pretty -- it might have been up slightly, but it was basically attributed to the other factors that Mark Belgya articulated.
Mark T. Smucker: Akshay, it's Mark Smucker. Thanks for the question. First of all, just on your first point about promoted pricing, we are not at a $6.99 level. I think the lowest you'd probably see us in market on a -- on deals is about $7.99. And then secondly, to your other questions, you're absolutely right. I mean, there -- the migration back to core has been fantastic. If you look at what we're looking at on our share trends through IRI, we are seeing -- despite a very modest decline in the mainstream segment, we are growing our business, as well as, obviously, share in that segment. And then premium, it's -- again, it's what you said. We are focusing on premium, done good things on Dunkin' from a support perspective as well as getting the pricing right. FGS is doing well, and of course, as you know, we continue to support our K-Cups. So -- and then, of course, even our Hispanic brands are also doing extremely well. So right now, we're feeling very good about all the segments.
Mark T. Smucker: Okay, sure. Akshay, the -- you're generally -- again, I think you're correct is a lot of the assumptions that you voiced. Frankly, the category is going to continue to grow, and there are -- as Vince mentioned, there's a lot of unlicensed entrants, and they are generating trial. I think it remains to be seen whether or not they continue to generate repeat purchase. I think we feel very confident that we -- over the longer time, the consumer will recognize the relative quality that the licensed entrants provide in their cup of coffee and may migrate back there. But you're going to see a lot of noise in the category over the next couple of quarters. I don't believe necessarily -- I think the 15% is accurate. I think that we're pretty comfortable with that number. And so again, there's been -- although there's been a lot of noise, there has been some quality issues with some of the unlicensed entrants and a recall here and there. So I think that noise will continue, but longer term, our goal is to grow the business even if we may see some slight share erosion in the coming couple of quarters.
Mark T. Smucker: Jason. Yes, actually, we do. And again, as I think we've said before, we think some of those pricing actions by the competition were lagging ours. So I think we're still positioned very well.
Mark T. Smucker: Chuck, it's Mark Smucker again. Basically, it's what we've been talking just in terms of making sure we've got all the right consumer and customer support, as well as getting those -- the pricing, the absolute pricing and the gaps just right. And of course, we have a new product line action that we're launching this year, Dunkin' bakery series, which is not a seasonal item. It is actually a permanent line, and so that will help us. It's flavored coffee. It's flavored like, basically, Dunkin's pastries and doughnuts in their shop, and we feel very good that that will add to the growth as well.
Mark T. Smucker: Rob, this is Mark Smucker again, a little bit. I mean, I think with some of the new entrants, we have seen some tiering in -- price tiering in the category. So you've got at least 3, if not 4 different pricing tiers in the category. Again, I think we go back to just our relative brand strength and quality to continue to drive repeat purchase in our brands, as well as some of the license. So it's typical to what we would see, basically, in the broader category. So I think we feel pretty comfortable where we are today.
Mark T. Smucker: Sure. Two things, first of all, we don't comment on the specifics of the agreement with Green Mountain, but we are adding SKUs. We're actually launching 2 new items this year. And as it relates to the other partners that Green Mountain has, we feel that we're on a level playing field.
Mark T. Smucker: Sure. Again, Mark Smucker here, John. Yes, we've seen a little bit of softness on Millstone. Obviously, the Folgers brand is doing very well. I think 2 things, I would just say that that -- the softness you've seen right now is probably driven just by, again, some of that trial that we've seen and the number of entrants in the category. But I will -- we are very confident that although we're exiting the Millstone bulk business, we are going to remain committed to that brand and continue to support it, both in the bag format as well as in the K-Cup format.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes. I think as we go forward, we're still very comfortable with that, and we're going to continue to drive that. There is plenty of opportunity for both Bustelo and Pilon to grow the brand with distribution as well as with new consumers. So I -- we're still very bullish on that. In the end, and as we said -- we've also said we're going to double that business in 5 years, and we're on track to do that.
