David J. West: Just let me take it into a – give you a couple of pieces. Remember that one thing is that the Canadian mainstream business was, in the modeling numbers, we would have given you when we bought the business. It's now in the International segment. So, there's a shift there. That business is obviously still healthy but it's going to be running the Canadian business. So, you're going to see a slightly smaller number. This is also the seasonally lowest quarter. So you can't just take this quarter and multiply out by four. This is because of the way merchandising in the category works and the timing in new item launches just tends to be the lowest quarter. So, I would look at it in a different way which would be to say, we only model 4% to 5% top line growth over time for this business. We're there in the first quarter. Our Pet Snacks business grew high single digits; that's what we expected it to do, that's what it grew in the quarter. Our Pet Specialty business was above high single digits. Some of that is pipeline filled as we've expanded the distribution footprint, but the core business is very healthy and offsetting that was, we were down in the mainstream business, particularly with some of the deflationary activity and promotional things that are going on in the market. But overall, we're right where we wanted to be on the model and as we project forward, I would still use that model to get to the number, just remembering it's a seasonally smaller quarter.
David J. West: I think over time, you would expect the margins to improve for two reasons. If you think about where the growth is going to come from, Pet Snacks had the highest margin in the Pet portfolio. I think some of the highest margins in the entire portfolio of the company. So, as we grow Pet Snacks high single digits over time, you get a very favorable mix effect in margins. And then the second thing is our Pet Specialty margins, we bought the business not too long ago with respect to Natural Balance, and we're just in the process now starting to put those margin improvement programs into place. So our margins in Pet Specialty are probably lower than some of the bigger competitors that you might be tracking that give out public data. And over time, we think our operating margins will improve in the Pet Specialty segment as we grow as well.
David J. West: And, Chris, there's a little bit of pipeline in the Pet Specialty business as we expand the Natural Balance footprint. So the Natural Balance in the Pet Specialty segment was up certainly higher than high single digits in the quarter. We still see the overall year, still looking in that 4% to 5% range. There will be puts and takes as we go along. We had a more difficult time in the dry dog food part of the market this quarter. We wouldn't expect that to continue all year. So there will be puts and takes as we go along, but there's a little bit of pipeline as we get the distribution expansion on Natural Balance. But I think for the year, you can still look at that 4% to 5% and feel pretty good about it.
David J. West: By segment, yes, we can do that. Well, obviously, in Coffee, we said our Folgers' volume was actually down 9%; why don't we pull that here and maybe cover that. If you've got another question and we can come back to that.
David J. West: I think what you're seeing right now – and again, I think when you buy the syndicated data, I think you get a number that's dog and cat, and we look at it as dry and wet, so I think you don't see the full picture. If you look at it over 52 weeks of a brand like Kibbles 'n Bits, we're down 10 basis points in share over 52 weeks. If you look at the last quarter, that's been accelerated, but that's really all about price points and opening price points, and we took our price up in the quarter and we lost some share. So what we're doing in that business over time is managing it for profit as well as for share. So we're pleased with the profitability of our dry cat and dog businesses. Soybean meal and corn are the largest inputs in the dry food business. They're at lows and are much lower than prior years. So you're going to see some of that reflected in price points at the shelf, but it is not a pass-through category. So over time, as you see commodities come back up, you also won't see all of it passed back through in terms of prices going up and down. So it's a little different than the categories. This is a big, big, big category over time. It's been relatively flat over time. Right now we're deflationary. So I think we're managing it for a combination of share and profits. So I'm not all that concerned about it. On a long-term basis, people still will feed, and this will be a relatively flat tonnage part of the business. You do see a significant migration away into Pet Specialty over time. We have two great brands in Pet Specialty. We have Nature's Recipe, which is a gateway brand into Pet Specialty. And then we have the Natural Balance business, which we're rolling out our distribution footprint. So as that migration occurs, we're well positioned to take advantage of it. We've got a great brand in Kibbles 'n Bits and a very good brand in Gravy Train as well in dry dog. So I think you can't overreact to something in a deflationary period. The business was a little softer than we'd like it to be, but we also hit the profit targets for the dry business overall.
David J. West: I only have good comments about this. I think as Richard said, Pet Food is one of the categories where you've got a number of retailers who are moving and have their own omni-channel businesses and we've been participating with that for years. And one of the areas that we talked about, when we talk about reinvesting any amount of the savings above the $200 million, building capabilities in this area is something that we're already doing. We're channel agnostic in terms of the better consumer. We want to reach the consumer. That becomes more and more important at that digital, so we are building digital capabilities and a digital ecosystem. Shopper marketing and the ability to use the big data that we all have to do better targeting and better shopper marketing program is an area that we're building out capability. And then merchandising and go-to-market activities, particularly around launching innovation and how you get innovation to the right consumer in the trial period when you have your marketing; all of those things are capabilities that we have – both companies have in some form. And we will continue to build out and we're pretty excited about those platforms. I think when we get to the Investor Day in October, when you see some of our brand and category presentations, you'll be able to see what we're doing in the digital, social and shopper marketing areas. It's pretty exciting, but I think the reality of it is we need to own the relationship with our consumer because they're going to shop in more and more places over time. And so, we're really focused on owning that relationship and then meeting them when they want their information and where they want it. And that's going to be more and more on their mobile device. So, more to come on it. I think the whole industry is moving. We're excited about where we are because we think they have categories that lend themselves to really great consumer interaction.
Vincent C. Byrd: Andrew, this is Vince Byrd. I would also just make sure we all understand that the synergies will not all be reflected in the Pet SG&A margin percentages. Those will basically affect all of our businesses or SG&A as we go forward.
Vincent C. Byrd: David, this is Vince. And I would characterize it also as this. First of all, we are very pleased with the benchmarking that our consulting firm did and as both Richard stated and Mark in their formal remarks, they also identified a nice working capital opportunity for us. But it really doesn't change what our teams are singly focused on over the next year, and that's all of the integration activities and achieving what we would probably call more combinational opportunities to achieve that $200 million. As we look at other areas that our consultant challenges on, we would view that as the bucket of some transformational things, and we haven't made the decision yet at this point. That will be made over the next 12 months to 18 months how much further we go. But again, I think the important thing is we were very pleased with the results and the benchmarking and there might be upside to those opportunities.
Vincent C. Byrd: Jason, this is Vince. I'll start. I would say our synergy targets, as we said, we're going to give a little more color during the Investment Day, but it's in the traditional areas of, quite frankly, head count, other SG&A and then total delivered cost. And if you put SG&A versus total delivered, it's about 50%/50% in terms of where our current target is as Richard said in his prepared remarks. In terms of where we invest or where we choose to invest over the $200 million as Richard said earlier, time will tell. But it will be probably more in innovation in top line and probably marketing.
Vincent C. Byrd: If I can add to that, just like the Snacking business, as we're looking at simpler ingredient labeling for all of our brands and more natural, so we have a Natural Smucker's jam and jelly, which we came up with a few years ago and is doing extremely well. We have Smucker's now made sweetened with honey, and actually it's doing very well again though. And it's growing faster than the core brands, but they're very small. So we're trying to do that across every single category that we're in and even Pet, more natural, simple ingredients in Pet. So it's where the consumer wants to go. It's where we're headed. And as I talked about earlier with innovation, all of our brands, all of our categories are pushing both snacks, natural, simple ingredients. And we're seeing a lot of growth in all of those areas.
Vincent C. Byrd: This is Vince maybe just to add just one other dimension to it. The other thing that we're doing is looking at how our consumer gets information about our brands and products through their mobile devices and we're very close working with our industry on that front as well. So, it's all about consumer transparency in terms of information and our teams are working hard to fulfill that void as well.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. You did hear that correctly. By doing the consolidating project we're doing, we've definitely confirmed that we can get above the $200 million but we really plan on investing that back into the business. We are not at this point in time sharing those numbers, but it gives us real confidence in the $200 million and it gives us some sort of a cushion to invest back in our marketing programs and innovation.
Richard K. Smucker: It depends on how you define materially. It's a good number, but we're not doubling these savings. It's something like that. So just to let you know that it's a good number, but I don't want to put false expectations out.
Richard K. Smucker: I'll start. This is Richard. First of all, our growth outlooks – we're in two great categories, obviously Coffee and Pet. And then if you look at our Food side – and those are two great categories, but our third category is probably the base of our business, which is the Food side, which is Smucker's and peanut butter. Those are all I guess three good categories that we're in. We think they all have opportunities for growth. Pet we talked about mid-single digits, which we still think that is true. Coffee, there are commodities oriented with all these products. And so just in dollars, you may not get the right quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year. We have to price based upon where the commodities are. But we still see solid growth in all three of those businesses. Now in terms of absolute dollars, I think the industry is a little slower, but I think the categories that we're in still have solid mid-single growth rates. And I think that's what we still expect them to be.
Richard K. Smucker: I think what we'll do is we'll give you some more color. But we don't want to quantify at that point in time those extra synergies. But we'll probably give you some general directions in what we're doing. And we'll also talk a lot about innovation, and that's where a lot of those synergies will be put behind because we have a lot of things in the pipeline in all three of our segments, and we're going to spend behind those innovations. And so that's where we'd like to spend the extra dollars.
Richard K. Smucker: I'll just add a little color to that too because it's as we said. We're going to get $25 million of the synergies hitting the bottom line this year, but we are doing a lot of work to integrate these businesses and we are doing it, I would say the right way, measured, making sure that the businesses are solid, that our customers don't see any differences in terms of how we go to market, in terms of making sure that we're in line. And then, so most of that investment is going to come in the year two and year three against new products and innovation and that's where we would like to spend it. So, you're going to see that investment back at that time. You probably won't see much reinvestment this year, with the exception, as we've mentioned, we started the year good, our marketing programs and our marketing expenses are fully funded this year. And as Mark said, those are levers that you could pull throughout the year if you need to. But because we're off to a good start, we'd love to spend that money because that builds our brands for the long-term and we feel that we can do that this year and still hit the targets that we shared with the Street.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes. And I guess, I'll add to that, peanut butter just itself, it's been, continues to be a great category. And Snacking, almost every single category that we're in, whether it's Pet Snacks or Human Snacks, we're pushing Snacking across all of our lines, I guess, with the exception of Coffee. And those are kind of the areas that we're focusing on. Those are the big ideas.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. It's a very solid business. It gives up good cash flow every year. Some years it's up more than down, some years up more than others, some years down more than others. But we always do look at our portfolio. And so we never say as long as it's – we're not changing the values upon which the company was founded, we definitely say we look at our portfolio and we will make changes and see if it fits long term. But right now, we are satisfied with most of the brands that we've got, but from time to time we look at that.
Richard K. Smucker: I'm going to ask the team to comment on that. I'll just make a first comment that e-commerce this year we're actively involved in it. We think, however the consumer gets their products, we want to make sure that we can deliver it to them. Some of that will be through our traditional customers who have e-commerce initiatives which most of them now have and some will be through strictly e-commerce providers. But we think that's where a lot of consumers want to get their products. And so it depends upon the product that we have. I mean some products are certainly easier copies, very easy to ship by e-commerce. Pet Food is probably pretty easy to do by e-commerce. And some of our other products with less likely but we're looking at all opportunities. Dave, you might have a comment on that.
Steven Oakland - President: Hi, Dave, it's Steve Oakland, a couple things. We did have a great start in Coffee and that was driven by two things, as Mark talked about in his comments, both the Dunkin' Donuts K-Cup launch and better price cost relationship, even though we actually had a higher coffee prices this first quarter than we did a year ago, our promoted price in relation to that was better. But if we look at the second quarter, we need to look back to the prior year and if we remember the results of the prior year caused us to be very aggressive at managing spending across that business. And so, we had significantly lower than average marketing costs in the second quarter last year. So, there's a lot of moving parts. We feel great about our price cost relationship. In the comments, I think Richard mentioned that we downsized our canister. We did pass that savings along with that downsize. We also took a price decline. So, if you think about we have the downsized canister and the pricing reflected there, the price decline, we think we're in a great place for great performance in our merchandising for the second quarter. Now, that's going to allow us to spend more normal marketing and that normal marketing is going to be spent on the launch of Perfect Measures. So, we've got what we think is a very exciting innovation, one of the first innovations in roast and ground in some time, and we're pleased to be in a position to spend at a more normal level to support that launch. So, the marketing spend is probably the big difference. If you normalized marketing, you'd see much better year-over-year comparisons.
Steven Oakland - President: Sure. Hi, Alexia, Steve Oakland. You are correct. Last year in June, we took a 9% price up. And this year in July we took a 6% down. The delta there is a little bit of a price/cost mix. There's one month of difference there and then there's a couple percent difference just based on green. Additionally, we passed on savings through the downsize of the canisters. So if you think about our mainstream business, we feel really good about that pricing. And we think that should – although the canister is down, we should see significant unit growth and hopefully modest volume growth because of the smaller canister. The pricing dynamic with Starbucks though is more in our premium business. And you're right, I think we have had great share gains over the years. We took price up. Some of the other premium players did not follow, but the current pricing has allowed us to get those cost relationships more in line. And we would hope that both the regular turns of those businesses because they sell a lot on regular turn and the promotional features will help. Specifically on Dunkin', the excitement around the K-Cup launch, we had about 40,000 or so displays, if you can believe that, out in the first quarter. And many of those displays had both bags and K-Cups. So we're hoping that the excitement around K-Cup can also – and the media that we're going to do around K-Cup, which is just starting this last week or so, will help that whole Dunkin' franchise. So we feel good about pricing and about the excitement around the merchandising.
Steven Oakland - President: Chris, Steve Oakland. I can speak to Coffee. I think we are really pleased with how the canister transitioned. It really transitioned seamlessly but I don't think that really impacted the quarter. Most of the promotional activity in the quarter was on the same canister you had a year ago. We should see the impact of that in the second quarter. And I think it's both the ability to take price down. If you remember a year ago, we had taken a significant price increase. So, the year-versus-year, just absolute pricing difference makes both the retailer a little more excited about those features and hopefully, the consumer takeaway better.
Steven Oakland - President: Hi, Jonathan, Steve Oakland. Couple of things; yes. Dunkin' is in that premium segment, right. So, it's slightly above where Folgers is priced. And so, I mean it was an amazing launch quite frankly. If you think about it, you take one of, if not the largest, liquid coffee brands into mainstream K-Cup in the grocery store. So, the retailers, not just in the Northeast, but across the country were very excited about that. So, for the most part, we had trucks lined up at midnight the day we started shipping it, right. So, that kind of thing. So, we had great support there. The consumer has responded and it was not a – the whole segment really isn't driven by price points yet. So, let's hope we keep it that way. So, we gained share, but after one quarter, it's really hard given all of the shipments and all the channel things. It's hard to make a bet on the whole share gain for the year. But the early result share numbers were good as well. So I think you'll see that. I think you can expect that in the back half. Is it a higher margin item? No. And in fact, it performed reasonably well given the fact as early as it was in our launch, but like any launch, you've got all the cost, the marketing cost, the other things we invest in to put that product on the shelf. So...
Mark R. Belgya: Hey, Rob, this is Mark Belgya. I guess just to add to that, a couple of years ago we consciously increased the percentage of our organic growth to 3%. We moved our innovation from 1% to 2%. So it's tied to what Richard said, that innovation is clearly coming in those categories. But if you look at just the portfolio of what we brought to market last year and what we're bringing to market this year, we're not basing a lot of that growth on what I would call the traditional slower stuff. I think that should help. I think part of your question too, while I clearly aimed at organic, I too have heard similar commentary and I think a little bit challenges on the overall 6% as it relates to the M&A portion of the strategy, and I think it's a fair question. But as we've talked about and we continue to talk about, that's why we focus so much on this deleveraging because I think if we get somewhere out three years or so, two to three years, we'll be in a much better place that as M&A opportunities do provide themselves. So I can see at this point why there's a little reservation. Can we really get to the 6%? But I think if you give us a couple of years to delever, I think we'll be in a position to continue on the M&A side, which obviously has driven a lot of the top line, as we've hit our numbers over the last five years to 10 years, respectively.
Mark R. Belgya: Hey, Alexia. This is Mark Belgya. We're using this opportunity to take a step back as far as how we're going to talk about our coffee brands. We really want to focus on the brands themselves. And I think we'd just reiterate what we said before. Our current K-Cup business prior to Dunkin' was around $300 million, and we said a time or two that we think it can equal that. But we're trying to step away a little bit from the tracking that's pulling the brands up to that level of detail. So hopefully, we'll be consistent with that and everyone can get comfortable with that over time.
Mark R. Belgya: Marketing will certainly be up. It was down just a little bit. As we said, Dave's timing is more in the second quarter support, Pet Food, but you'll see. And as Steve said, particularly year-over-year in his business, it's going to be dramatically up. So we're still tracking pretty much in line with what we said at the beginning of the year in terms of overall marketing. Now, as you know, as we move through the year, we use that a little bit as a lever. But right now, we feel pretty good where we are.
Mark R. Belgya: Hey, Jason, this is Mark. So, in our Coffee business volume mix would be about plus 4%, our Consumer Foods would be plus 3%, and our International and Foodservice would be around plus 6%.
Mark R. Belgya: It's going to be primarily mix because on volume, you will recall we talked about with the downsizing of Coffee, we're going to lose it. We're measuring volume in tonnage, so we're going to have that as a drag. In terms of the pricing, we've got the Coffee, the price decline that we just took this summer, and then, a little bit of effect you had at the carryover on the peanut butter side. So, Dunkin', as we said, a lot of the 3% growth by can we use is coming in Coffee this year and it's being driven primarily by the K-Cup launch and then supplemented with the various innovations we've got across the organization.
Mark R. Belgya: I think a different way to think about that is more of what we've called sort of the big ideas that we've talked about. We've talked about growing Jif and Smucker's, and a lot of that's through innovation, both specifically in sort of traditional, but also pushing the brand in different categories. We've talked about Uncrustables, clearly, that continues to grow. In Coffee, really just that it continues to grow with the leader there and then, in Pet. So, yes, some of the stuff you said but it's somewhat embedded in those five areas or six areas as well.
Mark R. Belgya: I think, too, just to the point about managing cash. So you've got the profitability side of that contribution in cash, but it's not a big CapEx demand as we've invested previously in it. And I think as we've talked about earlier on the working capital program, I suspect there'll be some benefits from cash generation there too. So I don't want to say we're just managing for cash, but I think we will see cash generation at or better levels as we move forward on that particular part of the business.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, Hey, Jon, this is Mark Belgya again. Just to add one more thing to that. I think maybe a little longer-term bigger picture here is you got to remember that the arrangement is a three-party arrangement. So it naturally will have a slightly lower margin than existing the K-Cup business and clearly lower than the overall segment, yes.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, we'll average back down to the 35% I mentioned, pretty much to say I think you can use that lower down in each of the three quarters as well. It's not a phase down for Q4.
