Mark Smucker: Andrew, it's Mark. Thanks for the question. I guess I would just respond directly, first of all, by saying that we don't believe that there's a window, right? And it is our responsibility to always manage our costs, which we do on an ongoing basis to ensure that we're thinking about cost productivity. And when we do need to take pricing, we will do that. And that will not change. So we will continue to partner with our customers, as we've talked about in the past, and be very prudent and judicious. We're obviously cognizant of the pressure that is on consumers. But as you know, we have a responsibility to our shareholders to protect our dollar profit. And we have confidence that not only have we been able to do that, that we will be judicious and prudent going forward and use all of the levers at our disposal to do so. So we will continue to manage through it. I know that we've experienced a significant amount of inflation, and Tucker can provide more detail. But a majority of our cost increases have successfully been priced for at this time.
Mark Smucker: Sure, of course. Well, first of all, demand continues to exceed supply. And so we're continuing to manufacture as many sandwiches as we can. We actually made over 1 billion sandwiches in the fiscal year, which was, of course, a record. And we did see a little bit of a deceleration in the fourth quarter, largely just because we had some supply constraints related to supply and labor, which we have resolved. And so we do expect to return this quarter to double-digit growth. And then as the completion of the second phase of our Longmont investments finish, we would expect to see some additional acceleration for Uncrustables sales in the back half. So bottom line, brand is super healthy. It's going to continue to grow. The demand and supply dynamic is as we've discussed, and we continue to make meaningful investments in capacity to support that. So we do believe that we will become a $1 billion brand.
Mark Smucker: Ken, I think it's really difficult to answer that question specifically. We obviously keep a close watch on our retail customers as well as our competitors. I would say the general comment is that we have seen competitors across our categories take price. In many cases, we have led those prices and price increases. In some cases, we have followed. But I think the headline really here is that really the tide raises all boats. So as we're all experiencing similar cost pressures and, again, that's a general statement, I do believe that we all are responding in a relatively similar manner to those cost increases. So the inflation tends to be broad-based across categories.
Mark Smucker: Yes. I get a couple of headlines, Ken, just to respond directly. We do have a lot of confidence in our portfolio. And I think when you look at the results, particularly this quarter, 86% of our portfolio growing or maintaining share, that just does not -- that just -- it doesn't just happen. It really is a combination of fantastic investment in our business, execution by our employees and the execution of our strategy by which we have refined our portfolio. And so all of those factors have contributed to those fantastic results. And so we just think that our -- we believe that our strategy is truly working. And then more specifically, elasticity, even in the quarter, we did see elasticity coming in better than expected. That trend has continued. As you've heard us talk, we do -- we are modeling, going forward, some elasticity. But at the end of the day, because we've been able to execute our strategy, we have and refined our portfolio. We really are in categories that are pretty resilient and our offerings about those categories are focused on a variety of value propositions and playing in multiple segments. So we just feel that we're very well positioned in this environment and just will continue to execute our strategy.
Mark Smucker: Laurent, Nutrish had a really good quarter, and it was up 14%. So some of the actions that we have been taking are starting to help stabilize that brand. So we're encouraged by that. A couple of the areas of focus for us on Nutrish are supporting some of our faster-growing segments like wet dog and dog snacks. And then as we -- I think we mentioned there in the prepared remarks about how we are going to optimize the nutritional aspects of the formulas, and we will be kicking in some new advertising in the back half of the year. So our efforts on Nutrish continue. As we've shared, it is a long-term process, but we do -- we're satisfied with the results so far, and we're going to continue to push to ensure that we stabilize that brand.
Mark Smucker: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. We have had a lot of questions about that. And what we wanted to ensure that we are clarifying is we're still very interested in acquisitions, and we want to be an acquisitive company. We want to be prudent about the dollars that we would invest in acquisitions. So they definitely are an important part of our strategy, and we do consider transformational bolt-on or emerging acquisitions. As we think about our current portfolio, we are interested in rounding out our portfolio. If you think about coffee, there are opportunities to continue to round out our portfolio there. If you think about pet snacks is an area of interest as well as snacking and our frozen handheld business, of course, is very strong. So there were unique assets in the frozen space, all of those would potentially be of interest. I think the real -- really the only shift that we were trying to communicate with all of our investors was we would not meaningfully enter a new category unless we were able to acquire a meaningful or leadership position in a new category. In other words, we would not enter a new category by acquiring a small or emerging brand. We feel that our skill set is in managing leading positions. And so we would not be looking to enter new categories with a small brand. It would have to be a growing category and the option to acquire some meaningful share of that category. So again, focusing on our existing businesses, rounding them out, pet snacks, coffee and frozen handheld are all of interest.
Mark Smucker: Yes. I would just add, Jason, that we want to convey to all of you and our investors that you should have no concerns whatsoever about Uncrustables. The volume was up 7% on the full year, and we do expect continued volume growth in the next year based on everything we've said. So it really was a temporary hiccup. And given the demand and supply offsets, we do expect that brand to continue to grow dollars double-digit over this next year, for sure.
Mark Smucker: I guess -- Peter, I would just -- I just wanted to reemphasize that as we think about, again, taking price, we want to be very judicious in how we do that. And so our goal is not necessarily to over recover. We do have to pull all levers. We have to manage productivity and cost. And so to my earlier comments a little while ago about being sensitive to what the consumer is experiencing and then partnering with our customers to make sure that we are passing along is justified.
Mark Smucker: Sure. So as you know, we initiated a voluntary recall on select Jif products. Consumer safety, of course, is utmost important to us. We care very much about our end consumer. And we continue working with the FDA to ensure that the Lexington facility is up and running as safely and as quickly as possible. Our Memphis facility was not affected by the recall and has continued to produce Jif products. Our New Bethlehem facility, which produces specialty peanut butters, does not manufacture any Jif products and is not -- also not affected by the recall. All of the peanut butter that goes to Uncrustables is produced in Memphis. And so we have continued to produce that butter and send it to our 2 facilities for Uncrustables.
Mark Smucker: Pamela, the answer to your second question is Uncrustables, where we have seen 0 elasticity, right? And so consumers have continued to buy Uncrustables. We would continue that. We would expect that to continue as well. And we have not seen really any meaningful trade down in our categories as we are very much accustomed to competing across the entire value spectrum. Our categories are resilient, as I mentioned earlier, tend to be a bit less discretionary. And as at-home consumption remains elevated, we would expect that we would continue to grow our brands. And I think the results and our share performance in the quarter sort of put an exclamation mark on that.
Mark Smucker: Well, a couple of things, maybe a little bit of repetition is we have generally taken a majority of the pricing across our portfolio thus far in anticipation of our costs that we would incur this fiscal year. There may be additional pricing actions that are required depending on costs and inputs and so forth. And our confidence derives from the fact that we continue to have very strong relationships with our retail customers and that we really approach any meaningful cost increases very judiciously and really work to partner with our customers and have very open dialogue as we move forward. So again, this is part of our business. It's our job, and we want to manage through it in the most positive way possible, so we remain confident.
Mark Smucker: Well, I want to thank all of you for joining today. It's -- we clearly have executed against our strategy and are very pleased with our results and so our outlook reflects that as well. But these results are really possible because of our team and our fantastic employees. So wanted to just acknowledge and recognize the tremendous work, which -- and there's a lot of it to be very honest, that all of our folks have been doing, but just wanted to take a moment to acknowledge our employees and thank them for delivering such a strong year. Thank you very much.
Tucker Marshall: Ken, this is Tucker. I'll begin and then hand it to Mark to talk about some of the business considerations that you just asked. But when you think about the growth year-over-year on a reported basis, we're saying we're up 4%. When you isolate the divestiture impact that occurred in FY '22, that provides 2 percentage points of growth, which gets you to 6%. And then as you isolate the Jif recall for FY '23, that then takes you to 8% underlying growth year-over-year. That 8% comprises 15% pricing, offset by 7% volume mix, which is primarily due to price elasticity of demand. When you think about the 15% year-over-year pricing, that is pricing actions that we took in FY '22 that will fully materialize or benefit or lap into FY '23. And we did take early spring pricing for the benefit of our full fiscal year of FY '23 in that 15%. I'll pause and see if Mark has anything else to add on the businesses.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. So I think as we think about -- we are anticipating top line growth for coffee throughout the year. Again, that is primarily driven by pricing as a result of covering material cost inflation. As you think about the growth profile, we would anticipate that coffee continued its profitability growth at the bottom-line year-over-year from a dollar standpoint. And we would anticipate that margins improve as we move through the fiscal year, but the first quarter margins would likely be the lowest. And we will more likely than not get back to the 30% level. We will be short of that for the fiscal year. As you think about our pet portfolio, we are anticipating top line growth for pet. Once you isolate the impact of the divestitures year-over-year, that top line growth for pet then does translate into bottom line growth through the first 3 quarters. Pet will lap a pretty strong fourth quarter, as you saw in the results today. Again, the story within pet is pricing actions taken to cover material cost inflation. So hopefully, that gives you a context of how we're thinking about the direction of both coffee and pet. And then Mark outlined the fact that Uncrustables on a full year basis grew 19% for this past fiscal year, and we would anticipate double-digit growth of the Uncrustables brand in each of our 4 quarters in FY '23.
Tucker Marshall: So Rob, let me break down the earnings component first, and then I can address free cash flow and capital deployment secondly. So after you isolate the $0.90 unfavorable impact from the Jif peanut butter product recall, that would put you at about $8.95. And again, that's slightly up to where we finished the year. I would just acknowledge that we did have a very strong finish for the fourth quarter. When you think about the benefit of pricing actions that either came through FY '22 or -- and will also lap into FY '23, along with the additional pricing actions that we have taken in early spring for the full year benefit of FY '23, along with the benefit of shares repurchased in FY '22, that is being offset almost by year-over-year cost inflation, our estimate of price elasticity or down volume mix and our SD&A increased year-over-year, which is in support of investments back into the business and just compensation year-over-year then it basically says you have about a $0.07 difference from where we guided versus where we finished last year. And we think this is a prudent approach at this point in time with respect to guidance after you isolate the impact of the peanut butter recall. A couple of other points that I would highlight is we are making significant investments to continue the Uncrustables growth. That is about a $0.55 impact embedded in our guidance range. There's $30 million of preproduction that we called out in SD&A. And there's another approximately $48 million to $50 million of incremental fixed overhead as we complete Phase 2 of Walmart and as we begin the initial phases of McCallum, Alabama. Then to your second question, as it relates to free cash flow, free cash flow guide is $500 million. There are a few items affecting it just for your awareness. One is the incremental investment for Uncrustables, the completion again in Longmont and the beginning phases of McCallum. Then we also do have the Jif impact that's affecting free cash flow. I estimate that to be about $100 million, and we are making in the first quarter $80 million of cash contributions into our pension funds as well. We remain committed to a balanced capital deployment model, reinvesting in the business, returning cash to shareholders. We will look at the dividend for the future because we want to continue to increase that dividend as we have done, and we will consider strategic reinvestments but we will also keep our eyes open to seeing share repurchases are appropriate as we think about delivering long-term shareholder value. So hopefully that rounds out your 2 questions.
Tucker Marshall: Jason, in our fourth quarter, we experienced some supply chain challenges that actually started in the beginning of our -- end of our third quarter and that had an impact on production, primarily due to labor and some other sort of fundamental sort of inputs into the product. We have since addressed those and are successfully back up to the run rates that we would expect and anticipate. And as a result of that, we just sort of managed through volume in our fourth quarter. And we did finish the full year up 19% at top line. We do anticipate that going into next fiscal year, we will continue to see double-digit growth for the brand in each of our 4 quarters of next fiscal year, that is just the continued momentum of the business. It's bringing on additional capacity. And then I would acknowledge that Uncrustables aren't immune to the cost environment. And so we've had to take pricing against Uncrustables as well just as we've had to do across our broader portfolio. But we're very confident against that brand due to the points that Mark made earlier about demand outstripping the current capacity, and we continue to bring capacity online to meet demand.
Tucker Marshall: Jason, let me start with the pricing dynamic that you're referencing. One, we do have 15% benefit to our top line year-over-year as a result of pricing. A portion of that 15% is due to actions that we took in FY '22 that did not provide a full year benefit. So I think you have to be careful in isolating the 15% to our mid- to high teens call out in our prepared remarks. The second comment that I would offer is, is that we did take pricing in early spring for the full year benefit of FY '23, that is in that 15%. And then underlying our philosophy has been to recover dollar-for-dollar cost inflation to make sure that we're passing along just the appropriate cost increases that we're seeing. And so therefore, we do feel as though we are recovering that impact year-over-year and over the last 2 years.
Tucker Marshall: Our guidance reflects -- that 15% reflects what we have taken in -- excuse me, have taken in the early spring, and so we feel as though at this point in time, we are set for the fiscal year.
Tucker Marshall: We believe that our 15% acknowledges the cost inflation and the conversations that we've had with retailers to date. We will continue to monitor our cost basket as we move forward and address any incremental increases to the extent they occur and/or happen.
Tucker Marshall: Our current guidance reflects our current cost picture, both the component that we are able to hedge or otherwise control against and also the variable portion. And so it's our best look at this point in time, absent any material changes in the overall markets or product or supply availability.
Tucker Marshall: So as we called out in our press release this morning, I think there is a $0.90 impact that is our current and best estimate. About half of that impact is due to customer returns, which will come through primarily in our first quarter and the other half of that impact is what we're referring to is manufacturing downtime, which will primarily impact us in the first quarter as well. And as we continue to learn more, we'll continue to update you and others.
Tucker Marshall: what I would offer is that we believe that we are experiencing mid- to high teens cost inflation across our cost basket, which is primarily commodity ingredients, packaging and transportation and manufacturing. And what we don't disclose is our coverage position throughout a fiscal year. But it is our best look and best estimate of our cost structure at this point in time, and we'll continue to manage and monitor the inflation and overall supply chain disruption over time.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. So the 15% year-over-year impact associated with pricing, again, is a component of FY '22 lapping into FY '23 and again, as a component of recent pricing actions we've taken for the full benefit of FY '23. Again, our philosophy on pricing has been solely to recover input cost inflation on a dollar-for-dollar basis. We believe that it's prudent in last fiscal year and this fiscal year to forecast the impact of price elasticity of demand. In FY '22, they have come in a little bit better than anticipated or under historical trends, but we do think there will be greater pressure in FY '23. And that 7% really is a composition of what we're anticipating from price elasticity of demand, but it also have some underlying momentum behind it, too, as well, which is from our Uncrustables brand that we anticipate demonstrating sort of mid-single digits to high single-digit volume growth year-over-year and a continued return to growth from our Away From Home business. And so it is our best look right now, kind of the volume impact year-over-year, Cody, and we'll continue to manage and monitor and update as we move forward in the subsequent quarters.
