Andrew Lazar: Quick question about - in pet food, I think you'd mentioned that Nutrish dog food sales rose about 4% in the quarter. And I think at CAGNY last week you'd mentioned that your anticipation - you're anticipating getting back to growth in Nutrish in the back half of your fiscal '22. So I guess I'm just trying to square those two things basically is premium dog sort of turning maybe more quickly than you would have thought or were there certain things in this particular quarter that maybe would be discrete or less sustainable for a couple quarters until it's truly sort of where you want it to be.
Andrew Lazar: Right and I was looking specifically at sort of dry dog because I know that's the area where you were doing more of the work and had more of the challenges and I think again at CAGNY I think you'd said by back half of fiscal '22 it'd be back to growth. So anyway, I was just trying to get a sense of if that's happening faster or you might have initially expected or if there's anything one off in this quarter related to Nutrish growth. It doesn't totally sound like that was the case, necessarily that there was something one off in nature, if I'm hearing your right.
Andrew Lazar: Yeah, great, thank you. And then one, one last quick one would just be, was inventory sort of refill a factor at all in the quarter, obviously, in Coffee, in Pet, in US consumer, clearly, consumption was - or organic sales growth was quite a bit above what most for modeling and in some cases, even above what we've seen in sort of standard data, which is obviously not fully comprehensive. So I didn't know if inventory refill was much of a factor in any of those segments or not really. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Hey Andrew its Mark. Yes, Nutrish dog food did grow actually 6% in the quarter. Notably the total Nutrish brand grew 8% and so we're obviously very pleased with that. I think what we reported last quarter was the fact that we were seeing that brand stabilize and this quarter, we think we have pretty good confidence that it is stabilizing. So let me make a correction, the 4% number was specific to dry dog, right and then the total brand was 8%.
Mark Smucker: No. Yeah, I think it's just a function, quite frankly, of all the work that we have done on Nutrish. And we've spent a lot of dollars in marketing, supporting the brand and the launch of Big Life [ph] is underway, we've had good sell in for that. We're re architecting the brand as well. So we really do feel that the actions we're taking on that brand are starting to pay off.
Mark Smucker: Good morning. Yes, we have. From an earnings standpoint, we believe that there's a $0.20 impact to the financial guidance this year that is being offset on a full year basis by approximately $0.10 of shares repurchased in the third quarter.
Mark Smucker: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. This is Mark. E-commerce is one of the key components of our growth strategy. And specifically we talk about being everywhere and that's critical as we think about e-commerce and so making sure that we're engaging with consumers wherever they shop. We're pretty pleased with the growth in our e-commerce business and our ability to do that profitably. Over the last three quarters, we've actually grown the business 50% or over 50% and so total e-commerce sales are over 10% for the total company. Coffee specifically, was up over 70%. One of the great things about e-com is it really does allow us to get closer to our consumer, where we can understand and engage with them, we can make adjustments to our assortment if we need to on the fly and it does have high ROI. So it really is a win-win-win. It's a win for us. It's a win for our customers, as well as our consumers. And we really continue to remain very focused on the click and collect model, which is a very productive channel. And we have number one brands there from a digital shelf standpoint, specifically, skewing towards coffee, peanut butter and pet snacks.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Ken. Thanks for the question. As we always say there's multiple levers to manage net pricing. And we're always taking a very prudent judicious approach, one, which involves partnering with our customers, and making sure that we're doing the right thing by them as well as for our business. So when we take specific list price changes, we're always focused on justifiable increases that are driven by cost increases or in some cases where the consumer sees value. I would point out Jif, we took a pricing action recently and we're pleased that in the last several months the key competitors did follow that increase. And so we feel pretty good about our ability to continue to recover.
Mark Smucker: Rob thanks. You are correct that your interpretation of my prepared remarks were spot on. And we do see this as an ongoing trend just as we are looking to simplify and optimize our assortment so are our customers and that does tend to benefit larger mainstream brands because as there are fewer - the tail is not as long if you will, in certain categories. And because they're getting more efficient on shelf, there are fewer - there will be fewer or fewer SKUs in particular categories. In our case, it's notable in coffee and peanut butter would be two of the notable ones where we're benefiting from that. And what that means is not only are we staying on shelf, but in many cases, we are getting more shelf space and so we do see that as an ongoing trend for the foreseeable future.
Mark Smucker: Sure rob banks. On coffee, specifically, a lot of the volatility that you're seeing at this point in the year often is driven by some speculation, because it is early in the year in terms of when coffee is planted or harvested. And so a lot of that volatility we think is more financially driven. So we will watch that. I think the headline here is that we again, have multiple levers on price. We'll continue to price in a responsible way when we can. On pet specifically we do have pricing power, for example, in snacks. In dog food, for example, we would follow, but I think the good news about the pet industry is that the industry in total really does have a great track record of recovery and using those levers. So we do have confidence that regardless of the category or our position they're in that we would continue to have the ability to recover justifiable cost increases through the various pricing levers.
Mark Smucker: Yeah, so a couple of things, there were a few factors in terms of our decision to realign our corporate support organization to better support our business. As you well know, consumer behavior has evolved rapidly in recent years and will continue to do so. And of course, the divestitures and then our much greater focus on the growth platforms in priority brands. So if you think about our consumer centric strategy, we really want to create a leaner and flatter organization, ensuring that we align ownership accountability, incentives and so forth to the financial statements and we do have high confidence this is going to make us more agile. So while there are decisions that do negatively impact our employees, these are very difficult decisions. We take them extremely seriously. And we only make them after very careful consideration, so from time to time there are moments when we need to ensure the long-term health of our business. And so this is one of those moments. And as you also know, we have a very strong continuous improvement mindset. And this is one factor in that process, so just making sure that we treat our employees with the utmost respect for those that would be exiting the organization.
Mark Smucker: Yeah, Jason, I understand the question. I think what you're seeing, you reference a 2.5 and saw that, I think in your report, I think what you're seeing is just mass media and so that were all that was been reflected in that. We have not been specific in the various channels where we spend marketing. We are, as we've been talking about, we're very committed to that 6.5% to 7% of net sales target. And as we think about the various media channels, we evaluate them all when we think about each of them uniquely in terms of what returns are they getting, and so forth. We do fundamentally focus on reach for a lot of our brands, we want to reach as many consumers as we can, but there is a very strong element of targeting that we take there. As it relates to some of the media channels that are within retailers, we have participated in those from the get go, they have a very high ROI, and have helped improve our market share. So outside of that in mass media, even we have the strongest share of voice in - and particularly in coffee and peanut butter for example. And so we continue to evaluate all channels. And we think that the budget that we have now and going forward will be sufficient to support all of those marketing efforts and channels.
Mark Smucker: Thanks Alexia, its Mark. Hard to quantify, but clearly a benefit, just the fact that these consumer habits around coffee, around breakfast and lunch have changed and evolved. We do think that there is a high degree of stickiness. Our confidence in that has increased over time. And just the dynamics that I mentioned in our - in the prepared remarks, whether specific to coffee or otherwise are really going to benefit us going forward post pandemic. K-Cups specifically have grown about two times the category. And so if you look at our coffee category, if you take into consideration K-Cups, plus the rest of the Dunkin and Bustelo business it's about half of our coffee business right there. So clearly great growth, feel good about the segments we're in playing in the right segments and very well positioned for the future.
Mark Smucker: Thank you all for dialing in today and listening. We really appreciate it. We're very pleased with our results and the prospects for our business going forward. I hope that we left you with confidence in our key priorities around commercial excellence, streamlining our cost infrastructure. Clearly the actions we've taken on reshaping our portfolio and then really wanting to ensure that we unleash our organization to win. So I wanted to take a moment to thank our employees as always, and each of you for tuning in today. Have a great weekend.
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, we believe that our shipments are in line with consumption as you look across all the channels that we participate in, so we don't see anything abnormal for the quarter going forward.
Tucker Marshall: Yeah, so I would bring you back to our full year guidance of approximately 38% for the full year as it relates to the gross profit margin. As you think about the fourth quarter, we are going to be down materially from the gross profit standpoint or margin standpoint. And that's due to as you've noted, incremental trade spend investments primarily for the Pet business that's supporting the brands and the intros and the promotion, along with timing of fixed expenses related to manufacturing absorption, we are comping a very strong sales quarter. So we will lose some level of manufacturing absorption, along with the continued impact on our Away From Home business. And then as we have shared, we are experiencing increased freight and transportation expenses this year due to tight supply chains. But on a longer-term basis, we remain committed to a healthy gross profit margin achieving that 38% or better.
Tucker Marshall: Yeah, Ken, what we're experiencing in the International Away From Home operating segment is a continued significant and extended decline in the Away From Home business. And that's really driven by the kind of two key elements within that business. One is coffee, and two is portion control. There is the handheld component of the business. And as a result of the last top line, we are seeing a pretty significant impact to last manufacturing, absorption and other fixed cost absorption as well. And you have to recall that it's not only the manufacturing size, we also have a very big installed equipment base for coffee brewing. And so we're not putting volume across that it also has an impact. So as we see return to growth in the top line for the Away From Home business and the segment and its entirety that will also have a corresponding improvement to the profit base as well.
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. Rob, so what we factor that 185 million is the impact to our fourth quarter of last fiscal year that was primarily in the back half of the month of March and the balance of our fiscal year in April. And what we looked at was the initial stock up by consumers due to the early stages of the pandemic across all of our businesses, particularly in coffee and consumer. It did have an element of impact to pet as well. That's what we quantified based on where we thought we were going to finish the year 45 days earlier, so to speak. And that's our best estimate. We've been pretty consistent with that comment both in the completion of our fiscal year and then carrying it through because we knew that at a top line due to that specific component lapping the COVID initial surge would be a year-over-year decline in the fourth quarter for us.
Tucker Marshall: Jason, good morning, I still think there's a couple of parts to that question. So I'm going to start and then let Mark provide some incremental comments. So as it relates to the fourth quarter, we are anticipating being down in earnings approximately $1 at the midpoint. This is reflecting ongoing business momentum that we see which we approximate to be about $0.25, then it's being offset by the net sales decline due to the lapping of the initial consumer stock up during the pandemic of the prior year of approximately $0.50. And then we've noted that there is a divestiture impact across Crisco and Natural Balance of approximately $0.20 in the fourth quarter that is being offset about $0.06 from shares repurchased in the third quarter. And then we have incremental cost headwinds in two areas. One is the incremental SG&A expenses of about $0.35 and that's being driven by the marketing reinvestments that Mark spoke to. And then lastly as you are seeing a year-over-year gross margin decline. And that is approximately $0.25. So that gets you to where we're down about $1. Without some of the lapping effect and some of the reinvestment effects that would have had a positive impact to the bottom line. But we did - we have made some decisions and we have divested some businesses. And then the second question that I think you asked was last week at CAGNY, we offered that on a two-year stack basis, we see a path demonstrating underlying organic growth at the top line and adjusted earnings per share. There were some questions around what level of earnings per share. We finished FY '20 at $8.76 and so we'd like to think that we could do $8.76 or better in our next fiscal year. But again, it's early innings as we work through the planning process. I'll pause and offer Mark if he has any other responses to your questions.
Tucker Marshall: And Jason, the one thing that I would support Mark's comments on is, is that a part of our continuous improvement mindset is, is making sure that we get the right return on that marketing spend, but that any non-working marketing dollars are analyzed, and either reinvested back into marketing or potentially taken to the bottom line. And that is an element of our cost improvement programs that we've talked about.
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. Alexia, good morning. I would share that last fiscal year we finished with a gross profit margin percentage over 38%, I think it was 38.2%. We're currently guiding to be approximately 38% for this fiscal year. And big picture, we remain committed to ensuring that we have a healthy gross profit margin today, tomorrow and beyond. And that is really supported by our continuous improvement mindset, the cost management reduction programs and the margin management programs as well. As Mark talked about as you think about commodities along with any other ingredient or packaging or transportation increases, we would love to offset those first through our physical buy. Secondly would also be through our hedging and risk management strategies. The next would also then be our continuous improvement mindset as noted, and then lastly, pricing where and when justified across our respective businesses. And so we acknowledge that we continue to take all those elements not only to deliver this fiscal year, but also for next fiscal year and beyond. I would also say on the manufacturing side, we do have very tight supply chains. And so inventory levels, particularly within our network are a bit below where we might want them. And so we continue to work to get those levels up, not only this fiscal year, next fiscal year to meet retail and consumer demand. So I don't expect - I do expect a hangover in manufacturing absorption, I think the question is, how big is the hangover, and there might be some benefit or upside there. So when you think about manufacturing absorption year-over-year. And then lastly is as we continue to reshape the portfolio, either through divestiture activity or optimizing SKUs that will also hopefully endure to a positive benefit as well, to gross profit margin. And then underlying all of that, as you well know, we have a very strong consumer centric strategy across a lot of our key growth brands. And as we've continued to drive that growth, it will also support the gross profit margin as well. So hopefully, that gives you a sense at a big picture level as to how we're thinking about it.
