James C. Foster: Well, on the CapEx side, we're going to be investing in capacity for pre-clinical business in multiple sides as we indicated, and we have a major initiative in China to provide more capacity to service the fastest growing market that we have there. From a sort of an operating P&L point of view, we need to invest in our staff and our benefits and in IT initiatives to continue to support a more complex business. And we're confident, as we said, that we'll be able to do all of that, particularly P&L side, and continues to drive sufficient amount – significant amount of efficiency and pricing and mix, so we'll be able to improve our operating margins by about 100 basis points. So we feel really good – that's obviously been a long-term goal of us to be at 20% all-in, and we're optimistic that we will be able to get there.
James C. Foster: As we said during our third quarter call, and I said there was still some skepticism even though we said, that business is now linear, and we were quite confident we would deliver low-double digit organic growth rate, which we did, and we also guided to during that fourth quarter, which we did. So we weren't concerned at all by anything that happened in the third quarter. We also did call out the fact that the Early Discovery business had been performing less well than we had anticipated, but that we had taken great strides in restructuring the operations and the sales efforts there, and it's actually going really well. And the non-early development piece of discovery is going well also. From a client demand point of view, biotech continues to disproportionately drive our top-line in a significant fashion. We just have a plethora of new clients and expanding relationships with current clients and of course many of the biotech companies are getting drugs to market and have been well financed both from the capital markets and big pharma. We're also continuing to see pretty significant infrastructure reductions by a few of the large drug companies who still have significant amounts of infrastructure and, let's say, safety assessment. And we're beginning to get some really good traction from NGOs and academic institutions. So, it's hard to see which if any of those client bases would deliver us a negative surprise, which I think is where you phrased or I guess what could be an opportunity or a headwind. I think, it's more likely that we continue to see the sort of significant demand sort of driven by the new innovation for the biotech companies who become the discovery engines to big pharma. So, we're really organizing ourselves to have enough capacity, have the right people ready and trained, and be able to interface with these clients in a flexible, nimble fashion, which we have been able to do, and I think our ability to continue to respond that way should be able to ensure that we can meet that demand.
James C. Foster: Yeah. So, we continue to see China as the principal growth engine for RMS growth. It's growing disproportionately fast to other geographic locales with very good operating margins I might add. It's a very large market, which is sort of underserviced right now by everyone. We're building facilities, hiring staff as quickly as we can. We remain a sort of only and premier commercial provider in that locale, and we're quite confident that that will continue – we'll continue to see those growth rates. We saw pretty good growth in the U.S. and Europe as well, taking some share – significant sales of inbred models, which are used extensively in translational research. And we'll continue to get some price maybe a couple of percent net all-in for RMS across all geographic locales. We're also confident that the service piece is particularly the GEMS piece, the Genetically Engineered Models and Services piece, where those products are particularly important for discovery research, should continue to perform well. So, again, we're sort of guiding to our longer term targets of low- to mid-single digits. We certainly hope we can deliver mid, but we want to continue to put multiple quarters together to demonstrate that. But we feel good about the demand. We feel very good about the competitive posture. It's quite strong and we have always been able to get a bit of price as I said, there's also continued mix enrichments in the research model business as we get more high-value animal models.
James C. Foster: Probably the best monitoring metric for us is the fact that we are dealing literally with several thousand clients in that segment, and some international cadre of clients, albeit predominantly North American because that's where most of biotech is, but we feel that foreign clients as well. There are so many data points and so much consistency of demand across this client base. So we would see very early and we would see multiple indications from clients, so there were some level of concern on their part whether it's related to funding assuming that was their concern or some problem with pipelines or some kind of scientific logjam. And we – not only we're not hearing any of that, we're hearing sort of the antithesis of that, which is clients continuously asking us, do you have enough space? Do you have enough people? Can you accommodate my work? How long do I have to wait to start a study? How much are you sort of backed up? I'm really concerned about getting in the queue. So, we have a high degree of confidence that these companies are extremely well-financed, because there's a lot of money in their bank accounts and on the balance sheets and the capital markets. Big pharma will pick up the slack for sure, assuming there is any slack, and we don't think there's going to be any. By the way, 2016 was a great year of investment and innovation. And then, I guess, secondarily, our confidence stems from the enormous amount of scientific innovation that we're seeing. I have been with a client last night, he's a CEO of an oncology company that has a whole new way to attack cancers and has a drug filed and looks like there's a probability of success. So we're seeing all the immunos, particularly immuno-oncology coming to fruition and monoclonal antibodies coming to fruition and gene-editing and other technologies that are very promising. So, tied to comprehended scenario where either the capital markets or big pharma doesn't fund those technologies. It's hard to believe that any of these biotech companies will set up internal infrastructure. As the guy said to me last night, why would we ever do that? So they just won't, it's not our opinion, that's just a fact. So, as long as the companies are well financed and the science is robust, we think the work will continue to be available, and our job is to be able to accommodate it but also to do the work really well. And we're quite confident in our ability to do both of those.
James C. Foster: Yeah, so we feel good about our capacity. It's kind of just where we would want it. I would say that we are capacity and safety assessment is well utilized, meaning that we're very efficient and we're generating very good margins. By the same token, we have added and we'll continue to add relatively modest amounts of space at multiple sites, the largest amounts of space that we obviously have added is reopening Massachusetts. There are 80 rooms there, of which 40 we have opened. It gives us enough capacity to accommodate the demand that we anticipate. If the demand is actually higher than we anticipate, we could always put into service the other 80 rooms in Massachusetts. We would have to hire the staff obviously, but there's no meaningful capital drop or construction required. So, we like this sort of equilibrium point that we have with clients planning better, waiting a bit, I was hiring the people slightly ahead of where we need them and getting the space ready slightly ahead of where we need that as well, so we think we're very much in balance.
James C. Foster: So, the China facility is going to be paying off or generating revenue in 2018. So that's the answer to that one, take a while to build that.
James C. Foster: Shrewsbury facility is well underway. We have a significant staff there. We have a management team that's going to assemble predominantly from other Charles River sites. So, we have extremely experienced people. We have been doing a meaningful amount of work for clients, I would say, principally on the East Coast and predominantly in Cambridge, Massachusetts area, like non-GLP work, BM/PK work (53:01), some laboratory-based services and some work in our Biologics segment. We are hard at work in getting ourselves GLP-ready. We have several prominent clients, both large pharma and biotech who are working with us to help us ensure that we launch this GLP capability when we are absolutely ready. So, we're moving forward with the process as anticipated in some time this year. We will be GLP-ready when we believe that's the case where we sort of get the stamp of approval from our clients. So, proximity is obviously going to be very beneficial and powerful for local clients. We think the quality of the work will be great. And as I said earlier, we have a little bit of play in terms of capacity because 80 rooms were built out but we're only opening 40 rooms, but we could open the other 40 rooms relatively quickly as demand intensifies. That's pretty much a certainty that those 80 rooms will be opened. The question is when, and we're standing by to see what the demand is.
James C. Foster: Without getting too specific, we are looking seriously at multiple areas for acquisitions in the business segments where we have the highest growth rates. So, we are looking very much, say, in Discovery, perhaps in Safety, there are service aspects of the RMS business that are attractive as well, and there are some geographic opportunities for us. So, it's pretty broad gauge in terms of the type of businesses that we're looking at. We would prefer to buy businesses, the size of WIL or at least the size of Argenta and BioFocus. Business of that size are available, but they are – you are far between, most businesses are smaller. And I would say that valuations are full but fair. We are often competing with private equity firms and less often competing with strategic buyers, so we have greater synergy opportunities.
James C. Foster: I'd love to give you some background, Eric. So, I would say that it was a small piece that came with the deal, certainly was in the raison d'être of doing it, right. So, we bought that business for its large safety assessment capability, and there we were with the CDMO. As we said at the time that we did the transaction, it's a space that we have talked about for years and had some interest in because it obviously has a strategic fit. We wanted to test the waters by living it. I'm not sure it was the best test. It's a small but high quality asset, but a small one. We did do a – that was standing there relatively short timeframe, we did do an exhaustive study with a highly well-known consulting firm to study the marketplace. And we concluded that while it did fit, it was a very crowded field with 600 players, many of whom were multi-billion-dollar companies. And in order to stay and play, we would have to do some very large M&A. And even then, it looked as if there was very little pull-through for or from our other services. And I guess that second part is really what sort of iced it for us, that why would we make significant investment in a business that's related but quite different without having at the robust part of the portfolio. So, it actually became very clear to us that it was not something that we wanted to bulk up and there's lots of companies that would be happy with that asset. We did have a process. We have lots of bidders, and we are, as you said, very pleased with the price.
James C. Foster: So, you said that a little bit fast, but I think the answer is that, we're working to get this facility GLP-ready. We haven't said exactly when it will be ready, because it will be ready when we deem that we are prepared to do GLP work, so sometime later in the year. Pricing really depends on the nature of the GLP work. I mean, some of the non-GLP work has wonderful margins, different aspects of safety have different margin levels. So, what we're aiming for is to utilize our capacity well to service this gigantic market that we have primarily in Cambridge, Massachusetts. And we find with our clients that all things being equal, clients always prefer proximity, they always would prefer to spend time with the study directors and talk about the design of the studies and the endpoints and the conclusions. So, we're quite anxious to get this facility open for GLP purposes, but clients are constantly going through there, doing audits. Clients are familiar with the facility and the staff. They put non-GLP work in there, just to enhance that familiarity, and we're anxious and looking forward to being able to open it.
James C. Foster: So, well, clearly our tax advisors are very busy at the moment. We feel the changes that are taking place, and we sat down with our advisors and we've been through literally line-by-line each initiative by each initiative, some of them are more meaningful than others. But for instance, the corporate Fed income tax change and that the territorial taxes, which encourage more IP and R&D spending in the USA, there's the border adjustment tax that you're talking about, which I'll come back to in a second. There's also the one-time mandatory tax on foreign earnings. Those are the big full ticket items that impact on us. Net-net, when you look at them in the round, there was a meaningful benefit for us. At this stage, what I would say is, in terms of your specific question, the potential on the border adjustment tax, that got puts and takes in it when you get into the weeds and that's broadly somewhat neutral, we think, at this stage. It might swing slightly one way or the other. So, we haven't put it into our guidance, of course. I do know that I think Trump mentioned last week that he felt that things were way ahead of schedule, and that in the next two weeks to three weeks, there should be a meaningful announcement. So we might see that it's broadly meaningful benefit net-net, impacting partly in 2017.
James C. Foster: You should think of the top line demand for WIL being essentially the same as legacy business, servicing essentially the same markets, albeit primarily smaller clients, but very healthy growth rate there. The integration process has gone and continues to go extraordinarily well from all vantage points. We exceeded our expectations for the integration and for that asset. We hit 20% operating margins in the fourth quarter, which we had guided to accomplish by the end of 2017, and we're well ahead of our EPS target to that asset as well.
James C. Foster: We had a significant amount of work for a very large client having to do with a new facility that gave us a concentrated amount to work for that client. So, the client will continue to be a client, but the nature of that work is unlikely to continue at that level.
James C. Foster: We continue to believe that the fund-raising environment has been extremely robust. We don't think 2016 was a poor fund-raising year, it was a very good one. 2015 was unusually high, but 2016 was higher than 2013 and higher than 2014. The strength of the biotech industry, the individual companies, their technologies, quality of the therapies continues to be stronger and stronger all the time. So, we don't begin to worry at any point until we hear from our clients some concern about not having enough money to generate their pipelines or not being happy with their pipelines. And as I said earlier, we literally have sort of a universe of several thousand clients that we're not hearing any of that from any of them. So, we're not actually – the whole conversation that we endured for all of 2016 which started at the JPMorgan meeting about the sort of alleged slowdown, I think was totally overblown with actually no substance. It was slower than 2015, but so what. So, we do think that the client base is extremely well funded, and we should continue to see strong demand from them.
James C. Foster: Yes, good question. No, we like our portfolio a lot, some of this has to do with doing a better job accessing clients and telling the story about integrated services we can provide from multiple sites across multiple streams of service. We're doing that much better, and we are signing a meaningful number of contracts with meaningful companies. We have a bit of a gap in our revenue stream as two big projects rolled off from two very large companies, and we're actually just working to fill that. Yeah, I think the portfolio could continue to be broadened and larger both – with new therapeutic areas and beefing up ones that we are in. We are continuing to look carefully there, but we have a very high science In Vivo and In Vitro capability, and we do think that the enhanced sales effort, the sophistication of the people selling many of whom have PhDs and just having sufficient time to tell the story, because it's still a relatively new business for us, is beginning to bear fruit. We actually performed better in that business in the fourth quarter than we had anticipated. So, we remain optimistic about its stability and its eventual growth opportunity.
James C. Foster: I mean, it's going to take most of 2017. It's a meaningful size facility, which will allow us to support that marketplace.
David R. Smith: So, in terms of price, we've called out that collectively we think we will get 3% for the total business. I guess, the way to look at the pricing is, very similar cadence that saw in 2015 and 2016, so we called that out in the past. We're not expecting a significant shift in the way that the pricing pans out during the course of 2017. And in terms of your second question, in Microbial, we did see some customers take the opportunity to buy in December ahead of price increases. That's not necessarily unusual. It's sort of a quick pattern that we see in Microbial.
David R. Smith: So, in terms of the where did the Avian charge get placed, it's in manufacturing, because obviously it's to do with Avian. I'm not quite clear when you're talking about the operational investment and hence...
David R. Smith: Right. So, I understand where you're coming from. So, there are some – to be frank, there are some one-off charges that we're taking in corporate in Q4. So, the main bulk of the increase in corporate overheads is to do with the compensation, but there was some other charges.
David R. Smith: So, you've seen the margin improvement that we've called out. If you look at the full year, the 130 basis points increase in margin for the research – sorry, RMS. DSA is flat, when we take out the Quebec tax charge. And also, remember, we had WIL in that. And then, the Manufacturing segment is up by 120 basis points. So, you've seen margin accretion in all three of our segments, some of that of course, is to do with price, but some of that is to do with the efficiency initiatives. So, when we move into 2017, you should expect to see similar sort of guidance taking place in that, we got – we expect to get similar type of price in 2017 as we saw in 2016, you've heard about our efficiency initiatives, we will continue to drive those. And so, I think we've called out on a number of occasions, we push all of our units to get margin accretion year-on-year, and 2016 demonstrates we achieve that.
David R. Smith: Yeah, I mean, all that we can say is that the request for proposals continues to be quite strong across our entire client base.
David R. Smith: Our original foray into China was an acquisition of a pre-existing company. Even though it's a licensee of us, we bought the vast majority of it and bought a bit more recently. So that was a very efficient way to get a foothold in China with some name recognition put on together with the company that we bought, but that's a Beijing-based operational while we're selling beyond Beijing, and obviously the Shanghai market is substantial, and it's a long train and truck ride. So, there's really necessity for us to be close to the Shanghai market to take advantage of that. We feel this is a better way to do that to define an acquisition close back, we haven't seen any that we like. There are other parts of China, which is a very large country with small cities with 10 million people in them, so it is highly likely that this will be the first build from scratch of other facilities that we will build in the future. I suppose, we'll continue to look at M&A opportunities, but we know the universe of potential sellers, they are well-enough for me to say that's unlikely. We think we can keep up with the demand to that in a highest quality fashion. We would build their facilities and we could buy. And so, this is an important strategic move for us to service that.
