James Foster: Yes. Thanks, Dave. We've been able to demonstrate in large measure because of the inflection point that the virus has given, provided. Unfortunately, it exists but really magnifies the power of our portfolio and magnify the criticality of outsourcing for clients who maybe didn't fully appreciate it. And so at a time when clients had difficulty running their own operations, opening them, getting them moving, having facilities closed, not being able to depend on themselves. We remained open in providing the smooth services for them across -- pretty much across the whole portfolio. And so, I think people that were either skeptical or had some kind of historical preference to do things internally now we have been enjoying the benefits of not having the study slow down because they couldn't do their own work. Hopefully, we're doing it as quickly. And I think in a lot of cases, more quickly than them, our price points, I'm sure, are better. And in a lot of cases, our science is actually deeper. And so we think actually the more prolonged this goes on and the more sort of hesitancy and concern they have about their own infrastructure, the more pronounced, the strength of our capability is. So, we're definitely seeing it, as we called out in the prepared remarks, we're definitely seeing it in GEMS. We're definitely seeing it in Biologics. We're definitely seeing it in Safety and Discovery. So most of our service businesses, we're seeing it. And there's no reason to not believe, and that's just based upon client input that never one will retain a meaningful amount of the work that has been outsourced to us. On an ongoing basis, clients have historically preferred it or will we're getting some input from some of them. They're rethinking their strategy that they're discussing the cost of their infrastructure and that we're part of the conversation. I wouldn't I don't know this for a fact. I wouldn't want to mislead you to think we're going to have some huge announcement and some major pop, although we could have a client that hasn't outsourced much at all that could do that. I think that's less likely and more likely that it will continue to be gradual but persistent across clients that have historically used us for outsourcing and some that have used us less. And I guess the last thing I would say as we continue to enhance the portfolio, which we surely will through these complex strategic deals that we're doing and through M&A, that will make us even a more attractive resource for the clients to satisfy needs, which they thought for whatever reason that they could only satisfy internally.
James Foster: Yes. So, kind of a question did you are, John. We one doesn't know for sure, of course. And this virus is as predicted, right? Second wave already in the fall and the winter as it gets colder with increased infections and etc. So we think two things. The principal impact to our RMS business although other aspects were impacted. But the principal impact was academic major academic medical centers across the world, particularly the U.S. and Europe closing abruptly really two or three weeks. And so we know that, number one, their -- sorry that, that happened in retrospect that, that wasn't a thoughtful response on their part. Of course, they didn't understand this virus very well. And now that they do and now that they see the impact of that we're quite confident that the academic medical centers have made arrangements, both and they're very structured, how they work? How they PPE? How they stagger shifts? How they utilize, foods, etc. That they'll be able to withstand this apparent and already increase in the incidence of infection. So we don't think that we're going to have a major dislocation again that they'll all take a deep breath. We don't know -- what I'm about to say, we don't know, but I would be very surprised. Again, given the education that everybody has about the importance of mass and social distancing, and being careful who you hang out without sort of -- hang around without sort of work and staying home and you're sick, all of these things. I would be surprised if small biotech companies and large pharma companies shut portions of their sites for any meaningful period of time, if at all. So, I don't know if we stated. I mean I thought right now, and of course, we're in the midst of the second wave, the second wave, and the first wave and a new second wave for sure, you still think we're going to exit the year pretty much at a historical run rate for research models, both products and services. So, China will be strong in services. We'll be strong in the U.S. and Europe, which would be by COVID will not be. And we think it's highly unlikely that there will be a major sort of, I mean, unless there's a major shutdown across these sites, which we can't imagine what the rationale would be given the learning curve that we all have and all these institutions have had. So highly unlikely, John.
James Foster: Sure. So, the stocking up is a result of clients being sort of out of business and not working for some period of time and getting that to work and wanting to repopulate colonies and begin their internal work as quickly as possible. Number one, it's challenging to do and number one, that's not something that you continuously do. So, I don't think that's a continual process. I think that they stock up to get back to some steady state of operations that they were in prior to COVID. So we're happy to have it. We geared up for that, by the way, Eric. So, we purposely prepared for that because we anticipated that, that would be this kind of pent-up demand and it would have been frustrating for our clients. If we said, well, we reduced our animal colonies during the second quarter because business was slow, and we just simply can't provide those animals to you. So, it was as anticipated. The epidemic share gains -- it's quite interesting. So you have several things going on. You have academic medical centers that did some things internally that we obviously would say that unnecessary. So, they would do a lot of the scale-up of the genetically engineered Model Colonies themselves thoughts of mode the molecular biology and the actual production on their own. And we would say that's a parochial way to run your academic institution. And we do that every day, and we do that in a much larger scale than you, and we can do that at a lower price point, then we can deliver the animals to you on some sort of just-in-time basis whenever you need them. It could be weekly, it could be monthly, it could be daily. So we've demonstrated that. And now they're getting used to it in this thinking, wow. So we have a bunch of people in a bunch of space, breathing animals for our work because as we want to start things and studies immediately. And we've seen that we haven't done that. They also some of the academic institution had their own colonies of specialty strains that doctor X had developed some years ago, whatever, for whatever therapeutic area, Dr. X or Y was working on, and they just got used to, again being parochial and housing those colleagues themselves. That's also a silly use of this space and pretty risky because I don't think they have the biosecurity environment to breed animals and keep them pristine and if they have some sort of internal outbreak, they can really hurt themselves. So again, they had to they actually outsource those colonies to us and we have them. And on the GM side, they outsource the breeding work and molecular biology work to us and we have it. I can't tell you that nobody will bring it back in-house because there's a fair amount of parochial, but I can tell that we're getting just does the work is retaining the work. We're getting incremental work, and we're getting a lot of feedback from clients saying we're so appreciative that you're up and running. We didn't realize how seamless this would be for you to do the work at your site and provide the animals to us at our site, and we actually don't feel like we've given up control. And as we've probably discussed with you and everyone else on this line so many times, the principal thing that gets in the way of outsourcing for academic or pharma or biotech clients is perceived loss of control over whatever. Mostly time, this notion that stuff has to be down the hall or across the hall and I think we've demonstrated now for years now that that's kind of an mechanistic view of the world and isn't necessary and isn't a smart way to work. So, we're quite confident that our academic share -- opportunities, which we've been actually working for years is and will continue to accelerate because we've demonstrated this pretty unique value that we can provide them. And we would anticipate that share continues to grow.
James Foster: Yes. So, I don't think we said it in the prepared remarks this time, maybe we did. So, we want to be careful to say that we are really pleased and proud to be doing so much COVID work for so many clients. I think that some drugs and vaccines, hopefully, to get to market, we will probably have work on. So, we're proud of that. It's definitely some incremental revenue across multiple business streams, including safety, maybe particularly safety. So, pleased to have it. It's just not a meaningfully large number. So, we just want to be clear about that. And I think that's actually a pretty good thing that business is so strong across so many different therapeutic areas and therapeutic modalities. With a slight enhancement from COVID. And by the way, we try to get COVID clients priority when we do the work. The DSA stuff and particularly the discovery milestone work and particularly the milestone that actually paid out. Again, we try to be very flexible in listening and be open to the notion that a client wants to work with us on a milestone basis. I wouldn't say we like it or don't like it. We don't necessarily pursue those types of deals. If the client wants it, and we think it's a drug. We think the molecule there has promise because we have deep scientific capabilities, and we can usually analyze these things well then we're open to taking a smaller amount of money upfront and a larger amount of money going forward. For some clients, that's just a necessary way that they want to work. And if we don't work with them, they'll go to the competition. Sometimes, we let them do that, depending on who the client is and what the molecule is. But we are open to -- we have a small number of those deals. So, we don't overstate it. We're happy with them. Obviously, we help them out on pay out. Some will, some won't. This one did, and that's obviously a really positive thing. Will that client come back and want to do another deal with us with a milestone? Probably, but that worked out really well for both of us. It doesn't mean we'll do the milestone deal if we don't like for a particular structure. So I'm not sure it necessarily portends more of that work to come. But we are open to it, but I want to be clear that because I know that some people find the milestones, the concern with regard to our P&L and our business structure. And so I think that on the majority of our work is you pay us really well with our services upfront. We do the work and you pay us with a small number of them, it's sort of you pay us as we both go together, and is that both go together, a portion of it, it's most critical because we definitely endear ourselves to our clients who think of us as having some skin in the game and literally being a partner with them. And for those clients where that's important, we're likely to be more open to it.
James Foster: Yes. So very, very big site, Tycho. And so it will be a few years. I hope faster, but we have a few years before that fills up. I mean the business is growing very quickly. So, that's a good thing. There's a causal relationship between the growth rate of that business and available capacity. And while we had a good year in Biologics last year, it was not as because we were capacity constrained. In addition to that big Pennsylvania site, which is kind of the principal driver of growth. We did add incremental space at several other sites that we had in Europe, particularly Ireland and Germany, and we would continue to probably add space suddenly in those two sites kind of continuously and be very thoughtful and prepared to make sure that well in advance of when we think we will max out in Pennsylvania to add a substantial amount of incremental space because. So, we can stay ahead of it. It's a pretty good site from a biotech client support point of view. We have a big scientific infrastructure. So, sort of expanding around that would be a smarter thing to do than a totally new site elsewhere. We also have a small Biologics component in Massachusetts, which obviously is close to Cambridge based and Boston-based biotech companies. So, capacity is in very good shape right now and certainly will be for 2021.
James Foster: I think all I would say about '21 because it is premature for us. We usually do it during our February call, which is when we will do it again and give you greater clarity. I think what I would say now, just kind of directionally is we don't see any indications that the current demand curve pretty much across the entire portfolio will be any different. The funding has been extremely robust for the biotech industry as strong or stronger than ever. The numbers of IPOs has been dramatic, and the amount of M&A has been really good for that -- for those companies. A lot of pharma work, not just in COVID but outside of COVID, cell and gene therapy being a big driver of growth. This outsourcing thing that I was just talking about earlier with one of your colleagues, I think that that will hold us in good stead as we'll see more outsourced work. Obviously, we have a good comp with I hope, with the second quarter of RMS. So, I think that should be beneficial for us. Hopefully, we see the ability to install more units with microbial that -- which have been held up because of our inability to get into our clients. But the overall demand for our services across the portfolio should be consistent. So, that should give you a good sense of at least where we think the top line directionally is moving.
James Foster: So, we're really enthused about the strategic partnership strategy that we have. And we have nine deals across a whole host of cutting-edge technologies from artificial intelligence to next-generation sequencing and on and on. And they're wonderful relationships to actually do living due diligence on these companies, some of which we, for sure, will buy, and we will have really in-depth knowledge of how the businesses operate, responsive to clients, how robust the technology is. And we expect to buy some of them, we expect that they will give us a competitive advantage because most of these technologies are unique. And highly proprietary. So there's a lot of those. So we have nine signs. We probably have an equal number under conversation pretty far along. Some at LOI stage, some in early discussions. So we probably will have a universe kind of on a consistent ongoing basis of 20 or so of these all kinds, and some of them will fail, some of them will continue as joint marketing relationships, and some of them will be acquisitions. So, that's a really strong source. I would say that pipeline for straight up M&A is remains quite good. I would say most of the sellers or private equity firms, which means that all of the companies are to sale at some point, you have to try to get in sync from a timing point of view. I can't make a generalization of what our expectations are with regard to margins because it depends on the asset and the competition for that asset. But, we feel that we have refined methodology to value these businesses and we have got a strong balance sheet right now with reducing leverage. Our leverage has come down, I think, to the mid-2s. We have a bunch of conversations going on now, as we always do across several different products and services across different parts of our portfolio. I would say, even though you didn't specifically ask us that none of the things we're looking at are very large, I'd say, a couple of modest size and some are small. But they all would very much improve and enhance the quality and competitive strength of our portfolio. We have no artificial goals to buy a certain number of companies or add a certain amount of revenue, but we do have a very strong strategic goal to continue to broaden the portfolio. And we think that we don't just say we know that our portfolio, the breadth of it, in particular, has become our principal distinct competitive advantage, so we want to continue to enhance that advantage.
James Foster: I'd probably would be careful to use the Q3 number since it was an exceptionally strong quarter, but that's -- this is a market that's probably low double-digit growth, we have two parts of the business in the but I think both of these businesses have the capability to continue to grow at low double-digit rates. We don't sort of break them out. I think the market dynamics are really strong for both of them. I think COVID enhances it more for both of them. I think, cell and gene therapy enhances it even more than that. I think our ad capacity and biologics absolutely has meaningfully increased our prominence in that space. I think our expanded manufacturing capability, the M&A that we've done, the new pieces of equipment, software enhancements that we've added to our microbial business has made us a leader in bacterial contamination and detection. And so yes, I don't know whether you want to walk onto any particular quarterly run rate because, as we say almost every quarter, we don't have a linear business. We like you all to look at our business on an annual basis. I think our ability to call it on an annual basis has been quite accurate for the last few years. But we think that we have a strong market demand and the right infrastructure to continue to take advantage of market demand and to take share across both of those markets. So we would expect manufacturing, which obviously had an exhilaratingly high operating margin and very high-growth on the top line in the third quarter to continue to be a really strong business for us for a long time.
James Foster: I think you should expect Charles River to continue to utilize data in more impactful ways, both to operate our business more efficiently, to connect with clients more efficiently, to design better studies with hopefully better outcomes for our clients and to hopefully use all of that data to accelerate the work that we do for our clients. So yes, we have both products and service businesses that we're looking at. I don't think we have a preference for one, even though our business is we our lineage is product, and our current portfolio is principally services, it must be 75% or 80% services right now. But of course, HemaCare and Solero product businesses with extremely high-growth and good operating margins. So the Animal business, so is the microbial business, so is the Avian business. And so we're good at product. We're good at driving efficiency in manufacturing and delivery of those products, but also, we have, obviously, a larger and significant service component where I also think we've done a very good job in driving efficiency and better connectivity with our clients. So we're looking at both. We haven't sort of sought one out over the other. There are definitely some product businesses that would like to add and hopefully will. And the -- there's probably more opportunity on the service side, just to put a punctuation on it.
James Foster: Yes. So, it's a tough one to call. It's an extremely well-run business with really terrific demand. It's been the business has been as strong as we've seen it. We have these three product lines, all of which I think there's a meaningful demand for, as I said a moment ago, cell and gene therapy and COVID have definitely enhanced the demand. We sell these systems that have reagents or cartridges associated with them. So, let's get this razor blade capability or structure. And I think that aspect of it continues unabated for systems that are out there. And so, people continuously need to use these reagents as they do testing to see whether the drugs will be contaminated, what the social contamination is. So it's a steady business, highly profitable business with, I think, good growth metrics. We have a fair number of systems, mostly large systems that are very complicated, where we usually go in and do an install. People go in, our people go into the client, and the client has to work with us for some period of time to understand it, understand the software and understand how to qualify the system for their own regulatory folks. And so we have two issues now. One is that sites are closed and such is just closed or sites are closed to outside people. And so we as we've just reported in the third quarter, we had some of those sites that were closed open. And we were able to work out virtual installs with some clients for some of the less complex systems, particularly for clients that understood them. But you hit a little bit of a wall there. I do think that out of necessity, and my analogy would be that the FDA is auditing Charles River facilities and USDA is auditing the Charles River facilities and clients are auditing our facilities virtually, which is something they've never done before. And they probably don't like it. But that's the way we have to do business or R&D development grinds to a halt. So I do think that in the I'm not going to say likely or unlikely event. I don't know. Assuming the sites that we hope will open don't or COVID is so gets so red hot that they just don't allow outsiders in. And the clients really need our gear to make sure that what they manufactured is safe enough to be sold to the clinical trials or to the end use market. Then I'm confident that both we and them and concert will figure out a way increasingly to virtually do this. It will be -- it will feel less elegant and more awkward and probably take longer, but it's possible. So, we're working on that real-time to provide a simpler solution and I think as clients need it more, hopefully, we'll figure out a way. I don't want to give a prognosis on when I think will pass because it's impossible. And it's sort of the only remaining legacy, a manageable one I might add. But the only remaining legacy, kind of headwind legacy from COVID, which we're delighted with is that we're moving through well, but it still exists.
James Foster: Yes. So, I just want to emphasize the fact that it's a subtle relatively minor amount of revenue. I think it's more about the pride and the financial impact. Yes, these drugs and vaccines that get into the clinic we'll have to have been safety tested first. They don't have to do it with us, but lots of them are. So we're seeing the benefit of that. There's a pretty healthy number of drugs and vaccines in development, many of which aren't in the clinic yet. So without getting too specific, we still are enjoying some of the benefits of that, and we'll continue to. I think it's so minor and so subtle that as these drugs hopefully move through the clinic and get approval into the market. And I think it will be room for a certain number of them. I mean, assuming they're effective COVID therapeutics. I don't know how many one needs, right? Or effective vaccines. I don't know how many we need. So unless effective drugs or vaccines are elusive. And none of these things work, and they just keep making new ones and have new shots on goal, I think we sort of whatever minor positive impact we're getting -- we sort of moved beyond that. I don't think it will be discernible. I think our business is so big now that this is a pretty modest part of what we do and even in safety, which, of course, is our biggest business. So as we've said before, happy to have the work. It we're happy to do the work as long as it's available, we probably will move through that at some period of time now.
James Foster: So, an important part of research in a whole host of areas, particularly for large molecules and have -- it's a model that's been important for years. Supply sources are pretty much external. They're coming from places like China and Mauritius and Cambodia and Vietnam. And so we work really hard to have multiple supply sources from multiple geographies and multiple suppliers within those geographies and have close working relationships with them to ensure exceptional veterinary oversight and supply numbers that are consistent and preferably and hopefully always well in advance of when we need these animals because it's an important resource. And so, we have always worked really hard at ensuring that supply -- overall supply and the numbers have ticked up over the last few years, so more suppliers are necessary. And we feel really good about our supply situation about our road to have certainly a sufficient number of analysts for the balance of this year and well into next year. And it's a continual dialogue with the suppliers to try to match the supply with what we anticipate the need will be based upon what we hear from our clients. But I think we're doing very well resourcing in HPs.
