Flavia Pease: Good morning Eric, it’s Flavia. Thank you for your question. The range is – of the 200 to 400 basis points of the supply NHP impact remains consistent with what we provided earlier in the year.
Flavia Pease: Yes. And Sandy, I think we always talked about how our business is not linear and it’s not linear in totality and definitely not at a segment level either. And so to Jim’s point, RMS, we reaffirmed our full year guidance of high single digits. We talked a little bit about some timing events in RMS in the first quarter. That will normalize in the second quarter. DSA was very, very strong in the first quarter. As Jim pointed out, continued strength following the second half of 2022, I also commented that the growth will modulate throughout the year, both given the comp as the growth accelerated in 2022 you’d have a comp dynamic that will impact 2023. And we reaffirmed our guidance of low to mid-single digits for the year. And Manufacturing Solutions, as Jim pointed out, had a couple of headwinds in the first quarter with COVID vaccine volumes that are no longer existing as well as the CDMO milestones and we talked a little bit about a slower start in biologic solutions. So we expanded the guidance range a little bit to now include high single digit to low double digit for the year. The previous guidance was low double digits. So we just extended that range.
Flavia Pease: And if I can just add to Jim’s point, we made progress on scientifically identifying how the test can be done. It will take some time to operationalize, given, obviously, the supply logistics and everything. So it is as we continue to work with government authorities, it will take some time to get this off the ground.
Flavia Pease: Yes. So I think if you look at our book-to-bill on a trailing 12-month basis, which is how many clinical CRs look at their book-to-bill, we’re still above 1x, and that formally supports our DSA revenue growth outlook for 2023. We got a question earlier around the NHP supply impact, and I commented again on the 200 to 400 basis points, you kind of do the math, you would be able to back into what would the DSA growth be, had we not had that disruption, and it would support a high single-digit, low double-digit growth in 2023. So I think that answers your question.
Flavia Pease: Thanks, Dave. So a couple of things. Yes, the DSA margin was very robust in the first quarter. And a primary source of that continues to be underlying strong demand, specialty volume and also price outside of NHP. So we’re very pleased with that. The NHP impact on margin, specifically as you’re saying, at a macro level, as you pointed out, it’s a pass-through, so it should be neither accretive or dilutive to the percentage margin. The timing on when we start NHP studies can have an impact on the mix that they have – that they contribute towards to the margin. So depending on that and how we ended up the year and how many new NHP studies we’re starting on in each quarter can have a modest impact on the margin. But what I would focus all of you on is the strength of the margin in the first quarter in DSA is primarily behind volume and underlying price.
Flavia Pease: Yes. So I think we talked about the normalization of the demand trends to more pre-pandemic levels. We had printed out throughout all of last year that the backlog had an extended meaningfully in terms of the length of it with people working really ahead as we had never seen before. And that has definitely normalized. I think our clients are focusing on study starts that are sooner rather than a lot into the future. And as they do that, they also look at studies that were booked before and whether they’re ready to initiate them or not. So as we said, we see the demand normalization from extraordinary levels in 2022. And then just on the Manufacturing Solutions, I think we had commented and expected a lighter first quarter vis-à-vis the overall guidance for the year that originally was low double digit. We not only saw the first quarter impact of the tough comps with the CDMO milestones and the COVID volume in biologics, but we also talked about a slightly slower start of the year for testing. And there might be some comments around the industry on bioprocessing. So we widened our guidance range a little bit on manufacturing to accommodate for that.
Flavia Pease: So maybe I’ll just take the first question. We had provided a wider guidance range obviously this year given the NHP supply situation. And to your point, it included 200 basis points to 400 basis points of impact. As Jim commented, the second quarter is certainly a little bit better than we had planned given the collaboration with our clients to work and schedule flexibly. So we continue to include the 200 basis points to 400 basis points in our guidance range, given also what Jim talked about, which is, it continues to be a fluid situation. We’re working very hard to be at the lower end of that range, but it’s still early in the year. So I’ll leave it at that. Jim, do you want to…
Flavia Pease: Yes. So Elizabeth, we’ve been talking about cancellations and slippage throughout last year as we also continue to talk about the size of the backlog, which had expanded to significantly higher than historical levels. And we talked about the elongation of that backlog, which, as one might expect would drive additional cancellations or slippage. So first, cancellations and slippage of a normal part of the business as clients do not have the test articles ready or continue to negotiate design study with the appropriate regulatory agencies that normally happens in the business. As the backlog elongated in time, that certainly becomes more pronounced as it’s harder to predict things that much into the future. So, we had seen that elongate throughout 2022. I think we’re getting back to I would say, maybe more normalized pre-pandemic levels. And so I think those things will work well adjust together. The backlog is not going to be perhaps as well long and the cancellation and slippage will lower accordingly.
Flavia Pease: So let me comment first on the Manufacturing Solutions margin in the quarter. So as Jim talked about, we had some of those prior year headwinds with the milestones in CDMO and the biologics COVID volume that we no longer have. We also had a lighter start in Biologics Testing this year. And then I think we also talked about we had an asset impairment in that segment in Q1. So all those things contributed to a, I’d say, unusually low Manufacturing Solutions margin in Q1. I think for the overall margin for the company, we were about 20 basis points lower year-over-year. And we continue provided an update on the guidance for the full year of flat to lower versus 2022, given the continued fluidity of the NHP situation that we talked about earlier.
Flavia Pease: Yes. I think the only business really that we have a China presence is RMS with obviously our models business there, but also the services business. And so as you can imagine, because – and then we also have microbial, which is part of the Manufacturing Solutions business, be distributed and available in China. So our largest business – excuse me, lot of [ph] segment, which is DSA, has no presence in China. So as a result of that, China is a fairly modest portion of overall Charles River sales.
Jim Foster: Hi Eric, Certainly, it’s prudent for us not to bring NHPs at least from Cambodia into the U.S. And I would say that the U.S. government is – is fine with that strategy. So they’re certainly not supportive of us doing otherwise. So we’re going to cooperate and we’re going to run our business with multiple supply sources, doing a work in multiple sites and try to work hard to have new testing protocols that show parentage accepted and used universally, we would hope. We’re quite confident in our ability to do that. A little bit difficult for us to have much impact on the cadence of how quickly that goes and then what the receptivity will be. But we feel good about the science behind that. We actually feel good about all of our supply sources. And we do the best we can to accommodate for the situation as a result of that we should have slightly better performance in the second quarter than was embedded in our guidance. But it’s still fluid. And I was saying the fact that I think we have good program and plan to satisfy the needs and demands of our clients. There are things that continue to be on our control, which is why we have such a – while we continue to have a guidance range that we do and we’ll continue to give you as much information as we can and as things - if and as things change.
Jim Foster: So we don’t have any indication that the supplies are going to China. Of course, we did not get animals from all of the suppliers there, only one principal one. So we don’t categorically know, but I would doubt that China has lots of NHPs themselves, which is how this whole thing started. We’re doing the best we can to accommodate the demand by doing work in multiple geographies within CRL. We’re as confident as we can show parentage if we – as the discussion continues, and we have clarity and sort of cooperation with the various supply sources so I don’t think this is a situation of getting that supply back from some place that they’ll be gone forever. I think this is a transitory situation sort of an unusual one, frankly. I just want to reiterate for the record that we’re cooperating in an investigation, providing information. I think we’re cooperating really well. We’re not a target of investigation, and we don’t know whether our supplier is, but we can just tell you that we’ve been there, we think the place is well run, pursuant to the sort of CITES oversight that’s required for purpose-bred breeding. We also think that the veterinary oversight and nutritional oversight and transportation oversight and the farm that we utilize has done really well. So given our experience with farms all over the world, including farms that we had ourselves years ago and started on our own we think it’s a good supply. So again, just to go back to my answer to the first question, we’re being very responsive on a timely basis with the folks that are asking us for information but we have very little control over the pace and response and how we move forward. But I would be surprised and disappointed if Cambodia doesn’t continue to be a source of supply. And as you know, really well given your scientific background, not doing a sufficient amount of large molecule work and moving these drugs through the FDA, without using NHPs. So it’s not optional. And since this is the largest supply source, it’s something that needs to be rectified in as timely a basis as possible.
Jim Foster: We’ll both answer this. I would say we were not surprised. As we reported all of last year and probably the prior year, demand for safety assessment was unrelenting and growing and well in excess of a year, in some cases, 1.5 years. So strong demand, this NHP disruption really was not a factor. RMS has been growing really nicely for several years now. I don’t know whether anybody remembers, I hope you did, but if not, we’ve reminded you, we knew that manufacturing would be behind the prior year because of some milestone payments that we – substantial amount payments we had in the first quarter with our CDMO business and COVID work for biologics. So quarter track pretty much as we anticipated. We’re obviously pleased with that level of growth. The Safety Assessment business is a very large part of what we do. As you know, and so it has had a really meaningful impact on our results. I’ll let Flavia answer the rest of the year question.
Jim Foster: Sandy, it’s worth reminding you and everybody else listening what the cadence was last year. Flavia’s point, right? So we had a safety, we had a slow first half of the year and a really strong second half of the year, I think some of our shareholders didn’t think that, that was going to happen. We again, 26% growth rate, I think, in the third quarter. So we’re going to have these year-over-year comparisons less tough in the first half, tougher in the second half, some impact from the NHPs, but would have a cadence anyway. Linearity is impossible for us to design or even predict studies sort of start when they start and when they had. But as always, you want to listen to our guidance for full year, particularly in the safety business.
Jim Foster: No more NHP question. Just kidding. It’s really difficult to say what the rollout is. The science is not trivial, but relatively straightforward. It’s not all that complicated. We have several places that we could do it or people could do it for us or all of the above. And we’re quite confident from what we know that our supplier purpose reading these animals according to all of our expectations and we can demonstrate that. It’s just the communications is just – as I said a couple of times earlier, is a little bit slower than we would like. We understand that, and we’ll do the best we can. So we’ll give you clarity when we have it. I would say, we – so we’ve been very responsive in terms of coming up with the program, providing that to the various authorities, they’ve looked them over, and we just continue to go back and forth. And so as a parallel strategy, we’re using our international infrastructure and we’ll continue to always held us in good stead in all of our businesses, but in this case, particularly in safety that we do the work in so many geographic locales, that it really helps with the current situation when things are a little more complicated in the U.S. But we’re confident that we can prove it and demonstrate it scientifically without a shadow of a doubt, at some point, that will be kind of standard and as I said earlier, we’d really like to come up with something that works for the whole industry and maybe not necessarily just for CRL.
Jim Foster: So we’ll both comment on this. Proposals and bookings continue to be strong, less strong than last year, which was a very unusual year. Enjoyable but unusual. And you have a combination of factors. But I would say the principal factor is you have clients that at a certain level of waiting to start this study, it just becomes problematic for them to plan their business and to get drugs into the clinic and ultimately into the market. So we’re seeing a normalization kind of pre-COVID normalization of that level of demand, still healthy, still a lot of price, still everybody – not everybody but almost everybody comes to Charles River for the really complex work and our geographic footprint. So we think this is in the process of normalizing. We think the demand will – I’m not going to tell you about 2024, but the demand will remain strong this year. If you didn’t have the sort of private overhang, I think we would have a very strong year in the safety business, not to the level of last year. So we’re not concerned by that. We’ve got a very big denominator in this business. It’s a big business now. We’re having nice growth rate, taking share, getting good price. We don’t see any amelioration of that.
Jim Foster: It’s a good question, Dave. Our methodology hasn’t changed very much. We believe we deal with suppliers who are certainly producing purpose spread animals under strict veterinary oversight and complying with cities permitting procedures. And of course, as we talked about for the last two or three years, we have multiple sources of supply, in other words, multiple countries, in some cases, multiple providers in those countries. We own some firms. We own pieces of some firms. We have long-term supply agreements with, I would say, almost all of them. So – and we go and we audit them. We have a little disruption in that audit because of – those audits because of COVID but we go and audit them. So we are familiar with the situation. So just to use your parlance, I think we were more shocked with the indictments because that’s not the nature of the work that we’re doing and other people that we’re working with and that’s obviously concerning any sort of allegations like that. So we’ll continue to get closer to our suppliers. And I mean that in every way in terms of ownership, people on the ground, constant audits, the testing that we talked about 10 minutes ago with all of them. And dealing openly and appropriately and professionally with the various oversight bodies in a variety of countries, for competitive and security and a whole bunch of other reasons, we want to not be too granular on how we’re dealing the situation right now, except to underscore the fact that we have multiple sources of supply, and we’re using the entire Charles River portfolio, which is worldwide, and I know you’ve been to a lot of sites and the ones who haven’t been to, I think you know where they all are. And we think that’s always been a competitive advantage for us and being able to use those sites is really be beneficial. Then the last thing I would say, which we haven’t said yet, although I think it’s in the earlier materials is that we’ve had extensive conversations with the clients who have been terrific. And we said, okay, here’s a situation we don’t know exactly how many animals will be able to bring in. So you need to prioritize studies that you do in terms of what you need to start and when, and they’re doing that. And you also have to be flexible about where you do it. So as you know, some of our clients, less all the time and some of our clients like I only want to do the work wherever because I’ve always done to say I did a post stock with the guy or gal that runs the site. So they’ve been terrific. I’d say our client base has really been very collaborative, working hard with us being open to gain the work done. They just want the work to start in the most timely fashion. So I would say, we’re doing a very good job so far disrupting as few clients as possible. We had a strong Q1. We will have a better Q2 with regard to the NHPs than we originally thought the back half of the year will be more challenging because of the comps. And we – it’s a fluid situation. We hope it’s a positively fluid situation. So we’ll – when there’s something granular that we think is permanent and beneficial for you all to know, we will tell you, but it’s too changeable. And we don’t want to be providing very detailed information that may not be sustainable, but we’re very pleased with the way we’re handling it in the way our clients are accepting the current situation.
Jim Foster: So on the NHP competitive scenario, I’d say a couple of things. One is, there’s obviously a significant number of NHPs in China to be utilized by Chinese CROs to both support their current industry – I mean, their internal China industry and perhaps some U.S. and European companies. The scale of the industry there is still relatively small. Obviously that’s subject to change over a period of time. Some clients may – some Western clients may have gone there. It’s difficult for us to tell, but not too many. And I think there’s a reluctance for a whole bunch of obvious reasons to be taking your new drug – newly patented drugs and doing the work in China. But having said that, I think they’ll get the work done wherever they can. With regard to our domestic competitors, I’d remind you that number one, they’re smaller – way smaller. Number two, I think they have very limited supply sources. Number three, I think they’re also not bringing animals in from Cambodia. Number four, they may be using suppliers that we might not use. So, we’re constantly trying to take the high road in terms of quality, consistency and volume of supply and we think we’re in a very strong competitive position.
Jim Foster: So on the CDMO business has three parts. We have a cell therapy manufacturing business, which is our largest business in Memphis is doing quite well, certainly compared to the prior year. I was just down there, fabulous new facilities, new management team, new sales organization significant number of new clients, both large and small. We are producing our first commercial product, I can’t divulge it, but we are. And we have other clients that are moving in that direction. By that I mean, either filing with various government agencies in the U.S. and Europe and/or telling us to get ready for audits by either the FDA or the EMA. So moving in the commercial direction, we have new production suites, which are available. Some of those have been reserved by clients that are either commercial now or think they will be soon, because obviously they don’t want to have a product approved and not get this. So we’re pleased with the way it’s progressing. We also have a viral vector business in Rockville, Maryland that it also has been enhanced facilities and management team and sales organization, which is strengthening nicely. And we have a plasma DNA business in the UK, which again, has been somewhat transformed. We have centers of excellence in both of those sites now where they used to do multiple things. So CDMO business will have nice growth rate this year, notwithstanding the predetermined and expected difficult comps for Q1 that business will continue to strengthen through each quarter both on the top line and the bottom line from a comparative basis. The horseshoe crab thing, that’s the reagent that we use for our endotoxin test. I’ll remind you that that test is used for medical devices and injectable drugs required by law as a law release test. I’ll also remind you that that was our first major foray into in vitro systems. That’s actually considered in vitro system, even though uses the blood of horseshoe crabs. Those crabs are harvested in variety of places. We have a little bit of pressure in one of our locations in South Carolina that’s lawsuits related to that. I won’t get into all the details, but the punchline is we have some restrictions in fishing those waters, but we also have new locations to harvest crabs in other parts of the U.S., which should hold us in good stead. We’re also building the inventories nicely. And I guess the last thing I would say is that our technology as opposed to the conventional technology, which is 96% well place and we still sell lots of that. But our forward-looking technology is a more sophisticated device which uses 95% less crude. So, our need for crude, which is the blood from the horseshoe crabs is actually as we transfer the clients, the new technology is actually decreasing all the time. So we’re in good shape there.
Jim Foster: Well, we’re expecting that those businesses in the aggregate, again, with Memphis being by far of the largest piece will grow at 20% to 25%, which is what we had anticipated when we bought them. So that’s a great growth rate, obviously accretive to the growth rate of the manufacturing segments and at a certain scale, obviously somewhat accretive to the growth rate company as a whole. But as it grows, it will be increasingly more accretive. So lots of demand, limited competitive scenario, I mean, some clients are doing it themselves, but I’m talking about on a contract basis. We have good competitors, but not a lot of them. Lots of drugs in development that we’re working on the preclinical sector. And then obviously, lots of those moving into the clinical domain. Only a few have been approved still think it’s 13 to 14 totally. We’re now making one of those gene-modified cell therapy products. So, we’re very pleased and proud of that. Early days from a volume point of view, so it’s not transformational necessarily from that point of view. But I think reputationally, with regard to other potential current clients being comfortable with our capability and also the regulatory agencies having [indiscernible] and being pleased with what they saw holds us in good stead. So, we’re happy with our infrastructure, with the growing client base with our scientific capabilities with our ability to sell more effectively. It’s a pretty long sales cycle. So, we’re out and about well in advance it is a fair amount of price power in this business, because it’s complicated and expensive to set it up. And while you may have some very big companies set their own shop up small and medium-sized biotech is not going to be able to afford it. So like in safety, well, like in all of our businesses, we’ve got to need to be paid well for recurrent and future investment in this space. But we’re pleased with the way it’s gone. We learned a lot last year. We made a lot of fundamental changes in the physical plant and in the scientific and G&A staff and just getting the word out that this is something that we do as we go to more scientific meetings and present more paper. So we should hit the growth rates that we originally anticipated in our acquisition model.
Jim Foster: We have supply sources in China that have to stay in China. So, we sell the animals to clients in China. Usually, we can predict the timeframe. So this just slipped out a little bit. So nothing fundamentally changed. It’s a huge part of the business, but it’s meaningful certainly to our Chinese business and slightly less meaningful, but still meaningful to our RMS. Margins are good. Animal quality is good. And so yes, that will continue to be part of our situation over there. But nothing has fundamentally changed, just slid out a little bit.
Jim Foster: I mean, certainly, for this year, we feel good about RMS growing at high single the constituent parts of that business continue to strengthen. We’re actually gaining share in the U.S. and Europe, which we haven’t seen in a lot of time. We always get price in that business. Chinese business is growing nicely both in the small animal side and NHP business. Service businesses, which have great margins are growing very nicely. Obviously, we did an acquisition last year, which is Explora labs with all of these new CRADLs and very important geographies really great receptivity in a tough economy for these sites. And surprisingly, nicely surprisingly, clients are both very large and very small. And we felt they would be only smart clients. And the cell supply business, which was in the prepared remarks, but we haven’t talked about that much albeit a small business really had probably the only business in the portfolio really had a tough time as a result of COVID and had a very nice first quarter. So I’d say, without getting into 2024, obviously, that the outlook for that business continues to be stronger. [Indiscernible] extremely well utilized competition. Well, we always respect scanning whenever I’m about to say, I would say, is continues to be financially less strong and more fragile. And more silos. So I think it’s difficult for them to compete with us. So we’re feeling really good about that. On the DSA side with some moderation from an extremely strong 2022 and assuming vantage fee situation gets resolved permanently as we hope it does. And we think that’s going to be a DSA should be a strong business for us. Our current guidance given the vagaries is what is a low to mid-single digit, but the current long-term guidance out there is what low double, I think. So we’ll give updates on all of those growth rates sometime when we have our – sometimes when we have our investor conference. So things are a little bit fluid, as I said, on the NHP side, but we’ll give guidance, assuming that, that’s clarified or hopefully it will be clarified by the time we have our investor comments. But I think we have pretty much across the board, very good demand for what we do. I think we’re providing an extraordinarily valuable service and products with various out of a position and great connectivity across the various parts of our business that should only be enhanced given the current portfolio and hopefully, as we continue to add to with very small and perhaps the midsized deals.
Jim Foster: I think it’s still less than 5% of total revenue, probably 3% or 4%. I mean – I think last time we updated, it’s like 10% or 15% of revenue.
