Jim Foster: Yes, Derek, demand is definitely a combination of share gains. I would say that we’re taking shared consistently from competitors both large and small, based upon the quality of our science and capabilities and geographic footprint. Clearly there is de novo business that was never available before, the result of cutbacks and infrastructure and closure of infrastructure and shifts and therapeutic areas. It is a little bit tough to tease that out. I would imagine maybe there’s slightly more in de novo business and share gain, but they’re both contributing substantially, and as we said in our prepared remarks, so it price for sure. We have a mix component, given our mix of specialty versus gentox, which is both historically and now often a contributor to operating margins. Our space is approaching optimal utilization. We’ve opened a little bit of incremental space this year which is giving us the freedom to take on new work. We have a pretty interesting demand curve, demand curve, demand quotient, from local Boston and Cambridge biotech clients, who have been asking a lot about Shrewsbury, and since it’s close and competitively a wonderful place, really excited about the ability to open it. So as we said will open it in Q1. It will be non-GLP activity at the beginning. We will open only a portion of it. We are quite confident that the work that we put there will be profitable, and virtually no drag, or if it’s a small drag, on the particular business. Certainly, it won’t be noticeable. And based upon whether the conversation turns into real business, we will move to validate the equipment and be training employees to bring on new employees for GLP capabilities. Our goal obviously is to have that be a combined to GLP and non-GLP space if that makes sense. I will remind you that when we opened it originally, we had a lot of this is but it was a challenging situation. It was all GLP. I would say that we’ve written down some of the facility. We understand our costs better. We are essentially more efficient. So we are confident that the work that we will do next year which will probably be principally, if not entirely non-GLP, will not be a drag on the market.
Jim Foster: I would say that the original three-year deal kind of expanded as we were in it. We do need to do additional work for them. I would also say parenthetically that this is among our best scientific collaborations. I mean there’s almost no demarcation between Charles River and AZ when we work on activities together, so we’re their principal provider of GLP tox and DMPK services. Obviously, we’re talking to them about a broader portfolio now, and as they move facilities and as we have a greater dialogue, we’re hopeful that over time we will be able to expand our relationship with them. We’re thrilled that it’s five years as opposed to three. That’s a real commitment by both of us. It’s certainly a commitment from them that they really see us as their partner. If you aggregate the two deals, it’s almost a decade of commitment to us. Given the strength of that franchise, we would certainly hope that our business would grow with them. 
Jim Foster: No, you won’t see it. There are some costs that’s in our forecast, in our guidance. We anticipate some capital expenditures and some modest operating expenditures to hire some people and get the facility shipshape. Given the scale of the amount of space that we are opening, and the timeframe over which we’re opening, and how strong the safety assessment business is at the current time, you won’t see any impact.
Jim Foster: So look in a perfect world, particularly for the tox side, we’d like a few large clients to anchor it. That may or may not happen, Eric, but we will see. I don’t think we can actually drive it that way. But given the types of clients that are interested, it’s likely we will have a large pharma/big biotech clients in there. That’s not the way were opening it up though. We’re opening it with non-GLP. There are host of clients that we will be servicing in that in the facility for those purposes. We’re not going to give the exact amount. I would say that you should just take it as a relatively modest amount of the facility will be open. A manageable amount of the facility will be opened, subject to the caveat that if demand is extremely intense, which obviously would be delighted with, we can quite readily open additional portions of it as you may recall. There are corridors of space, and we can bring those on over time. The basic HVAC systems will be up and running, but we won’t have the GLP quality validation of the infrastructure until we’re clear that we’re going to have a significant number or meaningful number of GLP quality clients. So we’re doing it in a very measured way. We are excited about opening it, given the amount of business that’s nearby. The safety assessment business is so strong and growing so well and so profitable that we want to do it in a measured fashion, have the ability to have additional capacity, have our clients know that, but not bring on so much, so quickly that it adversely impacts our financial results.
Jim Foster: Yes. The trajectory of the business and our rationale for buying it is as strong as ever. It certainly has opened up much more interesting and meaningful and expanded client conversation with legacy Charles River clients. We’ve also had the opportunity to introduce the Argenta BioFocus capability to large Charles River clients and have gotten some work as a result of that. I would say that the timeframe to negotiate and execute larger integrated deals takes a while. Not necessarily longer than we thought, but it’s probably 12 months to 18 months. They’re complicated. They’re expensive, and they require sort of a lot of strategic input from the client. We’re having lots of conversations. We’re getting a lots of interest in traction. I’d say the core business is strong. We’ve moved into new facilities. The Argenta and BioFocus, which have been individual entities are working much more closely together. We brought them into the Charles River fold from a certainly marketing and selling point of view but from portfolio presentation point of view. We still feel very good about it.
Jim Foster: We’re committed to not having Shrewsbury be a drag. And AstraZeneca will be at least a financially beneficial going forward as it has been historically.
Jim Foster: Yes. If you’re talking specifically about safety assessment, which I think you are, we’re getting about 5% price which is compatible with what we saw in the first quarter. We’re getting some pure price. It’s hard to tease it out, maybe 1% or 2%, and we’re getting the benefits of change orders that we’re getting from clients which is quite usual for this business. Last of the four or five years there was less of that because studies were more stripped down. So studies are is more complex now. So clients will be in the midst of studies, and they will be excited about the compound, and they will want to drive that study faster and more expansively, and they will add on testing an additional endpoints. And we are – that’s part of the pricing increase paradigm. So it’s hard to predict where that’s going to go. We’re delighted that it’s around 5%. We didn’t plan for that in our operating plan. We didn’t think it would be that strong. And certainly at the beginning of the year, our guidance didn’t necessarily contemplate that, but we’re delighted to have it. As I said previously, we’re confident in our ability to open Shrewsbury for non-GLP that purposes without it dragging operating line.
Jim Foster: It doesn’t remind us of the cycle before at all. I think historical trends and actual results in this business are not necessary indicators of anything and not just positive and aren’t even helpful. What we have to think about where we are now. We have a totally different marketplace where biotech has come of age. They have drugs and profits and extraordinary pipelines and are principally providing at least half the compounds that are getting to market, many by big pharma. So that’s quite different. We have major infrastructure reductions by many of the pharma companies. That wasn’t the case. We have huge amounts of funding coming in to biotech clients, not just from the capital markets but directly from big pharma. And so we’re quite confident that biotech is here to stay, that biotech is if you think about the immunotherapies in particular, the really powerful ways not just to treat, but perhaps to cure diseases, including cancer. And so I’d say the market dynamics are much better. Our competitive position is stronger. We’re being actually very careful about the way we open Shrewsbury, probably just because of how painful it was before. Had we not had that history, I don’t know. Maybe we would be more aggressive with the way we’re opening it. But we’ve got a really strong backlog. Our space is essentially full. Our margins are way up. Demand is extraordinary, getting more price. I would say we have every indicator that we could. We continue to take market share. This is the only facility that’s within a stone’s throw of major biotech and pharma research, and it’s time to open. It’s just become increasingly clear to us. So we’re quite confidence with vision, and we can kind of open the balance of it as quickly or as slowly as the market indicates with demand. So that’s also works to our strength.
Jim Foster: I’ll believe that when we see it. Probably NIH has really been fully funded. Look I mean obviously, that would be modestly beneficial to us. We have a meaningful amount of work that’s academic related, so directly government or folks funded by the NIH, so that would be great. So I think we have a modest benefit of that. NCI obviously as a significant spender in cancer, but I would say that they’re substantially dwarfed by the pharma companies that are working on oncology. So happy to see it. Believe it when we see it. It’s probably a smaller impact for a Company like Charles River which is principally commercially oriented than some of the other tools, companies let say that sell principally to the academic institution.
Jim Foster: No, we really haven’t. We don’t expect to. I mean I get your question. It’s a good one. It’s a really nascent research market, little bit unsophisticated. Not a lot of money has gone into it on the research model side, relatively unsophisticated market in terms of understanding quality of animals used. I don’t know what the percentage is in China, but the percentage of the cost to producing the percentage, the animal cost is a percentage of the cost of making a drug is probably, I don’t know, a 10th of 1%. It used to be 1%. It’s probably way below that now. In China, it’s insignificant as well. So we’re working hard at bringing quality animals to China as we did in the U.S., Europe, and Japan. It’s kind of a critical resource in terms of drug development. I would be surprised if some of that economic headwinds that you’re pointing at or two, whether its stock market, or just general pull-backs on currency, or whatever will have any impact on the purchase – the way people are purchasing research models.
Jim Foster: So what we did, 20% for the quarter, which we were delighted by, it has been our corporate target. It is at quarter. We want to first deliver that for a year. We have ongoing efficiency initiatives across all of our businesses. We hope to get more price and a better mix, kind of directionally, our hope and our goal is to continue to drive margin improvements. I think it’s a really good question because we’re in the low 30%, and manufacturing support and over 20% in the DSA business, and already the high 20% in RMS. So we’ve – at least for the moment kind of achieved our targets. We’d like to do it for a sustained period of time, and then we’ll take a look at the reality of being able to increase those long-term goals.
Jim Foster: It’s kind of hard to tease it out. So yes, it’s probably closer to a couple of points of smart pricing. And then the rest are change orders.
Jim Foster: They’re not complete. And we began to roll them out early at some of our sites, and I think there is a meaningful opportunity to get the margin benefits of those across the world. And so we would be guardedly optimistic that we continue to drive margin improvement in the core research models business, which as you indicated, and has been way too manual for probably too longer time. And we’re excited about being able to sort of enhance our ability to monitor lots of things more quickly, and costs are the result of that.
