James C. Foster: We're talking to a lot more clients who are indicating that they have multiple IND programs to put in place this year. As we've said in our prepared remarks, the first quarter was pretty much as we had predicted and very much the way it has been in the prior years. It's a slower sorting-out process to determine what drugs will be worked on at all and what drugs will be worked on internally versus externally from a Big Pharma, where they'll go, if it's biotech. And as we've said, March was a much stronger month, particularly the global. So we anticipate a stronger second quarter sequentially. We would expect to see an improvement in mix between specialty and general tox, which we're beginning to get some evidence of in March. We would begin to see more of the early work moving into more of a balance between the early work and the late-stage work, as you posed the question. We would begin -- we would expect to see biotech continue to be strong, and we expect to see pharma continue to strengthen, given the sorting-out phenomenon that we saw. So we're optimistic about the strengthening balance between long and short at specialty and gen tox by going forward.
James C. Foster: Okay. So without giving the exact number, Eric, which you know, we can't and -- for competitive reasons. Our capacity is improving as we said earlier. We have begun to open new space. That's really a positive thing. We still have some sites that are full. That means 85% or greater capacity utilization. We have others approaching that. So we're in the midst of our strategic planning process. And obviously, our internal dialogue is a lot about what will our space needs be for the next 3 to 5 years. That's a complex scenario. So we have a very good sense of what we'll need and what we're running out of and what clients we're engaging with. We only have anecdotal information about what the competition is doing. But suffice it to say, everybody's space appears to be filling, even if they're not quite as full as we are. Pricing just will not materially improve because pricing stable with some periodic aggression based upon how full people are at the end of a particular quarter, a fair amount of that in the fourth quarter. But pricing will probably only moves in a material way if everybody's pretty full. And we are slowly opening space, and the clients are waiting in line. And there's more of a balance in terms of supply and demand. But we certainly can see it. We can see it on the horizon, and we are winning space, where we're absolutely not the lowest price, not even the second-lowest price provider in something that we bid on. And so there appears to be some rush to quality in science and an acknowledgment, even if it's not verbalized, that pricing is pretty good right now, and clients don't want to push any of the CROs that have to cut any corners. And so I think it's all progressing well in the right direction.
James C. Foster: Well, we look at that business as primarily -- while we have still some commercial space, we look at that principally in terms of our ability to supply ourselves. So it's really an increased emphasis in demand for the large animals from a biotech client, so working with large molecules. That probably will persist. So we're working hard to make sure we have physicians in an appropriate and timely supply. On the core rodent business, I guess I'd say a couple of things, but we're seeing an increased demand from CROs. So that's our competition in the CRO industry, and that would track with the fact that we're seeing increased demand for toxicology services, and business is growing. Immunocompromised mice sales are doing well. And all of that is overshadowed a little bit by the fact that because of the consolidation and interest cost [ph] reductions, the total unit numbers are down. But if you try to normalize that, we're getting some price. We have some unit increase in some of the other models. And we saw our North American business stabilize, which had been down in the prior quarter. So that's actually really good signal. So there's some strengthening of demand.
James C. Foster: Yes. We're seeing a bit continued decline -- stronger decline in Europe and Japan. It tends to lag the U.S. So our stabilization is domestic, it's a U.S. stabilization. It's a really good sign. It was declining last year. And we're getting some price and still the global number is down 3.5%. So that's the impact of lots of space having come off-line and continuing to come off-line over the last few years. Though, in the midst of that, we've been taking share in the mid-tier and some in the academic marketplace, and we have very, very big R&D facilities that no longer exist. So if that will continue to put pressure on the core business, if we continue to see major reductions today or if we don't or if it slows down in Europe and Japan, we're likely to see more of a global stabilization, and we might even see some upside benefit for the pricing, because we wouldn't have to offset unit decline.
James C. Foster: Oh, sure. We're -- we have a host of projects, many, many dozens of projects with team leaders in each one of them. We continue to have teams both in the U.S. and Europe at different levels in the organization look at new areas to pursue. We have multiple facilities that we're looking at to improve our efficiency. We're looking at automation. We're looking at procurement. We're looking at a host of technologies to employ. I'd say it's going at least as well if not better than we have anticipated. We're not quite ready to sort of pronounce what we see for 2015. But we certainly believe it will be a meaningful number. And it really feels good in terms of lots of things that we've been doing for a long time that we can just do more efficiently as that should help drive margin. So we're focused on that. We have a group that's working on that daily at the executive committee, which are the top 6 senior people in this company. We review current projects weekly. So we're shining a really bright light on this one. And given the challenge of getting pricing, particularly in the preclinical business, obviously, driving efficiency is essential to our goal of improving our operating margin. So it's going quite well.
James C. Foster: A really fair question there, Tycho. We have several sites where we have really great demand, and we have the ability to open relatively small amounts of space without impairing margin and keeping clients, who for whatever reason, prefer those sites, happy and not causing them to have go to other Charles River sites, which would be okay, but maybe not preferable. And certainly, we don't want them to elsewhere. So Edinburgh's has been pretty well utilized in certain species. We opened some space there last year. We've had some really great demand by global clients at that site over the last couple of years, and we think that will continue. I mean, that's our only European site. Ohio is a very, very efficient, low-cost facility with great expertise in general tox and certain specialty areas. And we had built -- you may remember this. We had built the building, but stopped 80% through. It's actually a very flexible, efficiently designed building. So we're kind of finishing that just kind of just in time, just -- yes, we do have our clients for the space at both of those sites. We had -- we didn't talk about it in this call, but we had finished, I don't remember, 30-or-so rooms in Reno that really weren't operational and really weren't caged, and we can kind of stage those and utilize them as we need them. So it's really more a swing space at sites with specific expertise as with the client base, not going to have margin impact, really isn't -- it doesn't sort of get in the way or have much to do with if and when and how we open Shrewsbury. It's certainly something we want to do, but that's a very big site. It's a different order of magnitude decision. And I think that we will have to sort of steadily, carefully and thoughtfully and judiciously, as we've said, open space, a small amount of space. We have multiple sites, as I've said a few minutes ago. We are in the midst of our strategic planning process. And obviously, one of the issues that we're grappling with is where to open space and when and that -- I have to tell you, that feels very good given the last 4, 5 years where we had way too much excess space, and we have a lot less of it right now, putting Shrewsbury aside, putting the Dallas space and Reno aside. The big locations that we have are moving towards the point they're being all well utilized. So we feel comfortable that we're doing this in a thoughtful way that's not going to impair our ability to get priced. It's going to be a competitive -- provide competitive strength for us and keep our clients happy.
James C. Foster: I've never seen an acquisition of us quite this synergistic from a revenue point of view. So I was just there last week. We spent a lot of time on the go-to-market aspects of this. We have a -- we immediately upon -- actually, before close, but we immediately got clients -- their clients to work with us and, more importantly, our clients to work with them because they wanted a broader offering. We have dozens of really high level meetings set up with a whole bunch of senior people in this organization, have larger strategic conversations to advance current strategic conversations and to expand current strategic deals. I'd say the feedback from clients has been exceptional, not unanticipated, but very, very positive. And it really feels like we are in a very strong competitive position. We're going to be driving those conversations really, really hard for the balance of this year.
James C. Foster: Certainly, I couldn't do that off the top of my head. It's a very large client list. It's big biotech, but mostly mid and small. I would say many of those companies are getting funding directly from Big Pharma. And obviously, some are getting money directly from the capital markets. And obviously, lots have got a lot of money over the last year from there. We have a bunch of VC deals, as you know. So we know those companies, while they're getting money directly from venture capital firms, who have had some stunning liquidation events, including a couple of ones that we work with. And they're out now raising funds again, and I think that there's going to be a significant amount of money for early-stage biotech, notwithstanding -- without any need for the capital markets. So I mean, I think the mid-tier marketplace is extremely well financed. If you are concerned that the window is going to close or is closing in biotech funding, as you know, there's extraordinary money raised in 2013 and in the first quarter of this year, so there's lots of cash to drive the growth and development in R&D for a long time forward. I think it's still clearly and increasingly the place where drug discoveries are best made or most quickly made in biotech. And so if there's any shortfall from capital markets, we suspect that the pharma companies will make that up.
James C. Foster: I mean, I think it's more the latter, so obviously, a tough question to answer because the infrastructure decline -- the infrastructure has step down for the past several years. So it's kind of difficult to find sea level here. Pricing puts us this sort of overall unit numbers for Research Models have been declining for 2 or 3 decades. So it's not new. There's a more judicious use of them, which is appropriate. There are better animal models, which is appropriate. They're more expensive, which is great for us. They're more translational in terms of the information they give, which is good for everyone. There are more compromised animals, and we all see animals being used. So I think it's more a shift in mix type of animal models with some overriding significant reductions in utilization because you have the big site close, while there are probably more to come. And there are obviously a finite number of those facilities. So at some point, that stops. And the companies who are left, along with their biotech and academic partners, I think will need to use more of these early specialized models, and I think we have a very good footprint in the Research Model business. And I think we are managing our capacity really well, and we're doing a very, very good job taking an old, extremely profitable business and looking at it with fresh eyes and driving multiple efficiency initiatives through that, which should be able to actually improve the margins. So it's a change in capacity that we have our arms around.
James C. Foster: Not really sure how to respond to that. I think we have extremely efficient operations, the deep -- the wide and deep clients. I think cost structures were actual clients, so from everywhere, so both Europe and U.S., a few from Asia, supporting clients everywhere. We have a limited number of competitors, and we have enormous synergies with the rest of our service offering. So I don't think where we're doing it or who we're supporting geographically is rather that relevant. We do think we have some opportunities through efficiency, scale, and the size of our strategic deals to drive margin. And I'm very, very pleased to be able to access market that's essentially internal with the opportunity because we have a portfolio that clients will be interested in to piece more of this work outside. And a lot of it could be done externally.
James C. Foster: So that's a business that notwithstanding the fact that it's growing really well, given the products that we're in the process of launching and the markets we're in the process of accessing, I think the last estimate we had was probably around $650 million. We give indications of the size of this business it's about 10% of our revenue. So we have a lot of runway left. We do think that the margins, while we don't disclose them, you all know they're attractive, sustainable. And our IP is pretty deep, and we're staying well ahead of the competition and moving -- especially moving into additional markets. So we would be very surprised and disappointed at this business if it doesn't have long-term, sustainable, low double-digit growth potential. And obviously, if it gets larger -- as it gets larger, it has bigger impact on the total.
James C. Foster: It's something that we're going to have to continue to look at, Derik, as we look at our M&A pipeline and think about the services that we'll bringing online. I would say it's not a primary topic of conversation with most of our clients, I think there are some other things that are more short term -- of greater short-term need to continue to expand and fill out our portfolio that we'll likely to look at first.
James C. Foster: Clearly, stem cells are getting increasing attention, and some of the methodologies to produce them are looking to be more efficient, cost effective, and they're going to, obviously, continue to play a larger role of discovery efforts. And let's just say it's an area that we're going to continue to get smart. And if appropriate, and appropriate means we could find a strategic way to do this, we'd be interested in moving more into that area. But I would say it's early days for us, and we're more in the educational mode and really determining which technologies are practical and can be used in a promotional setting or not. But we're certainly interested in that space.
James C. Foster: Both, but there's definitely -- we're definitely seeing some longer-term studies. We definitely see more specialty work. We're seeing more, and we see more IND-enabling packages. It's exactly what we've said we're seeing, the result of sorting out, making decision in March and kind of placing the bets on what molecules they want to work on this year. So we're pleased to be -- we're pleased to see it where we had anticipated seeing it. It's increasingly the way the big drug companies have been working vis-à-vis their external CRO partners. And we should see a pretty good mix and balance of work going forward, both as the second quarter continues and the balance of the year continues.
James C. Foster: It's always tough to say because so many of our competitors are private out there, and the information is anecdotal. But I would say that, as I commented earlier, pricing's basically stabilized with a little bit of aggression fourth quarter. I think there's more work out there for everybody, though I would suspect that everybody's space is filling more rapidly than perhaps it did. I think everyone's space was filling in '13 and that's continuing in '14. Certainly, well above 2012, so I think that's a positive thing. And I think there's an increasing amount of work out there and increasing reliance by the big clients on external resources as they decidedly and aggressively close internal space. So as we've said before, I think the only thing we don't love about the tox business is the level of price. And this, too, will change. And in the meantime, while pricing's still a little bit of a challenge, we're going to continue to work on driving efficiency. And when there is an opportunity for positive mix, given the nature of our portfolio, we tend to get it. So we feel good about the trajectory in that business.
James C. Foster: No. There are a very small number of people left in this industry, if you can call it that. There's basically half a dozen other players up now Japan, 1 or 2 in Europe and a couple in the U.S, one of which was a not for profit. I would imagine everybody is shrinking infrastructure. We know that everybody is pushing prices as much as they can. We're largest -- we're larger, and we've historically been the supplier to Big Pharma. So we see things more clearly than perhaps they do. But I don't think -- and we have one of our large competitors, the private equity owner that's apparently for sale, but we don't know that for a fact. But I don't think it's foreseeable at all that anybody's going to go out of business.
Thomas F. Ackerman: And Greg, we are optimistic about our margin. To your more specific question about IND-enabling studies and our forecast, et cetera, we do factor that into our forecast, but more to the extent of what we have in our backlog and with a little bit less emphasis on what might occur a little bit later, given directional indication. So it's somewhat taken into consideration, but not exclusively based on what our clients might be saying, "for the latter part of year," for instance.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Not in particular. I mean, as we've talked about this in the past, we would expect, on a normal basis, a drop-through of anywhere from 20% to 30% or more. I mean, before the dynamics changed in the last few years, we used to talk about a higher flow-through than that. But as you know, the prices have come down and things like that, so I think it sort of compressed that. Mix is always an issue, both in terms of study type, as well as client mix. So in some regards, it's always a little bit unpredictable if we do more work with a given client or more work in a specific area or site. Directionally speaking, I do think the trends are positive. We did get out of the gate a little bit slower in the first couple of months, as Jim mentioned earlier, with a strong uptick in March both internally in revenue in business, as well as in booking, indicating a stronger second quarter. So I do think we'll see the margin come up as we move through the year. And some of those particular items were always a little bit difficult to predict, as I had said. But there's really no underlying -- there's really nothing underlying it dramatically that I would say that on a downside, it sort of grows into the equation, so to speak.
Thomas F. Ackerman: We don't feel any different about our guidance for the rest of the year than we felt when we gave it. We increased the guidance $0.10 because of Argenta and BioFocus, which is what we have said earlier. And we essentially raised it $0.05 for what was a $0.08 gain on the limited partnership. We really did that for simplification purposes. I mean, we've rounded it up $0.05. Those partnerships can be volatile. So in the second or third quarter, we could always be $0.01 or $0.02 on the downside from those, which has happened before, and we wouldn't want to lower guidance for that. But going to our core base businesses, we don't have any different view on the outlook for the rest of the year as we did when we gave our guidance. And I would attribute the delta and the MPM really to just rounding and the vagaries of what could be additional volatility going forward.
Thomas F. Ackerman: It really goes back, Tim, to really what I said. I mean, I think we have seen drop-through in a given quarter a little bit higher than that, and I think we've seen as other comps that drop-through be a little bit less. It depends on what sites clients are using. Not all our sites are at optimal capacity. It depends on the study mix. And it depends on the client. So I do think we've seen, in particular instances, nice flow-through. In other instance, that's -- I would say that in a more competitive situations, the flow-through isn't as great, as Jim had said. Also, we are looking to continue to grow the business and gain market share around some of the situations are a little bit more competitive than others.
Thomas F. Ackerman: No. No, we're not. I know we'd probably have to corroborate around some of the numbers. And then originally, we talked about margin being approximately the same to up slightly and what we said now, of course, with Argenta and BioFocus, which does have a lower margin than Charles River corporate. It takes a little bit off on the margin. But our underlying guidance, as I said to, I think, Tim's question a couple of moments ago, I mean, our underlying guidance is about the same. We do have a $0.10 range. There are always some things that move around there a little bit. Tax rate is benefiting a little bit from a couple of things, including the tax break from our Argenta, which was included in our $0.10 guidance with regard to that. So without going through with line by line, I mean, the easiest answer I'd give you is that we haven't changed our assumptions for base Charles River business before or after Argenta or before or after MPM or anything else like that. I noticed some of you guys with the different modeling, you end up at different spots in the range. I mean, that tends to happen. We tend to look at not what everybody's doing, but what some of you guys are doing, and we kind of see how different people get different ends of the range depending on your underlying assumptions. So -- but there's nothing in the base business, for instance, that we feel different about than we did when we gave our original guidance.
