James Foster: So, I would remind you that this is not a linear business and we have variability from quarter-to-quarter and I think that will always persist. We tend to look at it on an annual basis and it depends when the study start and the mix between specialty and general talks and so we were very pleased with the, very, very pleased with the margin, obviously very pleased with the significant increase in the fourth quarter both sequentially and year-over-year. Visibility continues to get better and we indicated that backlog is better. We get a weekly report on capacity utilization which takes us out four, five months. So we have a pretty good view and we actually see changes week-to-week, we have a pretty good view of customers' demand serve on a facility-by-facility basis and total infrastructure real-time, all the time and kind of rolling a little more than a quarter at a time. We’re selling up rapidly and nicely and there is no question that there is greater demand for the services both relative to the competitive scenario relative to more drugs from the pipeline, more money in the biotech and more outsourcing by big pharma. So, and actually kind of guide into next year pretty much views that out. But I would try to be less impacted by a quarterly variability, which will probably still have and take a look at it most from a year-over-year events [ph].
James Foster: Okay. So, let’s be very clear. We have significant interest from local Cambridge and Boston biotech clients about when you guys can open Shrewsbury, huge bolus of business we have the closest CRO to that. So we're taking that very seriously, obviously that’s happening at a time when our spaces filling rapidly and we have said previously and again today, if we do nothing which we won’t, but if we do nothing our space will be full by the end of the year. So, we’re going to add small tranches of space throughout the year at multiple sites, to accommodate demand with no impact on operating margin that we hope that continues to increase, we expected to increase. We have a multi-faceted and capability team looking at Shrewsbury. And as we said, it will take a while to get it open at least a year. We’re quite, I shouldn’t say quite -- our initial indications are that when we open it, we will open a small portion of it for non-GLP services only. So that does two things that require trivial capital investment that it gets the facility open without this huge infrastructure needs and once it’s open obviously it’s more real to our client to sort of serial conversation we had with them about we opened that someday becomes [indiscernible] open. And then we will assess the demand for GLP-tox services, which we believe we’ll be there and be intense but we won’t make and move that will be a second step move, we won't make that move until the demand is straight. I mean our goal would be to open that non-GLP services assuming the [indiscernible] changes in the year or slightly more and it probably will take a couple of years after that to hire staff put back some of the equipment that we borrowed from that site to do other things, validate the equipment get the staff trained. So we're a while away from GLP-tox which I think is fine that's likely to help enhance the demand.
James Foster: Number that we have broken out so I think we want to stay away from that it hard to tease but if you tease out the NCI stuff and we have some price in there, we have some shared gains there from academic as we indicated the cost we definitely have some inbred increase in multiple inbred models and immuno compromised models. We would expect that track to continue in 2015 so we continue to be pretty optimistic about that business we produced infrastructure with driving efficiency because of that and generally to make it less and less manual business it's going to get 2% to 3% of price again so you should consider that business is modestly increasing with improvement in operating margin.
James Foster: We continue to test price consistently daily. We are getting some price it's hard to tell whether it's on a spot price basis any more significant to last year. I would say it's at least the same. We obviously have lots of large clients with lots of large strategic deals many of which lock in the price provide enterprise agreements and benefit for volume. So we obviously don't see price increases there except we do see and can see the benefit of mix with specialty works. I would say the pricing environment deals slightly better kind of guardedly optimistic. It's still a factor about but there is no question that you can feel everybody feeling you can feel all of our -- feeling and I think there is a sense of clients that they want to slot their studies in as quickly as possible and they're willing to make some accommodation of price to do that. We continue not to be the lowest price point most of the time occasionally but not most of the time so client clearly willing to pay for service and science and financial solidity and reputation. So again it's been such a long process it's -- I don't want to predict too much about pricing given that we're still in early February and also the first quarter is kind of an awkward quarter to figure out what demand portion is going to be given that clients still sorting out what studies to do without do internally or what molecules such -- I think we have a much better of sense at the end of the quarter and for sure a very strong sense in second quarters but we continue to fill our space and accomplish as well.
James Foster: So we're having a lot of those conversations as we indicated in our remarks. We've reached out to the heads of R&D of all the drug companies of big pharma and biotech when we did Argenta and BioFocus and we have been meeting with all of them that I just met with one two nights ago. And I would say it's the converse -- so yeah we're having a lot of strategic conversations going on now expand current deals and sign new one. I would say the conversation typically starts either with an interest on their part to outsource safety assessment or tox or some kinds of an interest in deterring more about discovery and winds out towards more of that. Typically we end up talking about both of those things and then if their client already does the fair amount with us or it's considering it in most cases particularly with Big Pharma we end up with an enterprise deals that cuts across virtually all that we do client that I just met with that's something across all of our products lines with us. I think that's going to be more usual, they like many of our clients wants smaller number of partners, they want a better value proposition, they want to be important to us, so great turnaround time. So we think these will continue we're continuing to meet with as I said new potential partners and since we don't have any competitor of this portfolio even resemble to ours, we're in a very strong competitive position. And you can sense when clients are going to be open to a conversation about more aggressive outsourcing and variably they kind of come to that conclusion and determination that they're more interested in that discussing with us. So conversations are going really well.
James Foster: So ChanTest and BioFocus and Argenta really open up a whole new world for us in terms of dialogue with clients and being more important to them and as we indicated in our remarks Argenta and BioFocus have discovered 60 compounds over the last 15 years which is a pretty extraordinary results so solving complex problem. And that’s really resonating with our clients so ChanTest did really well with Argenta and BioFocus looking at the IN channels we already did some IN channel work with Argenta and BioFocus so this clearly makes us the world leader and it’s a target class that lots of clients are looking at and that’s a very important safety aspect. So we feel really good about the strategy, the growth rate, the importance of client, increasingly improve the operating margin and the doors that it is opening.  We have a very robust pipeline of M&A targets not all but most of them I would say are in the discovery space plus multiple therapeutic areas, some in vivo, some in vitro, multiple geographies, no giant companies but a couple of meaningful scale most of it modest smaller and so we’re engaged in multiple conversations right now whether we get traction or not whether we are successful in both due diligence and achieving the right price points we don’t know what the competitive scenario will be for all of these deals but it is a clear it is the principle strategic focus and preferred use of capital to do strategic high growth accretive deals where as I said we’re in the midst of the conversations right now we would be I guess I’ll just say we would be disappointed if we’re not able to do some meaningful R&D in 2015 although it's an impossible thing to predict so, it's high on -- we are very much focused on and there is no question in discovery in particular having a lot of these client conversations that the scale and diversity in-depth portfolio is really critical and some of this work out and the clients are getting them or comfortable with it and so as we continue to expand this portfolio we're quite confident that the work will follow.
James Foster: Yeah, I mean it's already providing opportunity and in some instances we don’t even have to approach clients, they're approaching us. I think movement of competitors to new ownership structures can be concerning to some clients. I do think it's going to continue to provide opportunities and our perception and prediction is that we will see other competitors have probably come to market in the next 12 months this seems to be the cycle that we're in right now I think given our stable and expanding portfolio of that bodes well for us to engage with additional clients into this year.
James Foster: Sure. We are seeing as a group A, B and C as we call them Argenta, BioFocus, and ChanTest, are going to continue to delivery at least low-double-digit organic growth for us going forward it's better obviously but we are comfortable with that. We had higher revenues for the second year in a row to mid-tier in the biotech so obviously it's a very strong sector for us grew 13% for the year flushed with cash, it's going to continue to be the path to our door for sure but also we have engaged very well with the big drug coming so we would expect both of those clients segments to be strong drivers of growth in Discovery going forward and we think it will help accelerate our top-line for the company as a whole.
James Foster: We do it's just base by an input that we have from conversations that others have had with those companies given their ownership structure and given the fact that consolidation peers to be predictable in our business so we've had our largest competitor in the research model business trade last year our largest competitor in the preclinical business trading at the moment. There are additional players in the preclinical space that maybe implied and in some of our other businesses and so like many industries or many service providing businesses, there is strength of scale, there is an expectations from clients to build scale and businesses that are key or VC owned by definition inevitably for sale so I think we're commenting as much on the current ownership structure.
James Foster: If I understand that question. As we said earlier our space is selling we have Shrewsbury which we're studying when we could open that. We have a space in Reno that we want to sell and we have a space both in Shrewsbury and Reno that we never built out that just shelf space. And we have the small pockets of space in our other in the few other facilities that need to be full. So absolutely our intention is full eventually fully build out and fully utilize all of our facilities. We also built a modular type facility in Canada that can be added onto easily and at a reasonable price point. So yeah we like our infrastructure but we certainly want to keep utilizing at fully to meet client needs.
James Foster: Yeah I mean it's a manifestation of the fact that except for very few very large companies. Most of mid-tier even the kind of second tier companies so those will be public companies with $3 billion to $5 billion market cap drug in the market and sales and earnings. They do very little of the work internally they do really, really early discovery work internally for sure. But most of the developments of externalized. I can't see any reason that's going to change we're working with also a large number of virtual companies and first, second, third tier companies that have an idea or one drug or limited IP and it's all about getting the proof of concept.  So given the bolus of money that have always for the last four or five years come into biotech pharma and given the enormous search of capital is gone in there for the capital market. We would expect to see mid-tier continue with the very growth rate at a very healthy cliff and that they would continue to be aggressive and savvy utilizes about both services.
James Foster: So we've always have been a supplier to the academic marketplace by research model business. And I would say over the last half -- years we have grown our share in the academic sector which is now mid-20s you see mid-teens. We've done that by having more rational price points for them. Increasingly academic research centers are becoming drug discovery engine so they have their own molecules they outsource that work. We've been engaging with them more closely to make sure they're aware of our discovery and safety assessment portfolio and to try to do larger deals with them.  We are working hard to map those big academic institutions the way we originally map big pharma to have multiple relationships talking about personal relationships with the leadership of the business and research leadership at those institution they have a lot of money they do very good research and we are optimistic that overtime we will engage with them more robustly they are more complex organization to work is because of the very nature, funding sources and historically they haven’t been very aggressive users of the social services but that should continue. So we are spending a lot more time organizing ourselves in a way we can take greater advantage in the academic marketplace.
James Foster: So we have a very large international capability we have been in this business for 20 years, we are certainly one of the leaders if not the leader at least half the drugs being discovered right now are large molecules so it’s really important business to be in and we support all of these clients in other ways regarding this sort of testing for them before the drug is going to the clinic or get into the market seems like it has always been like a very logical critical service for us to provide.  So yeah we think that our science is that – many of our competitors and better than some we think this is a service this is a technical capability that many clients don’t have and definitely do not want to spend the money to bring in house and given the great infusion of cash the biotech with this business ought to have the wind that is back going forward we’re really pleased with the improvement in profitability and top-line growth that we saw in 2014 and are optimistic we’ll continue to be able to grow it.
James Foster: So you have two factors going on right now, you have a continued reduction in demand from Europe and Japan very severe in 2014 and will be less severe but still a drag in 2015, Europe in particular is a pretty good size business. So the aggregate impact of those I would say is the biggest issue in driving down whereas we get some uptick in North America and we have huge uptick in China but that’s very small, still small business for us.  The apparent disconnect is not that much of a disconnect I think the drug companies while more drugs were approved last year than many years before while pipelines are better there is still paired down of what they were historically and clients are very aggressive in making these go or no go decision which of course is a service that basically we are in and killing compounds earlier so while we kind of do business across all of our services products helping them make that determination the ultimate portfolios are smaller.  Having said that outright res to [indiscernible] animal model has -- is no longer declining at periodically after certainly stable we’re obviously using a lot of those animals ourselves we are also selling a lot to our competitors so we’re getting a little bit of their business as well. And so we’re actually pleased with the directional trajectory of the animal business and while we didn't say because it's not 2015, there is a point to which the reduction and the infrastructure in Europe and Japan like it has been say it will slowdown and level off and we'll at least have stability in those markets or perhaps increase if nowhere else in pricing.  So and we've always said that directionally this is not 15 this is beyond but directionally RMS that includes the service businesses will probably grow low to mid-single-digits with operating margins being sustainable. 
James Foster: Right. That's exactly right and they are all -- Europe and Japan are always slower than the US. Europe will come back a little bit faster and Japan probably right after that and we've seen that in other aspects of our business where we slowdown domestically there is a kind of a follow on effect with our rest of world businesses. We're pretty confident that things will slowdown level off here as well. 
James Foster: No M&A in the plan. It's hard to tell what will help as trigger it will be overall demand from the clients totally marketplace is totally different than it was in 2007. Biotechs on fire right now drugs are being approved. Huge amounts of money coming in there and we're the closest CRO so we'll be very cautious about it but we will have significant demand from multiple clients that we're confident we'll be there rationale price points be able to allow us to open that site. 
Eric Coldwell: Thank you very much. I actually have the same question as Dave -- it wasn’t really clear but I think that helps. My other topic was North American research models growth excluding the NCI impact and perhaps also excluding pricing could you give us a sense of what your norm growth rate was in the fourth quarter and I guess what I am really trying to get to a sense on actual volumes of activity as opposed to the revenue impact so kind of an organic volumes.
Eric Coldwell: Okay, helpful and then just a very technical question on FX granted, the rates are being moving so quickly and so broadly that you know it is fair to say that consensus were fully updated but understandable. In October you talked about a 2% revenue headwind $0.05 of earnings, in January you said 4% of revenue headwind you did not give us an update on the earnings impact but then today 5% with $0.12 so the ratio of revenue impact to earnings impact has remain constant. I am just curious why you didn’t give us the earnings impact in January number one and number two if you can tell us specifically and I may have missed this specifically what day you are basing rates on so we'll know how to think about this given the vast volatility in the rates that we are seeing today.
Eric Coldwell: Tom that's a very fair answer. I guess I was kind of thinking perhaps moving the Canadian dollar given your currency mismatch there might have had frankly a more favorable impact and could have offset some of the ratio on revenue to earnings but obviously in total scheme of things that wasn’t the case but helpful answers and I'll let others jump in. Thanks so much.
Thomas Ackerman: Yeah, the 5% as indicated today, last night and today essentially Eric really is a current rate where we have done our plan we have actually it's almost crazy that we have monitored almost daily to make sure that when we put out our guidance that we could still say 5% it wasn’t 4.2 or 5.8 and we have to move that so we have monitor that very closely. Each of the rates are slightly different but when we calculate the delta versus last year, all the rates have moved slightly we are still pretty much at the 5% so it's really to cognate. Going back to the January comment I think our view on the EPS number was we kind of sort of put that out there. We felt it was a little easier to give you guys an update on the revenue and given we were in quiet period, I didn’t really want to talk about EPS too much, we did debate that a little bit and I think we just were a little bit more cautious on that and since it really hadn't moved in any kind of meaningful way really just didn't want to get into that at that point in time.
Thomas Ackerman: Yes, the answer is what we’ve written off previously is written off and wouldn’t be so we capitalize so to speak so the D&A going forward one of the positive aspects of that is that the D&A going forward would be based on today’s capitalized value which would be lower than it has been historically, certainly much lower than it was when we originally capitalized it.
Thomas Ackerman: A little bit of what we talked about such as continued reinvestment in the business so in EMD for instance we obviously have good products coming out, it takes an R&D budget we’re increasing our focus on R&D and whatnot and what we said is we think it will stand below 30 so not really a lot different where it is for the full year, our AVN margin and business continues to be strong, albeit a lower than the EMD and the same for biologics so I think it’s obviously a very good margin so we’ll continue to have good margins above 30% but we do want to continue invest in the business and grow it out withstanding our global footprint in EMD as an example with locations and financially to drive the top line and really those are the primary reasons.
