Jim Foster: Yes. We feel really good about our guidance. We have really strong backlog in safety assessment at escalating prices, higher volume staffing to do it, capacity to do it, and kind of no dialogue at our clients about spending concerns. We're watching our costs closely. We've indicated that it's taken a little bit longer for the Discovery folks to commit and book studies. So that's embedded in this – in the updated guidance. So we think we're calling this accurately. I don't think I would call it conservative. I think I would call it realistic just given the sort of unprecedented length of the backlog and the strength of the pricing.
Jim Foster: Yes. I mean, it's early to comment on 2023 except that we booked meaningful amounts of studies already in 2023 at higher prices. I think our competitive strength and capacity, availability and as I said a moment ago, additional staff and given the complexity – increasing complexity of the studies, particularly kind of specialty work, if we had to call it today we would say that we'll continue to have pricing power well in the next year.
Jim Foster: Yes. I'll take the first part. Flavia, you can take the second question. So the safety assessment revenue builds through the back half of the year, third quarter, and then the fourth. Now the pricing gets increasingly stronger and the volume is significant and that continues to be a commentary on the demand quotient on how little internal capacity most of our clients have and their desire and need to get drugs through the preclinical stages and files with the FDA. So we – again we feel – we feel good about that. I think, as we said multiple times, its unprecedented demand. I know the growth rate seems extremely high and it is, but it's compared to slow first quarter with pricing wasn't quite as strong. So we feel good about that and we feel that we've taken into consideration some accommodations slow down in commitments that the discovery folks have indicated. And Discovery is only 15% of the DSA, so it's pretty much how safety goes, so does DSA and we feel really good about that. Flavia, your comment on the second part.
Jim Foster: Dave, I can't guess as to what the future holds, I can – we can only respond to what we're hearing, what the dialogue is with our clients, pretty much daily or obviously asking these questions. And so we see we see the backlog continuing to build at higher prices. We hear virtually no commentary on the safety side about – concern about pricing. We see people booking way out, well into next year and some in the following year, we're just way out, we've never seen things like this before. We have several take a pay contracts to reserve space, which is totally new. So the demand portion seems to be sort of contrary to the way you ask the question. Having said that safety and Discovery are distinctly different animals, right? So safety is an activity that is essentially highly outsourced, new biotech companies have no internal capacity or desire to build any and big pharma is increasingly and rapidly outsourcing. So the marketplace is highly dependent on us, and we believe that people that have promising drugs will do everything they can to do the preclinical work, the GLP work and to get those to market. Whereas Discovery is a business that's more internally based with the clients both large and small and as you say, it's likely where people will pause or take longer to make commitments. So we – that's the situation in Discovery, we have a totally different situation in safety. We're watching it, if things suddenly began to change; I just don't think they could suddenly change given how far out we're booked. And so we have work to slide in whenever there is slippage or cancellations but obviously we would curtail hiring. And we would pull back our cost structure with travel and other things. We watch that very, very carefully. We do – we've hired people sufficiently to accommodate the work that we have booked and the demand that we have, which makes us feel even better about the back half of the year its capacity is pretty straightforward, headcount is much more complex. So having those people on board, I think gives us the confidence that we'll be able to deliver the guidance that we have just updated today.
Jim Foster: It's small Dave. So they're not significant numbers, but as you and I have talked about for years were surprised people didn't do this a long time ago. So if you didn't have your own internal capacity and space was pretty tight and you had hot drugs and given the fact that it's a relatively small spend the preclinical versus the total spend of a drug, yes, we're a bit incredulous that people haven't done this earlier. But we have a lot of conversations going on. I don't think it's going to be a large proportion of our capacity or revenue, but it's a much more balanced supply/demand portion. I think it makes customers feel better about their ability to start really important studies earlier; I think the pricings really good. While we didn't give the number, the update's $3 billion, so the backlog has increased from the last time we gave those numbers. So it's really, really significant. We've – I understand we're much larger company, but we've never seen this sort of commitment that far out with better pricing. And as we said, in the prepared remarks, the questions are increasingly about do you do this kind of work? Do you have an opening for me? How quickly can we get that opening? And by the way, what's the price? Whereas as you know years ago the pricing conversation seem to be the first line of questioning, so it's a pretty solid demand curve that we're seeing.
Jim Foster: Sure Sandy, happy to. We're out marketing this business and our whole CDMO portfolio as thoughtfully as possible. It's a new business for us. It reminds us of our Argenta and BioFocus, early Discovery acquisitions that we made in 2014. So it's an adjacency, it's new for us, in this case that was a chemistry deal in this case, it's new for the world. So there's a limited number of people doing cell therapy work. There's a limited number of people providing the – limited number of people with the drugs, small number of people doing the work and sort of a new regulatory oversight. So I think we're all sort of learning as we go. So I think as a general proposition it's a new area, its complex, the sale cycle is longer than we thought. We're recapitulating a fair amount of management, at sales organization where building out space, we're enhancing our regulatory capability. We were preparing for an audit like the successful EMA audit that we just had. We have clients that are talking to us about going commercial. And with this one particular facility that we talked about, we were primarily using that space for COVID vaccine production. And so I think clients begin to forget that this was a plasma production operation. So now I don't think we have an immediate backlog where people are going to jump on this, but we will ready to space. We will – this company was quite good at, at making this. I do think there's a shortage of plasma production generally in the marketplace and so there's a need for it. Look, everything is taking longer than we had anticipated from an overall integration point of view and from an overall market understanding where we are, but we're quite confident, particularly as we've refined the centers of excellence, which means we've got plasmas in the UK, we've got viral vectors in Maryland. We have cell therapy manufacturing benefits that those will provide a really great footprint to service the clients, particularly in addition, and in combination with our Biologics business, Microbial business to some extent safety. So everything is taking longer than we would like Sandy, definitely exacerbated by this contract and the retooling, but we're confident that the overall demand and the quality of the assets and our marketing acumen will hold us in good stead.
Jim Foster: I think that's a good analysis. Probably mid-single the biologics and the microbial businesses will have a much stronger back half of the year and will kind of get back to approaching kind of the usual growth rates. The CDMO businesses, there's several businesses that we bought will do better and improve, but we'll still be way below what we anticipated when we started the year, when we gave you guidance should strengthen materially next year. But yes, I think mid-single is probably the right way to look at manufacturing for the full year.
Jim Foster: Now, I wouldn't say it's any particular areas. I would say it's the nature of the client base, it's largely biotech, there is lots of small companies that have no internal ability probably watching very closely their burn rates, working really hard to get things into safety and spending the money there and maybe have some things on hold. So, it's really been a kind of an interesting process, very active proposal levels, still sort of responses that we have the work or they intend to work with us, but taking longer to actually book the work and sign things. So there is a bit of a way to see attitude there. I guess that makes a fair amount of sense as the future is a little bit murky in terms of the funding paradigm. So I would say it's more the nature of the clients and less about the specific work. I think we have a really good portfolio there, fair amount of scale, very good lead into safety, good international footprint and, I think, we've done really good work for these folks for almost a decade now. So I don't think it's a commentary in any part about the business. It's more on just cautious nature of some of the clients.
Jim Foster: So entirely CDMO. Rest of the segment is doing really nicely. And as I said, a moment ago, biologics, microbial will be approaching the kind of usual growth rates by the end of the year. We spent a lot of time getting ready for the CMA audit, that it's a big deal. I don't know whether we have any competition that has that. So the method facilitates, isn't just fabulous shape from enhanced management point of view, new capacity, a bunch of clients, several of whom are talking to us seriously about when they go commercial. I think you understand, I guess, the nature of the question is you have these audits because some company has filed for approval of their drug. So they actually be approved by the European regulatory authorities to commercially manufacture cell therapies is a huge undertaking and should hold us in good steps for commercial projects. I suspect we will have – I’m not sure what the second part of your question. I suspect we will have additional audits both from European and U.S. authorities for additional drugs that are coming down the line. You don't have any – we have a lot of conversations with clients, we've had some milestones as these drugs get closer to commercialization. We have no idea if or when they will become commercial, but there is a high likelihood that some of these drugs are for very, very tough diseases with kind of unmet medical needs. And cell therapy looks like potentially the only way to treat them. So pretty optimistic about it and really enthused that we were able to get very successfully through this start up.
Jim Foster: Yes, so we price the work that's booked in 2023 accordingly. We're assuming that certain inflation rate increases in our own cost. And so those – we certainly haven't booked those studies at today's prices. We have a meaningful and appropriate increases in cost given the complexity of our own P&L. I don't know the answer to the proposal volume question.
Jim Foster: Yes, I mean we're appropriately investing in CapEx to provide enough capacity to accommodate the increased growth of our businesses. Principally safety, I'd say secondarily CDMO. If we don't have the space, as you say, we can't do the work. So we weren't inferring at all that we're starving any of our businesses. So capital, as you know, we have to drop the CapEx, I don't know, 12 to 24 months in advance. So we have to do today, what we're going to need in a year and a half or two years. So, I think we're funding the growth across multiple facilities, and multiple geographies and multiple businesses at the same time. We’re going to focus on – we'll continue to look at M&A, but we're going to focus on paying down our debt in the short term though.
Jim Foster: Yes. It's pretty early to go there. We just kind of starting our 2023 operating plan work and we're kind of in the midst of a strategic plan for the next five years, trying to vet the cost structure of running our business, the macroeconomic environment, the competitive scenario and what the backlog looks like. So, I mean, I think, that all I can say is that we feel the current funding paradigm for most of our clients is really strong. We think that the host of new modalities to treat diseases is really impressive and we're participating pretty much across the Board. We have – half of our business is Safety, we've never seen backlogs like this at prices like this. And our competitive situation, both in terms of taking share and utilizing a broad portfolio continues to be better.  Because it's too early. We've talked about what our growth rate is going to be for this year. And as soon as we have something concrete to tell you we will.
Jim Foster: Yes, that business is in really terrific shape. We've seen really strong sales in North America; China is our highest growth business, unless there is another situation with COVID, we think we're well past that. We have incremental capacity there. Services businesses are unusually strong both GEMS in particular and IS particularly we have the CRADL business. The acquisition that we did of Explora Labs is right on target and accommodating lots of clients who don't want to buy or rent their own facilities and want to use ours. So, that feels like the right acquisition at the right time given the market me. And we have self-supply businesses, better managed with new products and greater ability to attract owners and more turn capacity. So we feel really good about both the current and the back half of the year in that business, both top and bottom line.
Jim Foster: No change at all in the demand quotient. We remain extremely enthused about cell and gene therapy. The utilization of pretty much of almost all of our portfolio in participating in cell and gene therapy to get those drugs into the clinic. And of course, we actually have a business that manufacturers those drugs to get into the clinic are largely impacted by the European entity that is retooling. And I would say that the rest of the business for us is heavy integration of a multiplicity of sites in intensified learning curve which, I think, we're doing very well at, but in some ways more complicated than we had thought and just a newer business for us. But given the EMA audit of the strength of Memphis, the retooling of our Maryland facility, and beginning to remarket the entire portfolio, we feel really good about the build and the potential opportunities for next year.
Jim Foster: CDMO visibility. Yes. What's changed is we're living in that business longer, where sort of reformatting multiple companies at the same time, literally we bought a lot relatively quickly, acquisitions often become available when they become available. So, I think we bought very good assets. I think we have a unique set of services. We've worked really hard to give you a realistic, makeable case for the back half of the year is all I can say. We're all over it from a sales point of view, and from capacity point of view, from a spending point of view, from a client interaction point of view. And so we think we have the wagon circle, we think we'll continue to build strength in that business through the back half of the year and be in a much stronger place next year. So, obviously it just has a kind of visibility that safety does, it's a new business for us and basically a new industry for lots of people. So all we can do is stay really close to the clients, which we're doing.
Jim Foster: Yes, not only do we think it's sustainable, I won't call it a sustainable trend, but as we said in prepared remarks, we think we will continue to have additional clients sign up for these take or pay arrangements. Companies tend to be larger. But if you have a hot drug, you want to start your safety trials as soon as possible. And given the capacity limitations, given how busy we are and probably how busy the competition is, you may not be able to do that. I think that's a good way to retard your ability to get a drug into the market. So I think we'll have more of these. By the way we've had more of these since our last quarterly call. I think we had one last time. We have several now and we have a bunch in conversations. So we think that's totally sustainable. We don't anticipate additional headwinds in China. So I don't think we baked – we haven't baked additional headwinds from COVID into the back half of the year. We have that pretty much at kind of usual growth rates and margin contribution. I guess that could change. I think it's unlikely given what the COVID situation is now and how poorly they managed that last time that was enormous overreaction to lockdown cities with 12 million people with 2,500 people had COVID. So, I don't think they are going to revisit that. We're not talking to the government, so we don't know that for a fact, but we haven't conservatized the numbers to anticipate that.
Flavia Pease: Thanks Jim. Good morning, Eric, thanks for the question. And indeed the second quarter corporate cost benefited from lower performance based compensation as you mentioned as we adjusted our forecast for the year we threw up the approval there that is not going to continue in the second half of the year. So it was basically in the second quarter.
Flavia Pease: In the second half as we pointed out, there will be additional offsetting factors of the CDMO headwinds continuing. So in the second quarter you had the benefit of corporate at lower level that is not going to continue in the second half.
Flavia Pease: Yes. Maybe I'll jump in here as I think we commented the manufacturing segment as a whole will be forecasted organic growth of mid-single-digits as Jim said for the year. We had about 10% in the first quarter and reported 1% in the second quarter, you can do the math. It's probably going to be a little bit higher than mid-single in the second half if the full year is at mid-single, but so you are in the right fiscal.
Flavia Pease: I would just add, I think, Jim commented on the demand side of the business. I think I just want to remind everyone that the macroeconomic environment has changed dramatically since we provided our long-term targets over a year ago. So as you said, we will take the time to update our outlook for 2023 and beyond, and get back to you Patrick and everybody in due time.
