Jim Foster: Tough to comment on the competition, Derik. I guess my overarching comment would be, number one, we are a much wider scale. Number two, we have different supply sources and different capabilities. But I would say that with regard to Cambodia, where 60% of the animals come from, we are all at least temporarily foreclosed from bringing new animals in and utilizing them on studies in the United States. So you want to extrapolate this and say this is an industry issue, a relatively profound one because drugs aren’t going to move through preclinical and into the clinic. Biologics are not going to move unless they’re tested on large  animals, and it’s has to be NHP.  So we are – our focus now is to work with Fish and Wildlife to come up with a collaborative methodology that they’re in agreement with, and we can execute to show parentage, which is sort of the underlying issue here. It’s going to be some sort of laboratory assay that we’re developing, but we have to be able to do that quickly and cross a large population of animals.  The – just to reset the table for you, the irony is that demand is really significant for us. I can’t comment on the competition, but I assume similarly. So demand is exceptional. We’re well staffed. Capacity’s in a good place. We actually have enough animal supply in terms of our relationships with the various suppliers that we have where we either own a piece or have a long-term contract. And we’ve hit this unanticipated speed bump with Fish and Wildlife. They’re saying that they’re concerned about parentage.  So I don’t – I can’t guarantee anything. I don’t think this is a situation that we’ve been concerned about losing share. It’s a situation of how do we – we, and that’s both Charles River and the competition to some extent, move past this so we can support the clients to get drugs through preclinical and to patients.  And that’s – that’ll be pretty much 100% of our focus going forward. We’re optimistic that we will be able – that’s been a request. We’re optimistic that we’ll be able to meet that request. It’s a little bit difficult to determine exactly when it will be resolved and exactly when we will get animals into the U.S.  We’ve sized our guide, as we said in the prepared remarks, to either have animals kind of late in the third quarter for utilization in Q4. That would be sort of the best case. Worst case would be that Cambodia doesn’t open up at all for fiscal 2023. And of course, it’s about 60% of the supply source, both for Charles River and the industry at large. So it’s – I don’t know how else to say this. It’s not really optional that we fix it, have to fix it for our clients and for patients and for ourselves. I think the U.S. government authorities understand the criticality of the work that we do and the role that NHPs play. And we’re hoping they’ll work closely with us as we work through the resolution. 
Jim Foster: I mean, the timing is hard only because they’re pretty much consistent that we prove parentage. By the same token, Fish and Wildlife absolutely understand how these animals are used and the critical nature of them. I know that the various government agencies have been in conversation with one another on the outlook of the world through a different lens. But it’s going to be essential to move drug development forward for hundreds of clients and drugs that we have a resolution.  So we’re off working on that. We’re off with an open dialogue with Fish and Wildlife about what exactly they need. And we have to explain to them that the reality of it’s going to take some time to get this up and running, but we’re well intentioned that we have deep science on our own. We’ll collaborate with some others to get this up and running. And we’ll provide these tests, which – yes, that’s the basis of this whole situation to prevent wild animals being used in biomedical research. 
Jim Foster: Sure. Subpoena is relatively recent, Eric. And we’re a subject here, meaning that they want to get information from us. Just to back up, that another Cambodian supplier was invited in November. That’s not somebody that we work with. And so we take a couple of our competitors to work with, and that started the whole questioning and to prove for the methodology. And so they are now looking at all of the suppliers in Cambodia, one of whom we get our monkeys from.  We were just there and audited that, I guess, I should say, without sort of weighing in on what the government thinks. So doesn’t think that we believe it’s a professionally run operation from a veterinary point of view, from a nutritional point of view, from a housing point of view, from a shipment point of view. And it’s a big farm. And they take our advice and counsel really well. So we feel that we have some end point and some auditing capability with them. We believe that as this DOJ investigation continues, we’re confident that they’ll conclude that any concerns they have with regard to Charles River are without merit. We don’t believe we did anything wrong. To the contrary, we always fully comply with U.S. and international laws. So we’ll work closely with them. We’ll be collaborative. We’ll be transparent. We will take the high road in terms of coming up with a solution that works for them, works for us and probably will work for other providers and competition, which is great.  The supply thing is – I mean, it is what it is, Eric. It’s frustrating. We worked really hard over the last, I’d say, COVID years, so probably three years now, maybe four particularly after China closed out in 2018 to have a multiplicity of suppliers. And I won’t go through where they are and what their names are, but we have multiple supply sources. And so we were starting this year with more than a sufficient number of monkeys to do the work. You know we have orders last year way into the back half of 2023 and some into 2024 and hopefully, some incremental on top of that. And as I said earlier, we had staff and space.  So we’re heading into this – and we had an extraordinary second half of last year. So we’ve been heading into this year really optimistic about our supply sources. So I would say that we have multiple supply sources, which is great. I would tell you in specific answer to your question that if Cambodia never opens up, there will be an insufficient number of monkeys to do the work for the whole industry. And I’m not just saying this with – through Charles River lens. That’s not a tolerable situation. That’s not an acceptable situation for the health of patients, for drug development, for getting drugs through preclinical into the clinic.  So we have to find an accommodation. They – the dialogue with them was quite open, and they’ve been really clear to say you just have to show parentage and by that, listing. What we mean by that is just that you can track the offspring to mothers and that those mothers are part of a purpose-bred operation.  So we believe that we can do that. We believe that Cambodia will open up at some point. We’re hopeful that it will be sort of best case to become end-ish of third quarter with the animals in the fourth because it’s a big industry dilemma if that can’t happen. And I will let Flavia drill down on the financial impact of what we just gave in our guidance. 
Jim Foster: Yes. So on the Fish and Wildlife situation, so there was all sorts of contradictory and probably erroneous information about what Cambodia was doing after this first farm was invited back in November. So the initial ruling was that the Cambodian government just closed down exports, which was we don’t believe was ever true.  So Cambodia is – from their end, is open for business. We’d like to shift the animals, we’ll provide the paperwork. The U.S. government is saying, you can’t bring them in yet. And the ones that you have in country, and we have some in country, you can’t use yet until we sort of work out and ensure that they are indeed purpose-bred.  So no. So I don’t think it’s – I don’t think we can just do what we want. I mean, there’s always permitting. There are these site permits that one has to get and then they – when they – so canceled, you can go ahead and utilize the animal. So just your prevalence, I guess our hands are tied, but we’re trying to look at that positively that it’s within our control to get them untied. They’re just going to sort of wait for us to make a proposal on how we can prove they’re purpose-bred. So as I said, that’s like 100% of our focus right now in our control. And obviously, the faster we do it, the faster they will allow us to utilize the animals. CDMO business is an interesting one. As we’ve spoken to consistently for a while, now integration has been complicated. The science is quite complicated and new. And we really had to re-staff all three of the companies, the major companies that we bought from kind of top to bottom, senior management, sales, regulatory, et cetera. I think the demand has been great across the Board. The sales cycle is long. So I’m not sure that was totally clear to us or the length wasn’t crystal clear to us when we bought the company and plus some of the clients that we felt we had firm commitments weren’t so firm. So I think we’ve done a great job with the new sales force where people that understand the science can explain it well. And we have in our prepared remarks a commentary $100 million of new business come in last year. Our Memphis facility, which is a gene-modified cell therapy manufacturing operation, this sounds particularly solid right now just in terms of numbers of clients, scale of clients. By that, I mean, there’s a bunch of companies that are cell therapy companies that are kind of small and new that you’ve never heard of, but there’s a bunch of really big companies, including big biotech and big pharma who either don’t have their own space or don’t feel there’s sufficient space in the system. We have several clients that we’re talking to who have either finished Phase 3 or almost – who are talking to us about commercial quantities. And there’s at least one client that we are confident that we will produce commercial quantities for them this fiscal year, which obviously would be fabulous just in terms of, I don’t know, expertise, reputation, capability and really doing it because there’s still a few commercial products actually being manufactured. So the business feels better, stronger, better demand, better client understanding of who we are, better integration amongst and between the cell and gene therapy companies and also between cell and gene therapy and our biologics business, in particular, and I would say safety. Secondarily, we have very good facilities that have been all three of the big – three of the major facilities have been added on to over the past year. So we’ve got new space, incremental space and pretty well staffed. It’s a very attractive area. There’s lots of people that want to work and sell in gene therapy. I think there’s a little bit of a positive buzz around our capability and potential. So we should have nice growth rates in those businesses in fiscal 2023. The margins won’t be anywhere near we want them to be, but they will be distinctly better than the prior year. So CDMO should be accretive for sort of the manufacturing top and bottom line. And similarly, obviously, to a lesser extent given the denominator, but similarly to CRL’s top and bottom line also. So we feel good about those businesses as we’ve entered this fiscal year.
Jim Foster: Yes. So we have some supply, for sure, Elizabeth. So we have – we do a lot of NHP work in the U.S., but we also do – I mentioned Europe that we have other suppliers for European operations. We have other suppliers for the U.S. We had monkeys in countries, some of which our hands are tied at the moment, but some of which our hands aren’t tied. And I don’t want to peel it back too finely, but I think that we have a sufficient supply for a while, and then it begins to wind a little bit. We’re just going to have to have conversations with our clients about their priorities and what they really need to be done quickly and try to match their priorities and the cadence of their drug development pipelines with availability of space and NHPs. So yes, to some extent, we’ll have sufficient supply. And to some extent, we won’t. And hopefully, as we’ve indicated in our prepared remarks today and in the numbers in our guidance that we’ll be off and running in the back half of the year. We’re continuing to take orders and book orders certainly into 2024. I don’t want to comment on what the impact is in 2024. We’re early in the first quarter of 2023 except to say that our hope would be to resolve this problem because we have sufficient supply if the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the other regulatory agencies will let us use them so. And just given the importance of the work, we have to figure it out. We’re confident that they will listen. They understand the importance. We’re also confident they don’t have a lot of options. Very few of our clients have internal toxicology capacity. And even if they did, they can’t get the NHPs either. And we have perfectly capable competitors, but they have limited infrastructures, and they have limited access to NHPs as well. So just given our scale and prominence, we have to resolve it. And we’re hopeful that people will work with us and understand that we’re doing everything in good faith and want to come up with a scientific solution that satisfies everybody’s expectations and demands.
Jim Foster: Yes. CRADL for sure. CRADL’s – I don’t want to overstate it. I’d say it’s a relatively recession-proof business and kind of the pure-play outsourcing move for – we thought it was only going to be small companies. It’s a whole range of countries. It’s quite interesting, but for everyone at the moment who might not want to build de novo space, add on to the current space, just hold on to the capital and at least small amounts of space from us, use our people either in large measure or a small measure. I think that business is going really well. Look, our whole thesis – I mean the whole basis of the bargain with Charles River is that we can be your outsourcing partner. You use our people and our space as if they’re your own. We’ll invest in technology and capacity consistently. We’ll help you get your drug into the market or at least tell you that it shouldn’t get into the market because of high levels of toxicity or whatever, lack of efficacy. So I think that so much of what we do, all of the Research Model Services are pure outsourcing. All of our discovery and safety work is pure outsourcing. And so is the biologics work. And so – and everything that we’ve added through M&A over the last decade or even two decades has been about providing a large cohesive portfolio to – so somebody can literally give us a drug and say, please tell me, file my IND and get this thing to market. So obviously, it’s somewhat correlated to the availability of cash. I would say that our biotech clients, in particular, are very judicious and thoughtful about the way they spend money. So they tend not to move forward unless they think they have enough money to at least get their drug minimally into the clinic and actually to proof of concept. And we’re still hearing very little from our clients about concern about access to capital and how that would impair or slowdown both the demands from us and ability to spend. So yes, we think our – and if they have those concerns, and they’re just not articulating it, I think our portfolio is quite helpful for them. And yes, I would agree that CRADL is kind of the top of the list.
Jim Foster: Sure. When the information came public about the indictment in November of a supplier in Cambodia that was the first time we know anything about – any concern about Cambodia. Just to remind you all this probably around the same percentage of our animals, our NHPs were coming from China up until that point. We had pretty wide scale supply agreements from China, and then the Chinese government closed those exports down in favor of keeping those monkeys in country. And we and our competitors pivoted to Cambodia, which has essentially the same type of animals or the same genetic background. So we knew that the research community would be fine with them. They also didn’t really have a choice. But it’s similar background. So we’ve been working hard to validate our supply sources by visiting them, by telling them what our kind of requirements were from an operational point of view. We’ve been quite pleased with them. We’ve been quite pleased with the quality of monkeys. As I said earlier, we had probably the best – not probably, we had the best year in the company’s history for our Safety Assessment business in fiscal 2022, really strong demand way out a year or 1.5 years and escalating price points and market share gains. And so we were feeling very good coming into this year as we were locking down our operating plan, and this came up literally out of the blue. And then as you say, I can’t put a finer point on it than what you said. All sorts of rumor is tough to verify. But Cambodia closed, no it’s not closed. Great, it’s not closed, but then we got U.S. government is we don’t care, but you can’t use them until you can determine and prove to us that the animals are purpose-bred. So it’s just November to now, which is – it feels like decades, that’s a relatively short period of time. We have finally opened up channels to have conversations with both DOJ and Fish and Wildlife, obviously, not only will we cooperate, but I think it’s incumbent upon us given our scale and who we are to be the leaders in solving this problem. We have to solve this for the client base. By that, I mean, we have to come up with the necessary tests that can be done quickly to determine which animals – that the animals are indeed purpose-bred, and we will do that. So we’ll stay close to all of our suppliers or particularly the one that we – the principal one that we use in Cambodia, provide advice and counsel on what we think they need to do additionally on their end. And we’ll enhance our own internal testing methodology such that we can just show efficient wildlife data, and hopefully, they’ll be pleased with it. And it’s as straightforward as frustrating and as sort of sudden as that, the – it just literally sort of the information and the kind of severity of what the government was looking for seem to come out of nowhere, certainly with no advanced notice. And it’s not something we’ve spoken to them about previously. And as I said, we had an extraordinary fiscal 2022, so – and never even a hint of this kind of concern or investigation or conversation.
Jim Foster: Sure. The market is strong and has remained strong. There’s a plethora of cell and gene therapy drugs that had then quote discovered and need to be developed either to success or failure. So we’re going to be very, very busy. We’ve, as I said earlier, retooled the sales organization. So we’ve got people with great expertise in both cell and gene therapy to understand both the science and the processes for manufacturing and the time frame. As I said earlier, the time frame is longer than we had anticipated. So we’re really pleased with the way we’ve been signing up clients, large and small, the openness to share their anticipated plans with us to wheel what the market size they think the drugs might have. As I said earlier, we have several clients that are on the verge of commercialization. It doesn’t mean the drugs will get to market, but I’m just saying from a regulatory point of view are on the verge of having finished clinicals and will be filing and one that has moved into a commercial zone. So the sales funnel feels solid, consistent, persistent and pretty varied in terms of the scale of the companies. The market itself, the – it’s probably a number we should update, but we – when we quantified it last time, we said they were about 3,000 cell and gene therapy drugs in development, probably two-thirds of which were in the preclinical domain. And obviously, some meaningful portion of these we’ll get to work on. The differentiating factor for us and the reason we went into CDMO space having kind of fleet from a few years ago because it’s kind of a crowded space is that this is kind of an interesting niche. We have a couple of other very good players in the space, which is fine. The market needs them, but what the differentiating feature is that we don’t just manufacture a drug. We have the Biologics Testing business, which is kind of how we ended up pivoting back into this space because clients were saying speed is of the essence. We give you our molecule and develop it for us. We can’t tolerate you sending us out to find some of the manufacturer negotiating prices, maybe someone we don’t know or trust. We’d like you to be able to do that for us. So if you think about it, we can do some of the discovery development. We can do all the toxicology work to say it’s safe, then we can test that molecule before it goes into the clinic – sorry, we can now manufacture the molecule, and then test it before it goes into the clinic and then test it as it goes into commercialization. So I do think it holds true not just for cell and gene therapy but pretty much everything we do. We just have this – we have a broader portfolio than the competition. And even if they’re bigger companies and even if they’re bigger and have a larger reputation than us for being a CDMO, they don’t have the pull-through that we have, and they don’t have a comprehensive portfolio. We think that gives us a significant and distinct competitive advantage.
Jim Foster: Yes. Very smart and sophisticated question. Not an easy one to answer. I think that we all particularly given the complexity of NHP availability and by the way, it’s always been complex. It’s just more complex these days because of the sheer numbers. If there was an alternative species that was – yes. Let’s start with your pig question. You could produce them domestically, and they have litters as opposed to one offspring, and you could get significant numbers. The problem is – and by the way, we do a fair amount of swine work right now, mostly for dermatology and cardiovascular work. But it’s not a bad model. Several problems and several which is number one is there are not enough swine either. Number two is if you use sort of farm size one, that’s just too big. And by too big, I mean, at that stage, drug companies have made a very small amount of the drug, which is classic extraordinary amount. So they’d like to put it in small animals. So if you put it in mice or rats, that’s obviously a small amount of drug. And the monkeys that we use are quite small as well. And plus it’s years and years and years of data using NHP. So I would say that swine is theoretically a long-term solution, but you’d have to have lots of elevation work done by our clients, accepted by the FDA and then a massive breeding operation, which we would undertake that. It just – it’s not around the corner. The utilization of NHPs and a small animal model, usually a rat, is required by the FDA and comparable organizations around the world. So that’s unlikely to change. I think the essence of your question as well, that’s really interesting, but what if they’re not available, what happens. And you know that the FDA is the protector of the public safety. So they won’t do anything to impair safety, biologics of complicated drugs and I mentioned human proteins or artificial human proteins. And so you really want something that is closely aligned with a human being as possible. So I don’t see significant pivot out of that. And would it reduce demand? I mean, if you have a host – so let’s take the worst case that Cambodia never opens up. That would beg the question of would the FDA accept smaller numbers of animals per study than they do now. I don’t know the answer to that. And if they did accept that, would that be significantly – significant enough to give them enough data to approve the drug? Maybe. Probably not. They couldn’t pivot overnight to another animal model. So again, I just have to go back to where I’ve been on this whole call, the animals are available. There are enough animals available. The farm that we use, we provided really good oversight. And we think it’s well-run farm, and we think the animals are of high quality. And we have to get through this logged in, and it’s not like – think about your question, it’s not like literally are there enough animals available in the world to satisfy the demand because there aren’t. These animals typically are pests in these countries, and then they take the test, and they use them as initial breed stock. So they’re wild. And then we sell usually the second generation, occasionally the first, but the second generation. So the animals are clean, and we’ve had an opportunity to ensure their viral and bacteriological and genetic profiles are as it were – as you want it to be. So we are – trust me, we talk daily about alternative models, what our responsibility would be, how we would go at it, how we support our clients. And that may happen over the next – I don’t know the time frame, let’s say, five years. But that doesn’t satisfy any of the short-term needs right now. So I do think that – we’re quite hopeful in the final analysis, organizations like NIH and the FDA will weigh it seriously about how important these animals are, support us and the work that we do. And so ensure in a long-term basis, these animals are available.
Jim Foster: Yes. It’s – I don’t think it’s all that complicated. You just – you’re proving genetics. And there are also sort of genetic assays that are available. The issue is actually more trivial. It’s just actual scale depending on how many of the animals they want tested. And how do you do that on a large enough scale quickly enough so it doesn’t impede the speed, the velocity of your business. So we’re hopeful. We’re speaking to a few organizations right now. We’re hopeful that we can enhance the technology to be able to do it faster. So that would be good for us, that would be good for our clients. And I think that’s – speed is an issue of the regulatory folks. They just want proof with it.
Jim Foster: Yes. So I’m going to stay away from 2024. Just – it’s too far away, and we don’t know how this year is going to unfold in terms of access to new animals. And so the supply will be – yes, it’s hard to call what it will be going to next year, which, of course, is more than 10 months away. We believe based upon everything we know today and based upon our conversations with the Fish and Wildlife and others that the guidance range that we have out and now accommodates for sort of close to the best case and close to the worst case. And so we’re pretty comfortable with that. So we like our shareholder base to just sort of get in that genre. The price points for work in kind of the back half of this year and definitely for 2024 continue to escalate. It might not be quite at the escalating point that we had last year to really cover our inflationary costs but meaningful prices. I don’t know. It feels unclear as to what we do from a pricing point of view to accommodate for this lack of demand. I think we need to be paid well for the complexity of the work we do and for the animals that we have. But we may have a small amount of pricing power only if the costs go up dramatically. But I wouldn’t think that we can make up much of this by significantly increasing the cost to our clients.
Jim Foster: Wow, four-part. So, I would say that the FDA Modernization Act is well intentioned and is pointing to alternatives to the extent that they are available and viable. And we would be the first company to own those technologies were they available and viable. I think that there’s very limited technologies right now. We try to invest in them when we see them. We bought one company in the last 25 years. It was clearly in vitro or non-animal based to replace an animal technology that the FDA required. It’s done quite well. But I remember when I made the decision to buy it many years ago, I assume by now there’d be 20 other technologies, and there simply aren’t. So while the FDA Modernization Act means well and it’s sort of pointing towards less animals, more sophisticated animal models, early or assays that are in vitro, I think some of that will happen. I think you’re going to see AI and machine learning and utilization data to decide how the trials used potentially more in the early discovery phase to give you an indication of – I don’t know whether the new drug is likely to work as well as an old one and minimally in toxicology. We hear every month – and I totally ignore it, by the way. We hear every month that China is opening up again for exports. I don’t know why we’re hearing it. I don’t know who’s saying it. I don’t believe it. So China is at odds with the U.S. and probably Europe right now. They have lots of animals that would potentially give them, I don’t know, but any edge, but at least access to more monkeys. It’s hard to imagine what the scenario might be that they would open up again. So, we’re certainly assuming for all of our guidance and assumptions and plan that we don’t have them available for us. You had another question – oh, I can’t imagine that we would give inter-quarter updates on DSA. So, I would leave it at that. And on the RMS business, this is a business that’s really rocking right now. It’s kind of moved up into sort of high single digits genre. We did 9% for fiscal 2022. That’s the best it’s been in a long time. We’ve got China doing well. We’ve got North America doing really well. I’m only laughing because it’s been years since that’s happened. So it happened 2022 and we imagine 2023 as well. This CRADL business with the acquisition we made last year is doing particularly well genetically engineered model business, it’s also doing particularly well. And so we see a really good opportunity to take share. We always get price in those businesses. Clients are pretty much happily dependent on us. It’s been – nobody produces their own animals or provides the level of services that we do. So the business feels continually stronger pretty much in all of the geographies in which we participate. Some of our competitors, particularly because of COVID, had a rough time, I don’t know, having enough infrastructure to work through COVID. I think they’ve been – had some financial issues as well and some of them are only in the Research Model business. So, I think they’ve had a lot of pressure on them. So, we feel really good about that business, its growth rate potential and its operating margin potential and really feel good about how it ended up in 2022.
Jim Foster: Yes. The domestic colony question is a really good one, Dave. I can’t tell you how many times we’ve discussed it. And I think you know that we did it once. So, we set up a domestic colony in Southern Florida. It’s extraordinarily significant expense and had the bad luck of even though we have built hurricane proof of closures [ph] having a hurricane, which really grew in the bunch of the facility actually a bunch of monkeys got out. The – at the time this was a long time ago, Dave, it was – I remember the project was like cash flow negative for over a decade. It’s just a brutal drop. So you have two problems with it. One is it’s crazy expensive now. I think underlying your question was, could you go to the federal government and say, can you help us with this? It is a critical national resource. And they probably would. So that would take some of the financial sting out of it, but it still would take forever. We’re talking about what can we do between now and the end of this year. And it just would be forever. So it’s just – it’s not a practical approach. On the test, I think it’s both. The answer to your question is both. There are current tests that can be utilized but are set up not on a very large scale. So, we have to scale them up or find a partner to scale them up. So minimally we’ll do that. What we’re really hoping for, particularly with one or two of the collaborators that we began to talk to is that the quality of their science is so sophisticated that they can help us refine the test in a way that we can do more, have more throughput faster with better and unequivocal results. And obviously, you got our own labs. As you know, Dave, we have big labs all around the world in our facilities. So we have really good capacity and really capable people that would know how to do this work. We just would like to get ahead of it. So it’s kind of a work in progress literally as we speak. We’re working on. I’m confident that we will minimally have kind of something relatively new and not yet standard and potentially something better than even something that’s new that would be – care so much about the cost as speed and accuracy. So, we’re all over that, and we’ll update you folks on what our progress is. And if the relevance of the partners and we have an appropriate partner, if we think that’s meaningful to our shareholder base, we’ll share that with you as well.
Jim Foster: I mean, eventually, I think it’s good for the industry if you can even call what we do an industry and certainly for our clients, if you could – certainly they are an industry. I think it would be good if the whole Cambodian source, and there are a couple of really big players and then some smaller ones if they could use a similar methodology to show who are the moms and who are the offsprings. So if we’re successful, we won’t be selfish about it. I think the way we see the landscape right now, we’re unlikely to work with anybody besides our principal supplier because we just know them so well. We like the scale at which they were again, and they really take our advice and counsel really well. So, we are quite confident that work with us. And so maybe that will be the nice edge. We’ll start with our supplier. We’ll work with them. We’ll show Fish and Wildlife what we’ve accomplished. And then we can offer to share that. I don’t care. We can share that with our competition. We don’t have 100% share. So we just want the biopharmaceutical industry to be well resourced here and have access to companies that can do the work well for them. So – and I do think that the U.S. providers are quite – will be quite reliant on Cambodia for the foreseeable future, just given the genetic similarity between the Cambodian monkeys and the Chinese ones. And it’s much better for the research just sort of background data point of view. So that’s how we see it unfolding. It’s possible that our competition will do something similar. And maybe they get there first. I don’t even care. We’re not going to spend a lot of time, I think, working with them because we just have a different, I think, viewpoints and capabilities and scale and just the way we deal with suppliers and the government. So while we may talk to them and get each other’s support, I think we have to do this alone. And I think we have to do it quite quickly.
