Jim Foster: Sure. The work that has been outsourced to us we believe is exclusive. So they’ve selected us also as their principal in vivo partner across a whole host of therapeutic area. This is work that historically was done internally by this large client to sort of sea change for them to outsource this work, it allows them to rationalize their own infrastructure and utilize ours.  We feel that we have sufficient capacity both in terms of people and space to accommodate for this work and we suspect we would have people and space to continue to not only crank this one up but take on additional clients, although to some extent depending on the size and the scale of the deal, additional direct labor could be required, but I don’t think – I think we have sufficient senior scientific staff. Now, this is a deal that gives the client enormous flexibility to use our space instead of owning the assets themselves. And as we said in the call, I think it’s a very, very important template for other deals to come.  We have – we’ve never had a negative view of these deals. We’ve been skeptical about doing deals, where we had to take on large amounts of capacity from a client, particularly since we have an abundance of capacity in a preclinical space. But certainly long-term large strategic deals with our large clients is exactly what we’re looking for, because strategic relationships are critical.  Our anticipated margin is that they will be sort of competitive and acceptable where we see the preclinical margins going. It depends obviously on capacity utilization, how quickly they scale up and how big this actually gets. We have an anticipated size which we’ve tried to sized you in our comments. We actually think there is upside to that both within these specific therapeutic areas, but also other works that we’re doing with them. So the power in this is the collective partnership and they’re working closely together. 
Jim Foster: Yes. So in the preclinical business, I mean we feel that pricing has stabilized substantially, except for periodic it’s very aggressive pricing. Actually more of the smaller players, we certainly try not responding kind, and our price flexibility has gone closely linked to volume and we like to keep it that way. So we certainly think we can continue to be sort of cost and price effective, particularly as the – if the volume increases. And we’re certainly seeing a shift to more short-term studies on the regulated work.  But as we’ve tried to really carve out clearly in this call, we’re seeing a significant increase in demand by clients who wanted to work earlier on to call down their portfolios, we size this market opportunity at more than a couple of billion dollars, and we pointed out the fact that it is essentially done internally by the drug companies. And so this big deal that we announced is I think a leading indicator of other deals like this to come as the drug industry is sort of sort out what drugs they really want to drive all the way through safety assessment. What was your RMS question? Sorry.
Jim Foster: I guess, years of history, conversations with clients, their feedback about future purchases – we continue to see obviously some slowness in upper RADS sales, corresponding significant increase in service revenue. Service revenue has very significant operating margins and so we are not seeing any margin drain as a result of that. We also feel that we’ll continue to get price in our core animal business, which should offset any slowdown. So we think there is a high degree of predictability in that business model going forward. 
Jim Foster: It’s been a while since we broke it out that way, Ricky. Obviously, the fast preponderance of our clients is big pharma. And over the last time we did, it was probably 55%-ish, academics is another 22%, so the balance is sort of mid – what we call our mid-tier clients. We continue to feel that mid-tier is principally financed by pharma. And while beleaguered somewhat this quarter by the slowness in money flowing into the segment by the capital markets, we do think that over time the sort of difference between large pharma and biotech is pretty much blurs. It ought to be the same pool of capital dragged in those businesses. So while there seems to be more stability with our larger clients recently, I think long term is likely we’ll see stability across that whole segment.
Jim Foster: Yes, we’ve certainly considered it. We constantly look at our infrastructure to make sure it’s appropriate in line with demand that we’re seeing globally and given the geographic footprint of our client, we like the size and scope and diversity and geographic dispersion of our footprint right now and also the specialty capabilities that we have in several locales. And so we think this is a very good footprint to service the markets on a forward going basis. So while it’s something that we look at it periodically, we’re happy with the footprint that we have now.
Jim Foster: This is a very client that we have a strong relationship with. I would say that our relationship has been building and our interfaces have been with increasingly more senior people. Over the last three years I would say that the specific work that we’ve reported on today that was recently signed, that conversation and negotiations has been probably going on in earnest to sort of six to 12 months. It was a competitive process and one that we feel very good about. And we certainly think that their signals just given the size and scale and the financial strength of this company, the signals that other deals should follow.  We have several conversations going on right now, albeit earlier. But clients who are opened to discussing this, who are thinking about it, and since this deal was recently signed and we really haven’t had the opportunity to discuss with other clients even though we’re not going to name this specific client, I do think that that will generate additional business and actually speed up the process. So we know there is a lot of work, we know it’s historically been done internally. We watched with our discussions with this client how they got comfortable outsourcing at across multiple therapeutic areas, how we’re going to work together in sharing protocols and enhancing protocols and driving efficiency and the movements from the work done internally at the client’s site to multiple Charles River sites and with the IT interface, it’s going to be et cetera, et cetera. So this is going to be a great one to sort of use as a model. So we think there is considerably more work. The work is shorter term, lower priced, and long-term studies, but it still should be a good margin. We haven’t – we’re not going to give a lot of detail on the margin or the pricing except to say that as with all clients, we were flexible with our pricing given the substantial volume that we have here and we continue to be. And, we’re quite confident that we will be able to drive efficiency through this work stream.  We’ve been doing DMPK with this client now for probably a year and a half or two years, and that operation has got increasingly more efficient as we work closer together, and, frankly, as the volumes have increased. And we’re confident that we’ll be able to do the same thing here. So some of the slowness in shortfall we’re seeing in the regulated safety assessment phase, we obviously offset and picked out by this shorter-term earlier work, and there ought to be – even though these studies are shorter in duration, there is probably a lot more of them just in terms of specific space themselves, we’ve got to see a better balance now between early stage and the later stage regulated work.Dave Windley – Jefferies & Company: Okay, thank you.
Jim Foster: Yes. So I think we probably have discussed it earlier, but if we haven’t, it’s just simply the notion is what I was referring to earlier. So just to be clear about, the notion that as we have larger longer-term relationships with clients and the volume increases under those contracts, they will invariably get the benefit of better prices from us, and that’s our strategy forever. And we try really only to be price flexible in situations where we have substantially more volume. So I suspect it will come to play in many of these large agreements.  We think that the volume is very, very important particularly in the preclinical business as we fill out space, but also in RMS as well. It’s incumbent upon us to hold and hopefully improve margins over time to driving efficiency which we believe that we can with most of these situations particularly as the volume increases. And I think we’ll probably not going to give any greater specificity than that.
Jim Foster: I guess on the large pharma clients, we would characterize demand right now as much more favorable. And, obviously, signing this new large contract is quite positive. As we look at our client base, not only would the revenue of that particular deal will generate, but the potential for others as well. We’ve talked from many quarters, there is a lot of work locked up inside of our clients that that we believe will be outsourced, whether it’s classic regulated safety assessment work or some of its early drug efficacy work. So pharma as a general probably seems more stable, although there is variability amongst the players in the large pharma universe. In terms of the smaller players, as I said earlier, we have done pretty well with them. We haven’t seen much volatility, A, because we do work with virtually all of them, and B, so much money has come directly from the big pharmaceutical companies to use them as they are discovery tools. So I don’t know, I would say that we’ve only seen the softness sort of maybe a month before the beginning of the third quarter and through the third quarter, and this has been a relatively recent phenomenon tied to access to funding in the capital markets. It’s probably something that we’ll ameliorate with time, particularly as direct funding continues to be strong by the large drug companies.
Jim Foster: That’s a – it’s a certainly more difficult question to answer. Certainly, we should see greater stabilization of balancing in the value proposition than we’ve seen for the last two or three years. We’ve actually had a decline in the revenue base. And I would like to think that the mix is shifting to the point where we ought to see some increases going forward. I would be reluctant particularly since we’re not away from our guidance call in being anymore specific than that.Todd Van Fleet – First Analysis: Thanks.
Jim Foster: I think we can both answer this. I think capacity utilization is improving slowly. We have some locations where capacity utilization is actually quite good. We have others where it’s not as good as we’d like it to be. Little difficult to tell what the industry is doing, because a lot of our competitors are private. And, of course, the big issue is what are the clients doing in terms of reducing or taking their space out of operation. I think that has the biggest discernible impact. We certainly would like to believe that the merits that we’re seeing now are certainly at a trough. And we think that on a going forward basis, particularly if this early business continues to pickup as we anticipate, we should get some beneficial margin.
Tom Ackerman: Yes. Well, I wouldn’t comment too precisely on that. What I would say is that, while the things that we have talked about with fairly experienced pressures on the margin, notwithstanding a lot of the cost actions that we’ve taken and continue to take. So we did talk about some actions that we were implementing as we speak with headcount, which is predominantly in the PCS would obviously provide some relief to margins. So what I would say is that we’re working hard to improve our margin.  Pricing is more stable at this particular point in time, so I don’t see that as a meaningful issue today, unless that were to change and looking at where we had been during 2011, it’s really been the movement in volume and change in mix that’s affected the margin principally. So we’re doing a lot of things to improve it. I don’t want to characterize too much where we think we can get it to at this early point. We will talk more about that in December. So hopefully, you can kind of hold-off a little bit until we get to that point.
Tom Ackerman: Ross, I missed the last part of your question. So I’ll try to answer it as best as I could based on what I heard before that. We’re clearly comfortable with our leverage as it is today. I do think we would be comfortable with a somewhat higher leverage. But in our view we have a split investment grade rating, we are an investment grade rated by Standard & Poor’s and a notch or two below that for Moody’s, and we do like that split rating. So in order for us to keep that, we have to maintain appropriate leverage probably slightly below where we are today, so we’re actually working toward that.  And as I mentioned, our capital deployment would be in stock purchases, debt pay down and smaller acquisitions, so I think the balancing between the three of them will be what we do on the M&A front, and that will sort of dictate our flexibility on both debt and share repurchases. But in the near term, as I said, I would anticipate we would continue to buy moderate levels of stock, and we’d probably continue to pay down some debt, and that will be a little bit dependent on whether or not there is any M&A activity in the near term. So hopefully that answers the rest of your question. If not, we can always follow-up later.
Tom Ackerman: Well, I think some of the factors that are important as I said little bit earlier is pricing. We do think pricing has stabilized, so I don’t see in the nearer term pricing adding instability either in the downside or unfortunately on the upsides. So I think we’ve been in a stable mode for a while. So it’s a little bit above volume. Jim talked about some of the difficulties in the regulated GLP safety assessment work that we have been seeing.  And – but on the bright side we have been getting more inquiries and actually have been seeing more work on the non-GLP side referencing our recent partnership and other activity that we’ve actually had with other clients currently and discussions that we’re having with larger clients more prospectively. So we do get that as a little bit of a shift and hopefully we can accelerate that beyond what we’ve seen in GLP safety assessment.  While the GLP safety assessment outlook hasn’t been great recently, we do think ultimately there will be more activity on that as companies refocus their energies away from late-stage clinical trials and get more molecules notwithstanding the fact that the paradigm has probably changed from what it was a couple of three years ago.  We do think that ultimately that market will get a little bit better in the GLP area, we just don’t see it in the very near term, so we’re looking at more work on some of the partnerships that we talked about. And so if we can continue to push the volume there in conjunction with efficiencies and actions that we’re taking, we – hopefully we can continue to improve the margin, but it’s difficult at this time to, A, set an expectation for 2012 and probably even give you a realistic target of where we think we can be in a couple of years as an example. So hopefully that helps.
Tom Ackerman: It’s a good question, but unfortunately it’s also very complicated. I do think we’re making good progress at our cost reductions. We do have some businesses that are growing, so we’re actually spending some money in businesses that are growing as you would expect us to do that I think you might have alluded to that. We also had some increases outside of the cost reductions in terms of merit increases in 2011, some level of incremental bonuses, although they will be lower than we expected at the beginning of the year. So we continue to make cost reductions and I think we’re doing well against our target.  It’s being masked a little bit by the erosion in some cases in the PCS volume where we’re cutting cost but at the same time sales is eroding and therefore it appears that we’re not making inroads against cost certainly from a margin perspective. As I said, we did provide merit increases earlier in the year and some level of increase in bonuses. So I think a lot of the cost savings that we’re making are being masked, but I do think that we’re actually making good progress against our stated goals, and we’ll continue to do that.
Tom Ackerman: Yes, I would essentially echo what Jim said. We did talk a little bit about the fourth quarter in terms of volume in preclinical sequentially. I think at this particular volume level, I would say the margins are pretty much troughed. There could be a little durability depending on mix and things like that, but I would characterize that in a small range of variance as opposed to a wide. So hopefully, we’ll see volume pickup, and we can leverage the margins. But I think based on where we are for volume and unfortunately Q3 was lower than we thought it might be at the beginning of the year, that’s really what’s put pressure on the margins. And 2011 has really been the change in volume and to probably a lesser extent, the change in study mix.James Kumpel – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
