James Foster: Yes. Sure. It's always related to infrastructure and capacity management, and usually, reductions by these clients. So we saw some more of that. The business is on linear so it's pretty difficult to call the quarters, but pharma has been reducing their overall R&D footprint for several years. As we said previously, we are disproportionately impacted by that since we're the principal supplier to big pharma. So China continues to be really strong for us. We'll continue to be -- services had a strong quarter. Organic surprise is probably seen on the academic marketplace and the nongovernmental clients as some of them have an offset to the pharma reductions, but nothing unusual, Tycho.
James Foster: Not really. That was to be anticipated for sure. We're the largest player in the research model space. So they will continue to be a competitor of ours. They compete with us in some of the species that we produce; and others, we don't participate in at all. So the sort of standalone business that's left at Envigo will be a competitor of ours as it has historically, primarily in price, I would say, as opposed to really deep science. And the combination of Covance and the former Hannington will -- obviously makes a larger player on the international field in safety assessment. We're about 50% larger than they are at this [indiscernible]. And we will continue to distinguish ourselves with deeper science and greater geographic dispersion than they. The market is a really good one. Between the 2 of us, we have about half the markets. So there are much, much smaller players so there's a balance. There's de novo work appearing all the time from new clients -- biotech clients that's available to any of us. And so we feel we are very good about the strength of our franchise, really good about the three deals we've done in the last 3 years, WIL, MPI and now Citoxlab, and just the enormous geographic and scientific footprint that we have. So to be expected, I would say there's some change. We acknowledge and accept that. We're feeling increasingly safe -- increasingly a stronger franchise.
James Foster: We did. We can disclose it again to you now. So we saw some unusual activity in our system in the middle of March. We don't know what that was or where that was or what was going on, and we worked arduously with federal law enforcement and some cybersecurity experts to figure out what was going on. It took us a while to do that. We found that some data had been copied. And it took us until just recently, April 30, to discern what clients were impacted and how they were impacted. We've contacted all of those clients, by the way. So they tell us that caught it extremely quickly. It takes most people much longer to do that. So I think our systems identified something unusual, and we were able to identify specifically who was impacted and contact them immediately. So we're feeling not good about the incident but really good about our response time and how clients have taken the information we provided them.
James Foster: We think that eventually we'll have our entire portfolio and footprint in China, principally for the Chinese market. And as we've said a couple of times previously, M&A in that space, which is our preferred methodology of entering China, is tough given the evaluations and the public markets over there. So we'll minimally wait until that market cools off, assuming that it ever does. And if not, we'll have to look seriously at -- on going at it organically. There's a big market for us in the RMS business so we're going to stay focused on that for a while. It's going to require us to continue to build sites and reeducate the marketplace, which we've been doing very well. We have some RMS services associated with the research models business. So in time, I would say nothing imminent. I wouldn't expect anything for -- in the immediate future though.
James Foster: So the customer overlap is slightly less than the overlap for MPI, so similar. We would remind you that with both WIL and MPI, clients have gone there for a specific reason and not come to us, probably because they wanted to work with a smaller company. So they were now clients of a larger company. And in both instances, we worked really thoughtfully and arduously to retain those clients, and we didn't lose any. So similarly, with this deal, we have a bunch of new clients who went to Citox for a host of reasons: history, reputation, whatever, geographic proximity. We will very carefully service those clients in the geographies that they're in. We will -- and we hope that we will derive the same results that we had with the other 2 deals, which is that we have immediately had former MPI and WIL clients use multiple CRL sites and vice versa. So legacy Charles River clients now happily -- have happily audited in utilizing WIL and MPI sites. We think the same thing will happen with Citoxlab. And as I've said in my prepared remarks, and we've been saying this for a while now, I just want to reiterate it because it's critically important, client mobility is something we're focusing a lot on. And so that's clients being pleased to do their work at multiple Charles River sites. So we can take advantage of our infrastructure and keep it full. They can start studies faster. And if that's what's important to them, they can start studies more closely related -- more close to them. Without getting too specific, I would say that the growth rates for the company we just bought is similar to what we've been seeing in our marketplace. We feel that the market dynamics are as good as we've ever seen them. Bookings and backlog are strong, and we're going to work really hard at the integration so that it's seamless and effective. And we will be surprised and disappointed if we're not able to retain these clients as well.
James Foster: We're going to do the best we can to achieve maximum price given the complexity of the studies we're performing and the costs of running this business. And it's all based upon the demand. So we would hope that demand continues so we continue to be able to get price. How much we can increase it is -- we'll see what the market throws at us. So we really don't want to get more specific than that, particularly immediately on the heels of all this consolidation. I just don't think it's appropriate. But we are pleased with the price that we've been getting. And that we, without knowing exactly what's going on behind closed doors, we would expect that the competition is exacting price as well. So I think the market is healthy and that buyers are pleased that they have high-quality scientific enterprises to work for them and don't have to make that internal investment. And I think we're all poised to continue to improve both the top and bottom line of our business going forward.
David Smith: Okay. So I'll take that. Obviously, margin is an important question for us, and I know it's an important question for you. So why don't I go through all the pieces? So you should be familiar with -- Q1 is normally down. Seasonality and Biologics is the fringe. Q1 was 50 basis points down further than last year. So that needs explaining. 60 basis points of that is 3 components: The largest component to that is the compensation structure adjustment that we announced in July last year. The second largest component to that is the Biologics capacity expansion. Another smaller piece was the drag on the NIAID contract. So those 3 pieces make up 60 basis points. And just talking about the Biologics capacity, just to comment on that. Manufacturing had a 90 basis points degradation, 80 basis points is added entirely attributed to the capacity expansion. So that's breaking out the quarterly pieces. We did expect DSA to be slightly better. It was flat. I will call out that the compensation structure adjustment gives us 60 basis points -- slightly, slightly over 60 basis points headwind in the quarter for DSA. In Q3, we had a similar headwind. Q4 last year, we had a similar headwind. Both of those quarters, we had margin improvement year-over-year. So we were expecting to see that in Q1, but we were flat. Notwithstanding that, there's -- it's not a linear business. We've had some investments in staffing in Q1, which we'll see the benefits in the second quarter. As Jim called out, we will see margin improvement, and going forward, second half of the year will be better than the first half of year. It's not unusual for DSA, and particularly Safety Assessment, to have a stronger second half than the first half. And so that will enable us to have some confidence for the remaining year's margin. And then we did call out that we got a bit of a drag going forward on Citoxlab, mid-teen margin, similar to what we had with WIL. We did successfully walk WIL margins up in the two years that we promised. And we will and still expect to be able to do that we Citoxlab going forward as well.
David Smith: Well, just to give you a little bit more color then. If you look at Safety Assessment and you look historically, historically, just going back to the few years, so recent history, we've had a second half in Safety Assessment being greater than the first half by somewhat over 50 basis points, so just under 500 basis points. So there are different reasons for that. Some is price. Last year, we talked about the long-term steady mix. This year, it is a little bit of that anniversarying the compensation structure adjustment. We did beat that in the second half of the year of last year. So really, it's -- there isn't much more the cook -- pull out. It's just that we're not a linear business. We've had some of the investments in staffing to support the really strong and robust revenue growth that you've seen this morning. And we're expecting that to have [indiscernible] as we go through the year, we needed to staff up for the demand that we were seeing in our order books, et cetera. So again, yes, to reaffirm, we would expect the Q2 to be above the 20% margin. And as we move through the year -- the second half of the year, we'll be better than the first half.
David Smith: So why don't I unpack that a little bit for you? So as Jim called out, we're not expecting that to be a material impact for the year. It is still early days. We've got some preliminary assessments which give us that confidence, particularly in the remediation aspect. We will -- we've got insurance to -- which will partly cover some of those costs. It won't cover it all. So the third-party, adviser-related to cybersecurity costs to do with the remediation aspect, some of that will be non-GAAP. But for anything that's internal or anything to do with the enhancement that will continue to be part of our business, I'm not sure that will be in corporate. Some of it will be spread but not -- I wouldn't like to characterize that as a major drag either for total Charles River, and therefore, not for DSA.
David Smith: So on Citoxlab, $8 million to $10 million of synergies over 2 years. We -- similar to when we did WIL, MPI, we didn't break out that synergy in-year. So we haven't broken out how much of that will fall into 2019. However, once we have achieved the $8 million to $10 million, that does enable us to get Citoxlab's margins up to the 20% mark, which is, of course, our first and initial target. In terms of your second question, which is around the expansion of, I think, did you say DSA? Or should I talk...
David Smith: Yes. Well, we have -- as I've just mentioned just a moment ago, we do expect that to improve as we go through the second half of the year. I'm not quite sure what more color I can provide.
David Smith: Well, I guess the conversation goes back to the linearity of DSA. I mean as I mentioned before, we've had history where we've had Safety Assessment second half over 50 and under 500. That just shows you the difference that can happen in the second half of year compared to the first half of year. So we constantly reminded people we're not a linear business. We are holding true to the guidance for the full year. We're holding to the guidance in terms of the DSA's ability to grow. Yes, as I acknowledged, we didn't see as much pull-through in the first quarter in the margin as we had hoped, but we at least were level despite the 60 basis points headwind from the compensation structure adjustment. The macroeconomics look good. And we've seen -- feel confident that when we annualize some of these headwinds, like the stock -- the compensation adjustment, et cetera, that, that will help improve the margins for the second half of the year.
David Smith: So again, we -- there wasn't -- the only thing I've mentioned in terms of the first quarter that's a little unusual was there was some timing of investments around staffing to support the growth rate that we're expecting for Q2, et cetera. There is inevitably a component of mix in there and inevitably a component of price. So those clearly take place within a quarter-to-quarter basis. But really, what we're trying to guide you towards is that we still feel confident for the full year.
David Smith: So there's no impact from that. But while I've got the floor, I'll just comment a little bit about why we said a little bit more about the interest. So many of you will be aware that EURIBOR is negative. Our credit agreement didn't actually allow us to access that. We have a floor of 0. So to get around that, we used a forward derivative FX contract. Essentially what this does is you get -- you borrow in US dollars, and therefore, the interest rate goes up. But the actual FX contract has a gain component and a loss component. The gain component actually goes into interest line and actually pulls the interest down. The loss component actually goes into other income. So what we were articulating is when you bring all of those components together, we then got to the -- just over the $16 million, $16.2 million of interest, which is down from Q4 of last year.
David Smith: So there is -- yes. This forward derivative, we do it quarter-by-quarter. We lock in each quarter so we've got no exposure. And it depends what the FX does and the EURIBOR rate does. So it's not a big gain. I mean if everything held true for the remainder of the year, we're talking about $1 million. So it's not a great improvement, but it is an improvement, and well, we'd rather have $1 million than not.
David Smith: Yes. That was the investments in staffing, which I mentioned. And to Dave's earlier question, there is an element of mix and price. But it's not so significant that it's a particular individual item that we wanted to call out. When we look at the full year, we see the corrections taking place.
