Jim Foster: Yeah, Eric. We're investing capacity thoughtfully, aggressively, geographically multiple sites at once, not dissimilar to what we've done historically. We're continually reviewing where we think the demand will be for the next few years and ensuring that our capacity meets our - because that capacity is sufficient to accommodate that. I don't think it's a bad thing that clients are reserving space earlier, which allows us to plan better, and obviously gets us greater visibility from a staffing and expense point of view. It also provides a more orderly business model, frankly, and it's not all that dissimilar to the way it was years ago, where we had similar types of demand even other client base was quite different. So, where, you know I'd say the principal conversations around here are ensuring - working hard and ensuring that we have sufficient headcount and physical capacity to accommodate the demand, not just in safety by the way, obviously, safety is our biggest business. So principally, the conversation goes there, but certainly across Biologics and Discovery and other business and certainly China as well where it's relatively focusing on - and ensuring  sufficient capacity, it's what we put this portfolio together for to service the clients that they outsource more work. So, we are very much on top of that, Eric.
Jim Foster: Yeah, nothing really significant, just certain raw material costs are kind of higher at the moment. So supply chain issues that, you know, lots of businesses are having I think that's quite transitory. Mic that is still quite good within that business and the growth rate really was terrific. So just kind of kind of short-term blip.
Jim Foster: Yeah, I think it's a pretty solid portfolio, Tycho. You know, we have the cells, which it's a Cell Therapy, obviously, there is no Cell Therapy R&D, will scale up without that. So we'd like that we started first with that, we now have significant capability in Cell Therapy, Manufacturing, particularly modified cell therapies. And you know we have this viral vector and plasmid DNA capability on both sides of the pond now in the US and Europe, which give us a substantial capability as well. There may be some nuances. And of course, we're always looking at M&A opportunity. So I want to get too specific stuff, just to say that I think that M&A will be principally around in just increased scale and enhanced geographic dispersion and diversity and growth. I do think that not unlike other businesses, geographic proximity, you know, when you're dealing with live cells is not unimportant and would be beneficial. And clients still like the ability to be relatively close to their external providers of services, if possible. So there still a fair number of assets out there that we're quite interested in, there are a variety of sizes, I'd say most of them are on a smaller side, several hundred ones, we may have one of course and those are no longer available. If we are unable, for whatever reason or unwilling because of the price point, to buy and meet the targets we currently have, I think we do have a very - we have a terrific installed base and the growth rates will be such that will become a big business. And of course, just want to remind you that we look at the Cell & Gene Therapy assets, which are whatever it is now 18 months to 24 months old, we look at those very much in combination with our Biologics business, which is very high growth right now, you heard us talk about north of 20%, terrific capacity here, those businesses that join that they have to the testing of those Cell & Gene Therapy products before they go into the clinic, and hopefully, after they're approved, before they go into patients will be just as essential as the contract manufacturing pieces of it. So, we're thrilled to be able to piece those together. Pretty big portfolio now. I think that - we didn't update it on this call, but we said you know it's Cell & Gene Therapy revenues are greater than 10% of the total Charles River, is a big number and it's going to grow disproportionately fast. So, very pleased with the portfolio.
Jim Foster: Really good. While we certainly got, and are enjoying enhanced outsourcing from clients that did work themselves or didn't use us or used us partially, and we really proved the value proposition that we have by staying open and doing this great work. The mark - by putting aside that COVID pop, as it were, this significant demand - increasing demand for GEMS models and specialty models and more complex models and more translational models, for sure. This IS businesses increasingly more interesting. The CRADL you know, these CRADL locations and principally in Cambridge, Mass and South San Francisco and eventually other important parts of the world, above high revenue generators, high margin businesses and significant feeders to other parts of our business, particularly service enterprises. So being in those environments, but you know, being part of that Cambridge, cameo - sort of Kendall Square universe has been critically important to ourselves. I think the growth rates and margin contributions are absolutely sustainable in those businesses, and we will continue to expand capacity growth in the current places that we are located, but also we're going to add new sites as well.
Jim Foster: Yeah. So huge investments by the Chinese government in the life sciences, venture capital firms are aplenty and so we're seeing significant investment in sort of classic and new pharma companies and mostly biotech companies. So but while I don't personally think the market will overtake the US, I think it's going to be the second largest market for sure. Yeah, I mean, provides enormous demand for us. You know, I think look, we'll always try to get more price to general proposition, including in China. So, I wouldn't say, otherwise. You know, that the cost structure is significantly lower than other parts of the world as to the price points, but the margins are comparable. We have to be careful, given the fact that we have lower - you know, we have a lot of local Chinese competitors, who I think in part or in whole financed by the government, and so they have the ability to really go after us always on price, just like we've seen in the US and Europe. I mean, our RMS competitors worldwide principally compete with us on price and not so much of quality or service. But having said that, you know, we'll continue to drive price as much as we can, because of course, costs go up in China as well. And of course, we've - we're growing at least the RMS franchise very nicely. So lots of investments and services, IS, GEMS, et cetera, lab testing in China, and significant investments in new production facilities. Your second question is a tough one to answer. So, I just remind you, we have a large and growing RMS business, we have - we actually have a large Microbial business. It's just that since the testing isn't regulated over there, the total revenue contribution is relatively modest. And we have recently within the last 12 months, done sort of a joint venture in our Biologics business which we're pretty excited about, because we have many of our major competitors over there. I think as a general proposition we would like to do everything that we do in China. And we certainly would like to do Discovery and Safety. And as we've said countless times, M&A multiples are a real deterrent for us. I mean, there's no way we can rationally buy companies over there to build out our portfolio without crushing our return. So we're not going to do that. So the issue for us is, when do we want to enter? And how do we do that thoughtfully and fiscally responsibly with sort of a JV type thing like we've done with Biologics that's always a possibility and/or greenfield, our activities there, which is, you know, it's slower which we wouldn't like that. It's obviously the less money than buying a company. But it's not insignificant. We're just going to have to keep continue to evaluate the market demand, I would tell you that we are so busy, as you know, from our numbers in the US and Europe that we have lots of work and great growth rates and escalating operating margins without the complexity and some of the challenges of doing work in China. So we're not particularly frustrated with it right now. I would say it's a longer-term strategic conversation that we're having all the time within Charles River.
Jim Foster: Definitely in our guidance. So what we've told you about the accretion of those businesses to our top line to our EPS and improving operating margin, is real. Both of those businesses have a significant amount of available capacity, by that, I mean, you know, they were in that process of expanding capacity when we bought both of them more actually. So that will continue. It's a significant amount of space. It's - you know it's an interesting one, John, the business is so potentially so explosive, the ability to take clients, particularly in the Manufacturing pieces in the pure CDMO piece for modified cell therapies to take those from clinical production to commercial, which we can see with a couple of the clients, at least, depending on how impactful those new drugs are, will lead up a lot of capacity. So we're just going to have to live through, we're going to always have to have incremental capacity available, by that, I mean, you know, rent space have a plan to finish it either all at once or in slices sort of, you know, chunk that's out there and stay very close to the clients, how the drugs are doing, what phase they're in, how well financed, are they - what's the competitive scenario and you know we're doing that really well. So, I think we're in a very good place right now, as we see capacity for the next I don't know, a couple of years. But we're going to have to stay ahead of it. You know, the guidance that we gave recently about, we anticipate that CapEx will be you know around 7% of our revenue that incorporates and accommodates for significant growth, certainly in Safety, certainly in Discovery and certainly in the CDMO business, which is obviously a new business for us. I don't think it's particularly more capital-intensive in lots of other things that we do, and I know that. But - and particularly that, that the Cell Therapy type of work that we're doing is, I'm not saying it's not capital-intensive, but it's not as intensive as some other aspects of the CDMO space. So, we think we have our arms around for the scale, growth and cost.
Jim Foster: Yeah, I mean, you know, we see it progressing well. If you look at - just if you look certainly at most of our large clients, I would say that they buy most and some buy everything that we sell, all our products and all of our services. So, you know, we are an increasingly - increasingly more important provider, significant spend with those companies we're dealing with very senior people there, and they look at us as an essential provider of a whole bunch of things that they need. The smaller the clients get, particularly our biotech clients while many of them are pre-revenue, lots of them are public and they've got $10 billion or $15 billion or $20 billion market caps. So they're not smaller companies. And they have - while they may have the money, they have no, as I said in my prepared remarks, zero desire to build these things out internally. And I think that's going to get increasingly more nuanced, that they're going to have less of a desire, particularly in things like Cell & Gene Therapy or Biologics Testing or for sure, Safety. So, the broader the portfolio, I think, the more client capture that we have. We're already seeing almost immediately, as I commented on briefly in my remarks, clients who are working with Cognate and Vigene interested in the broader range of services that Charles River has. And conversely, clients that we're working with Charles River very interested that we now have the Cell & Gene Therapy capabilities. So you know, everything is about speed to market with all of these companies, regardless of their size, and the ability to work with a - as much - to as much as possible with a single source to kind of get the pricing behind you. And I have to renegotiate every step of the way, definitely accelerates the whole process. Also as some of these small companies, our regulatory capabilities really helpful to them to kind of guide them for their FDA filings or filings with other regulatory agencies around the world. So, given the fact that there were 3,000 Cell & Gene Therapy drugs in development, two-thirds of which are in preclinical, a lot of how - hopefully a large number of which we are already working with that we'll to work with, having these capabilities was really essential for us to participate in a really large portion of the marketplace.
Jim Foster: No, take a pay yet. Frankly surprises me if I was in the client's shoes, I would do that. Just to protect myself, so I could go to the front of the line and not have to get in line. But that's their business and their call. So yeah every once in a while we get quite a serious question about that. So what would that look like? And we give them a quote and I guess it's too expensive. We're really pleased with the price. You know, we're not going to disclose the prices we haven't for years, but we're really pleased with the pricing you know we're getting in Safety. You know, with the studies continued to be incredibly complex, more complex than it used to be oftentimes, end points are added as the drug progresses and looks more promising those days get more expensive. And, you know, we continue to have a nice mix between what we call, general toxicology and special toxicology which provides sort of an enhancement to the overall price paradigm. You know, we have to be conscious cognizant and professional about the pricing, because not unlike so many of our other businesses, like RMS for instance, we have competitors, particularly smaller ones that compete with us principally on price, allegedly on speed and flexibility, which is not true, I like to play the card that Charles River must be too slow, because it's so big that's just not true. So and when we have new opportunities to get on new work, unless we're trying to take work from our competitor, we're pretty much always driving the price out. So I would say that pricing is increasingly, it's certainly an important focus of our clients. But I would say as demand has intensified and as capacity continues to fill, even with new capacity being built, that price is not the first thing that clients talk about, and I think that provide some opportunities for us. We've been pretty pleased with that pricing yield for the last, I'd say three years anyway, and I wouldn't anticipate any change in that going forward.
