Jim Foster: So Eric, we have a similar client base. So, I’d say that highly complementary, their client base is largely small and medium size biotech clients and obviously that's been the major driver of our growth. As we said in our remarks, it's a very large facility, 1 million square feet, conservatively larger than the ones that we have. Facility has some capacity available, which we think is extremely opportune, both in terms of its geographic footprint and the scale and diversity of what they do at that site. It will allow us to expand smoothly into new space as we need it, probably in lieu of building it out somewhere else. So we think this will be a highly strategic facility addition to our portfolio and one that expands our capabilities in a few new areas, but also expands some of the areas that we are currently participating in a more robust way.
Jim Foster: I don't think we have a lot of details on that yet. So I'm going to modify my answer by saying that I suspect that they are meaningful client of ours. And we'll have to get back to you on the extent of that. Most of the large CROs are meaningful clients of us. So I suspect at least in part, Eric, this will add to our assertion that our largest client of the RMS business is indeed our DSA business as well. And additionally, regardless of what percentage of their research models came from us, we would hope to have an opportunity to supply more to them and there is just great operational elegance and symmetry in that, as we've seen in France in particular and as we've seen in other parts of our business across the world. The supply of the animal models is obviously critically important from both a timing point of view and the diversity of models point of view.
Jim Foster: So, it's multi-factorial as we've discussed previously. It's the mix of work principally between specialty and general tox, which we tend to have more specialty than most. There will be some price. There will be continued enhanced capacity utilization. I think some of the aggressive hiring that we have been undertaking should moderate because we're close to being caught up. We continue to drive efficiency, as David said in his remarks, we saved 65 million -- we drove 65 million of efficiency savings in ’17. It's going to be 60 to 65 again. A lot of that is in safety and some of that is in discovery. And while WIL’s margins got to where we wanted them to be north of 20%, they're still lower than legacy Charles River. So we have margin accretion there. We’re happy that we’re starting with MPI, with margins higher than WIL’s where when we acquired them, but also lower than legacy Charles River. So we feel that there is improvement there. And then, the last piece with regard to the DSA segment is margin improvement in discovery as a whole. So when you roll that up, maybe, you want to talk about just safety or just DSA, we should have improving margins and we believe commensurate with the long term goals that we just upgraded.
Jim Foster: So. We're very pleased, as you say, to have two significant contributors to the company, take on large responsibilities, particularly as the company gets larger, I mean, just the advent of MPI makes us a larger more complex business. So we have to continue to parcel out the work to additional shoulders and of course there's a whole range of people who will be working with that for the two of them, who have new and different and somewhat enhanced jobs. As I said in my remarks, I look forward to continuing to work closely with them. We flagged the five year horizon for two reasons. One is that we look at the world that's in five year chunks, commensurate with our strategic plan and we really do think we can double the size of the business. I did not say explicitly in my remarks, but I will say explicitly in response to this question that I have just signed a five year contract with the company. So I intend to stay here and participate significantly, principally in my current role and more and more strategic focus I would say going forward.
Jim Foster: MPI has been performing extremely well, at least at the same growth rates we have enjoyed. The diversity of their capabilities I think has made them an important partner for lots of companies, particularly small and large high-growth biotech clients. And we're confident because of their scientific footprint, and capability, and client interface, that they will be able to continue at similar growth rates going forward. We didn't justify this deal from a valuation model point of view on sales synergies. There are some cost synergies, so we called out. We of course have had some sales synergies with WIL. We'll really work hard to have clients have a positive experience with Charles River generally, and specifically with our MPI capabilities. So we would be disappointed if we didn't have some sales synergies, but premature to call those out specifically.
Jim Foster: Sure. So, obviously we're in multiple markets that are somewhat disparate. I suspect your question is about DSA or maybe just SA. If it isn't let me know. So just to talk about that, our sense is that biotech is the principal driver, even though pharma is aggressively dismantling space and outsourcing a lot of work, we have some really interesting conversations going on right now with some big pharma companies to do more for them, both individually and collectively. But biotech has an enormous infusion of capital from the capital markets and directly from VC investments in big pharma. And so we think between being extremely well financed, having multiple breakthrough technologies, and the fact that, while not an enormous number, more drugs were approved last year than the year before. That the market dynamics are as good as we have ever seen them. And the breadth of our portfolio and our client interface, as evidenced by the fact that we work on 74% of the drugs that were approved last year, and we think that's a number that could increase, sort of puts us -- the epicenter might be an overstatement, but we're sort of in the middle of demand and needs that both pharma and biotech have to do work for them, and instead of them doing it internally, and in some cases to work -- to provide the interface between clients. We would say that the safety assessment market as a whole is growing at about 5%. So we have been growing in excess of the market. Obviously the denominator is getting bigger. We're pleased with the growth rate, we're pleased to be growing ahead of the market, we're pleased with an opportunity to continue to improve the margins. We're pleased with the scale and diversity of our clients, and our ability to play a greater role. And one of the raison d'êtres of the organizational change with Davide and Birgit and others who are working with them besides their own talent, is the opportunity and necessity for us to have greater pull-through from Discovery into Safety, and some working backwards with clients -- current Safety clients who want to do Discovery work with us. And so managing those businesses as one without any demarcation from an operating point of view or a sales and marketing point of view, we believe we'll be very meaningful in terms of supporting the growth rates going forward.
Jim Foster: So, there's multiple pieces that should contributed to the high single-digit growth rate. RMS delivering at low double digits, which it was very low -- sorry, low single digits. It was very low single-digit in '17. So we think as China grows and the services businesses grow, we should be able to do that. That's still a large business for it, albeit one that isn't growing as quickly as it was historically, although the China growth rates are significant. And as we indicated in our prepared remarks, it was capacity constrained in the back-half of the year, so going forward, as we build more sites that should be significant. Discovery has also been a drag. And so we feel confident going forward that we should get an uplift there. We feel we should get continual uplift in safety as we provide more solutions to clients. And I guess most importantly, as we really get to execute and derive the benefit of having both Discovery and Safety and using them more in a comprehensive way, I think we've been a bit too siloed in the way we've thought about it, and sold it, and the way the clients have heard about it. Plus, Discovery still is feeling like a new business to a lot of clients. And so I think managing and selling in a more holistic basis should be extremely powerful. And then we would expect manufacturing to continue to deliver low double-digit organic growth rates. The Avian business has been a bit of a drag lately. We should be freed up from that as well. The whole notion for us, I think our principal and distinct competitive advantage is the breadth and diversity of the portfolio. And I think every year we're telling that story better, and every year we're having more of a pull-through, we're having more clients buy more from us than less, because it's a better value proposition, and it's better for them to manage that. I think as we continue to invest aggressively in our current businesses and add to that portfolio through M&A, and perhaps add some additional capabilities through M&A that that should also fuel the organic growth going forward.
Jim Foster: So, I'm going to let David talk about leverage in a second. But I just want to remind you that we like to hang out below three turns. So that's kind of our goal as we come off of acquisitions. Obviously this is the big one. We have a lot of confidence in our ability to integrate this one well because we did a really good job with WIL, probably our best integration effort and result. They're obviously not the same company, but WIL had multiple sites, and this is a single site, so we feel that we're going to be able to focus on this WIL. And of course we have a guy who was a senior WIL executive who is running a WIL site now and a Charles River site who's going to be full time on the integration. So we have a really strong feeling that the integration will go well. Having said that, we need to close it, and we hope that will be early in the second quarter, and then we need to get to work on the integration. And I think we need to do that before we move on to the next deal. Having said that, we have been active across multiple fronts, obviously in Safety, as you've just heard, definitely in Discovery, and in a few areas that we're not in, in Discovery. We actually have opportunities across most of our businesses, including RMS, including Biologics, including Microbial, and for sure in China. And what the cadence of those deals will be, it would be inappropriate for me to say because we can't really control it. But we have a very clear line of sight on what we would like to buy, what we can afford, and how we will feather those into the portfolio over the next, let's say, three to five years. And the whole purpose is not just scale. The purpose is to have a much better value proposition or much greater service offering for our clients, all of whom want that. So whether you're a second-year startup biotech company or the biggest pharma company, you just want to stop doing this work yourselves. And you don't want to find 15 partners to do it; you'd prefer to have one or two. So, we feel very good about our ability to afford these deal -- find them, afford them, and integrate them, and increasingly to promote them. And I'll let David talk to you about leverage.
Jim Foster: So, a little bit tough to slice that cleanly since so much of what's biotech sort of -- grey areas as it becomes pharma, and there's so much money from pharma going directly into biotech. So we don't spend as much time on the demarcation as we would like to. I think the last time we did at pharma was kind of 25% to 30%. And the biotech clients were probably 50% or 60%. I think academic was around 20%, so yeah, biotech -- biotech and other, which includes chemical companies and agricultural companies and CROs, et cetera. So, there's no question that we have a disproportionately fast growth in biotech clients which should continue. And so that demarcation between biotech and pharma to the extent that it's an important one will become even greater. And so we're spending a lot of our time thinking about how we do a better job communicating with and servicing clients who are in a race to get to market, and some of whom have a single compound, but we have organized ourselves to do that well.
Jim Foster: Yes, we obviously don't think that's where we're headed, or we would have said that. We are confident that we will continue to get price. We always have, and always do. We get appropriate levels of price. And this is not a business -- this is not an activity that clients engage in. So animals are procured externally, and they're critical to getting your work done, so we will get price. We have a unique, and exquisite, and large geographic footprint even through we're trimming it with the Maryland facility, and have trimmed it previously. And if we had to, we hopefully don't, but if we had to we would trim it further if the demand wasn't there. We think we have growth opportunities principally in US, and secondarily in Europe to grow our share in the academic market, where I would say while we have significant dollar revenue we could have more. We have a huge pharma footprint and a huge biotech footprint, and a growing academic one. So I think that's in the offering. We will continue to have more specialty models that are higher value, and potentially higher margins. And the service businesses are performing well. They're not high-growth businesses, but they're low to approaching kind of mid-single-digit growers. They look good geographically. We have strong capabilities. So those should continue. Those aren't services that clients want to engage in internally. And of course, China is the big growth area, and it is a very nascent market, with competitors that I think we are doing well against, and continue to do well against. And it's really all about building out capacity -- sufficient capacity in advance of the demand. And it has the potential to be large enough to really stabilize the growth rate for this business. And we believe ensure that low single-digit growth that we were talking about.
Jim Foster: If you’re talking about exact dollar amounts, we haven't given those. I would describe those businesses as quite small, but highly strategic from a scientific point of view. So, Brains On-Line enhances our CNS franchise, KWS enhances our oncology franchise, but they're not moving the needle very much in terms of top-line contribution.
Jim Foster: We had a similar opportunity; let's put it that way, with WIL. We had a lot more small clients who had great expectations on personalized service, because we try to give personalized service to all of our clients. And so, I think we've done a very thoughtful professional job in making those clients feel good, keeping them close to us, and to the extent that they wanted to continue to work at a WIL site with the same study director; nothing really has changed. So we're going to be very cognizant and sensitive about the same need and desire from MPI clients and change as little as possible, except to probably have more consistency across SOPs and allow them the opportunity to work with other Charles River sites to get to no other Charles River sites and get to work with them if they want to. And if they are delighted with where they're at, which I suspect most of them will be, then we will preserve those opportunities for them. So we are buying this company because we think it's a very good company, with happy clients, they had a nice growth rate, they're profitable, they do very good science. And our responsibility is to embrace that and to extent that we can enhance the science and some of the capabilities, we will do that. To the extent that we can't enhance them, then we won't, we will herald what they're capable of doing. In terms of cost synergies, we've been working really hard for approaching a decade on driving efficiency. It's something that we've done progressively better from year-to-year. It's hard work. And we believe we can provide them with the same capabilities while enhancing their work. So that's an opportunity that we are excited about.
Jim Foster: We wouldn't anticipate that, does it as client basis significantly different, and the WIL client base, having said that, this deal has just been signed. We really haven't spent a lot of time studying this nor have we had access to lot of those materials. So we will be working our way through that during this interim integration period pre-close. We also have a team that look at client's worthiness in terms of ability to pay, letting down -- we do ask them pay ahead and actually we have had historically a very low bad debt write-off in our industry and in Charles River as well.
Jim Foster: Sure. Very, very pleased with our VC relationship. Some of those as you know we are LPs and some we are not. The relationships are slightly different when we are LPs just in terms of the level of activity, amongst and between us, and more strategy with regard to therapeutic area of focus and some M&A. But increasingly the VCs like to work with us and get the benefit of our science and capability and value as if they were one large client, which is kind of the way we work with them to ensure that they have access to us in great response times. None of these little companies will ever, that's probably a fair statement, ever internalize the capabilities that we provide to them now. So, we are providing a significantly important capability for them. And of course you get so many new companies mentored by these VCs every year that access to this sort of work is really critical, we get the drugs filed, and to get them in market. I think the last time we reported on this, collective revenue from our VCs was approaching a 100 million. That should continue obviously to increase both as we have new services and we reach out to more VCs, and they meant more companies. So very, very important part directionally of our client base; most of the new companies are literally virtual, small number of people buying everything externally. All they own is IP, and they’re very much dependent upon us. And so, our job is to communicate effectively with them often, and to help them with regulatory filings and interpretation of data. And they really make us better. They really demand explicit science and fast turnaround time. So, we are enjoying our relationships with them a lot.
Jim Foster: Yes, it's bit of an imponderable. I mean there is always that risk we suppose. Those companies are exquisitely well-financed currently, there's multiple years of cash in the bank. There is more cash available, we believe if the companies hit the milestones and continue to get drugs on the market that are novel, and are treating or curing diseases, and pharma is very is becoming very much dependent, reliant on these companies as the discovery engines and of course end up buying some of the companies are minimally having a deal with them. So, it's not -- look, at anything's possible. It's not foreseeable at all. This is a fundamentally different market that we're in, and the scourge of 2008, in terms of numbers of biotech companies, in terms of prominence and success in terms of their getting drugs to market and relationships with pharmas and pharma company's independence on us. So, look, we watch those numbers carefully. We watch the sort of demand curve and the ebbs and flows from these clients to see if we have any even early indications of funding slowdowns. And we haven't heard anything from any clients that they have a concern, and I think it's unlikely for the long-term foreseeable future.
David Smith: So, the $13 million to $16 million is all to do with cost synergies, same as we did with WIL. We didn't feel at this stage we should be factoring in any revenue synergies. So our valuation model is based on the $13 million to $16 million in cost and slight subtlety with WIL. WIL, we said $17 million to $20 million over two years. With MPI, we're talking $13 million to $16 million by the end of '19, so slight difference in timeline there. As we've mentioned, we have called out that the LOI, the operating margin for MPI is slightly above 20%. And we do intend to be able to walk that up as we've been walking up on WIL to the sort of legacy safety assessment margins that we have.
David Smith: Yes, so about two years ago, when we bought WIL, we went to 3.5 turns. As we speak, at the end of 2017, we're actually at 2.2 turns. So it's interesting how it looks like it can be a bit of a repeat performance because the MPI acquisition will also take us back up to 3.5 turns, similar to where we were with WIL. And again, it is our intent to bring that leverage down below 3 turns.
David Smith: So, while I'm not really going to comment beyond 2019, but I am certainly happy to comment about MPI; MPI being based entirely in the US actually fits quite nicely into the 2018 guidance that we've given on 25% to 26%. So we actually don't think that the acquisition of MPI is going to distort the effective tax rate for '18.
