Jim Foster: I’m not sure it’s a fundamental difference, Dave. I think the clients by and large are rethinking what’s core. We’re having that conversation with virtually all of our clients, and things that they would never outsource historically, they are beginning to. Now, our discovery business is a relatively small business and relatively new one. And it’s an area that the large drug companies have never before even considered outsourcing. I think it’s directionally becoming an operational necessity for them and in certain instances we actually have a broader offering particularly in the In Vivo pharmacology area. So I think we’ll begin to see that. But again, you have to just remember the base upon which we’re calculating the increase. And these same clients on the safety assessment side, the regulated tox side, we're seeing variability amongst those clients. I would say that directionally outsourcing is afoot. It depends on where the companies are structurally. It depends on what the pipelines look like. And given that we have a preponderance of our sales coming from the large drug companies, those that have been slow to get on would reduce the infrastructure and therefore have either kept their work in-house or have reduced their pipeline so dramatically that the work isn’t flowing out as quickly as possible. But I’d say that the basic notion that the work directionally will be done in much smaller amount internally is what’s driving this whole paradigm shift. And I think that we’re seeing slightly better uptick in the discovery business only because of the sheer size of that business for us.
Jim Foster: Yeah, we restructured our sales force at the end of 2009 to put more emphasis on the sort of mid-tier kind of small pharma mid-sized biotech clients. So, we've been spending more time with them. We've seen less significant declines in that business segment. They are obviously net outsourcers and that is a group that's reasonably well funded both by the capital markets and by big pharma money. Some of that money is going to stabilize their businesses and not outsource, but generally I think, as a group they will continue to outsource in significant amounts. But from a comparative point of view I think the sheer size of the pharma companies and the sheer size of the business that they’re doing in the pre-clinical segment and particularly that work that’s still in-house and none of us have ever seen it, externally is – that's just a dramatically larger opportunity. So we’re obviously mindful about spending time in both segments with a greater emphasis in the mid-tier than we have over the past two years, but I think that directionally the pharma industry continues to be very important to us in terms of driving growth in the pre-clinical business.
Jim Foster: Yeah, Eric, we’re doing well in the government and academic sector. That’s another area where we have re-emphasized our sales focus. We just simply have more people on the ground, particularly focusing on where most of the money is coming in from the NIH and other places. Our academic sales have been up, I’d say, the last four years. I’d say they are up a little bit less at the moment than they were a year ago, but they continue to be up versus other segments that we have, number one. Number two, a fair amount of our business is pursuant to large long-term government contracts. We’ve got some new contracts this year as well. That’s a very good offset to whatever softness others are seeing in the government sector because once those contracts are locked in obviously we continue to get the revenue. And last thing I would say is, even in an area of – even in a space like this where there is some softness for others, research model purchases as a percentage of research study tend to be relatively trivial and we don’t see that sort of softness I think that others see. Particularly people providing expensive pieces of equipment, for instance. So, we continue to do well in that sector and its remaining reasonably stable versus what others are seeing.
Jim Foster: The last time we calculated it, I think it was about 22% worldwide. It’s a bigger portion of, for instance European research model sales and always has been just because it’s a greater proportion of our client base. In the U.S., we have a fairly significant number of government contracts and that’s increasing all the time. So, over the past few years that’s increased on a percentage basis in a meaningful way, but again a great preponderance of what we do is not in the academic sector.
Jim Foster: Our prices are holding up very nicely on a worldwide basis. We’ve had very little pushback and very good adoption across the world. We’ve had some intermittent aggressive pricing by several of our smaller competitors. We tend not to respond in kind because we believe that the quality and the value that we put into the process deserves a premium, which while small than it used to be, is still there. So most of our clients, particularly our large ones, are very interested in quality and consistency of supply and scientific input and oversight and the knowledge that the studies won’t be interrupted once they start with a particular species or strain. So our price increases we feel have always been appropriate and rational given the amount of investment we make in infrastructure and clients seem to agree with that.
Jim Foster: Yeah, what we said on the call was that we expected PCS to be similar for the second half of the year as the first half of the year. So, we really see trends sort of maintaining where they are in the first and second quarter, which was of course similar in margin to the first quarter, and of course the revenue was fairly similar as well. So, we don’t see a lot of change at this point in time for the second half versus the first half in PCS.
Jim Foster: We’re confident that we’re maintaining share in the pre-clinical business. I think our client base is stable. We continue to do a solid job with our current pharma clients and some new ones. And as I said earlier, we’ve had a major emphasis in the mid-tier now for about 2.5 year or so. The big clients tend to, want to place studies with the largest providers in this field and it's important to them as they make these outsourcing decisions that quality of the work is done in similar fashions that they could do it internally. So, we’ve been able to hold on to them and enhance our relationships with them.
Jim Foster: I think that’s really the fundamental growth issue for us and I think everybody in this field, is the amount and rate of work that’s currently being done internally by the drug company, how much of that will be outsourced. And we are definitely seeing some clients get on with that by closing facilities and/or not using them. We have other clients that we’re in conversations with who are at least indicating that that’s going to happen. We have other clients that have indicated it’s going to happen but they haven’t reduced their headcount sufficiently, and for union reasons or whatever, keep headcount at certain levels, and therefore keep the work in-house. And some clients, even knowing that the costs are higher, will utilize internal capacity until they make a decision to eliminate or reduce it. I think, directionally, given what we’re seeing from the largest companies, both in terms of what they tell us and what they’re doing, it’s inevitable that others will follow. And as we’ve said historically, we think that the sort of 40% that’s currently outsourced could get to 70% or 75%. Given the rationalization of the pipeline, the primary driver of that is going to be reduction in infrastructure and I think that's – we have to look to our clients and not really to our competitors for how and where that’s going to happen. So, we do think it’s continuing. We do think it’s a timing issue. And all we can do is be available and develop a strong scientific relationship with these clients and then when they make those decisions, have the capacity to do the work for them.
Jim Foster: You know there continues to be sort of a normal amount of slippage but there certainly is some and there is some modest amount of cancellations. I think that’s probably and always, always and that's a direct result of drugs not making it, not being able to be formulated and changes in therapeutic area of focus and infrastructure. We’re still seeing a high number of short-term studies versus what we saw a couple of years ago. So there is some more churn in the business model and that’s a continuation I think of what we’ve talked to the last several quarters. So it’s not brand new but seems to be a paradigm that we are in now. So we have a disproportionate amount of short-term studies and general toxicology work. While that’s okay from a capacity utilization point of view, it’s not the best from a margin enhancement point of view, certainly versus specialty work which we had much more of. And this is a manifestation of budgetary constraints. It's a manifestation of the quality of the drugs that are in the pipeline. It’s a manifestation of how much is still early on for these companies and they’re just not going to do the more expensive longer-term studies until the drugs move further through the clinical trial process. So, it’s unclear when, if or when, I guess there’ll be a fundamental shift in short versus long-term work. Although one would expect that in time we would see more long-term studies than we are seeing at the moment.
Jim Foster: Yeah. It’s been a much more efficient process than I think we would have originally thought. The direct result, for instance of closing Shrewsbury was that most of the clients that were there – by the way we’ve retained most of them, but most of the clients who were there went off and qualified multiple sites of ours. We’re also seeing more and more of that by clients that have stayed with us, maybe primarily in one site, that there is a lot more auditing going on in multiple sites of ours and we’re seeing clients be comfortable with utilizing capacity that we have, that’s available. Capacity that they are either comfortable with or geographically is important to them or they just simply like the mix of work. And so, I would say that most of the clients now have qualified and are utilizing on multiple sites. That’s obviously very beneficial for us in terms of managing our infrastructure but also gives them the flexibility of not having to wait for long periods of time as the space continues to fill. So I'd say that that's a trend that we’re seeing by large and small clients.
Jim Foster: The takeaway was that the impact was less significant than we thought it would be in the second quarter. And that we think things have stabilized there for the balance of the year in terms of our ability to produce product and the clients’ ability to take it.
Jim Foster: Yes, this is Jim. We’re very specifically looking at small strategic deals, and I would call them technology deals. So we’re either acquiring an operating company that has some scientific capability that we don’t have that our clients want. Or we’re literally acquiring a technology that we think we need to strengthen our current portfolio or add to something that we’re currently doing that we want to do more of. These deals are principally research model related. They’re pharmacology, discovery, as I said they're specific technology related. I would say that they’re all virtually upstream. A couple of things are geographically based, they could be geographically based and technology based, by the way. And we are being and we’ll be very rigorous in terms of the financial stream that we put these things through. But in enhancing and expanding the portfolio, it’s critical to our clients and we get a lot of our ideas for what services we are to be adding simply through request by our clients. And we also get some specific ideas for acquisitions with regard to companies that our clients have worked with, who think that they might be more comfortable if they were part of a larger company like Charles River.
Jim Foster: I would say that there is some variability in the backlog. Over the last six to nine months it’s been sort of stable to slightly down. And I suppose that that sort of jives with the overall demand that we’re having, the nature of the demand and the sort of mix between large clients and small ones. So, the predictability of demand continues to be complex, as is the visibility. I mean our visibility is only as good as what our clients were able to tell us. And we’re still encountering a reasonable amount of churn from them in terms of continuing to rationalize their infrastructure. So let's say stable to slightly down.
Jim Foster: I wouldn't say that they are more focused on discovery than safety assessments, if that’s what you’re inferring. I think that it’s a continuing dialog with them about what they’re comfortable outsourcing as opposed to keeping inside. Discovery is new for them and they’re not going to be comfortable outsourcing and tell companies like us to have the scientific capability to do the work. We’ve made some small acquisitions – and to many of our service areas, of course, we’ve invested in organically. And the specific recommendations come from the fact that they’re finding very small, very high quality but very small companies to do this work for them and they’re very uncomfortable if they’re going to stay in business, or that they’ll have the sort of regulatory rigor and financial staying power that are essential to them. So, it’s more about just making sure that we have the capability to do the work for them as they move away from that. So, I wouldn’t say that they are emphasizing discovery over safety assessment. I would just say that discovery I think is a new and growing opportunity for companies like ours. I think we indicated a couple of years ago that it’s a $4 billion or $5 billion market opportunity and that’s just simply with respect to the areas in which we are currently engaged. The whole area of In Vivo pharmacology is important. I think therapeutic area expansion for us will be important in that domain and perhaps geographic expansion as well. And of course we can do some of that ourselves but probably its best to do that through small high quality acquisitions where you are acquiring some very good science and some marquee scientists to go with the business.
Jim Foster: So, the driver to the specialty tox decline which has probably been going on for even longer than that is a – it’s a budgetary issue I would say. And we’re seeing clients do two things. We’re seeing clients spend a lot of time early on the drug development process, chilling drugs as early as possible when they think they have a very small probability of success. And unlike, let’s say, 2007 and ‘08, where they were doing a lot of very expensive studies, early in the clinical trial process, is simply waiting now, and that's likely not to change. So, they’re waiting as long as possible to – when they think the drug has a really high probability of being approved or at least getting through Phase III. And I would say that that’s the principal driver. It’s important to still be able to offer those services because once they have a compound, let’s say in Phase III trials they are willing to spend the money and it’s an area that’s somewhat less price sensitive because of the essential nature of moving those drugs forward and the fact that they think they have a chance of making it to the market. So, we still like our footprint in specialty work. It is a competitive, more of a competitive place and the clients are waiting longer to do the work. But we have several areas where we continue to distinguish ourselves not just competitively but with our clients as well.
Jim Foster: We use the term mid-tier to describe small pharma, but principally biotech. So, the mid-tier comments are intended to encapsulate that. So, we’re focusing more on them, lots of meetings with management leaderships, CEOs and heads of R&D. Working to have more comprehensive relationships with them, contractual relationships across our whole portfolio. I think we continue to make very good progress there, but they’ve always been a – particularly lately in the pre-clinical business, they’ve always been a big part of what we do. Principally since those clients have no internal capacity. So, they will continue to be a focus for us.
Jim Foster: The color is that we’ve been spending the last two or three years developing much more senior relationships with our clients, multiple senior relationships and we think that's bearing fruit. We are talking to them about larger purchasing relationships across the whole portfolio. We’re seeing multiple contractual relationships with clients to do that. We’re staying close to them as they make decisions to take infrastructure out and outsource additional amounts of work and give them the assurance that we will be able to manage that outsourcing for them and are trying to provide incentives for them to do that sooner. And to the extent that they are not ready, just to have them know that we have the capacity and the capability to do it. So I would say in short that we know our clients much better. They have a greater understanding of our capability, our resources, our flexibility, our responsiveness, our IT interface, etcetera. And I think we’re top of mind for them as they make decisions about outsourcing, particularly their regulated work.
Tom Ackerman: You meant, I suppose the full year. Yeah, the impact would be a couple of cents, plus or minus, Eric, in the second quarter.
Tom Ackerman: Yes – this is Tom, they’re focused across the board. So both of our business segments as well as corporate, and in addition to that we’re actually looking at revenue enhancements as well. And the revenue enhancements would be in the context of our existing business as opposed to adding new services as an example. It’s essentially two plus phases. First phase is exploratory in terms of what areas we should be looking at, coming up with ideas and things like that and quantifying and validating those ideas. And then the second phase would be implementing those particular items that we have determined in Phase I make the most sense for us. When I say it could be two plus phases, there could be some items that given the amount of time or cost to implement we might do in a Phase III or following. So at this point in time we’re actually moving from Phase I to Phase II. So we’ve done a lot of groundwork already. We’ve come up with a number of opportunities. We’re creating teams and leaders and moving into the implementation phase which we expect would take anywhere from three to five months. So in terms of 2011, it’s possible we’ll have some savings later on in the year. I mean I would actually hope so but I think that would be less than more and we’re not prepared at this point to provide a particular estimate. And then I think as we move into 2012, we would obviously expect more meaningful benefits, whether it’s top line and/or costs, moving into 2012. And so, I think we’ll obviously provide continuing updates on that on our next quarterly call and at that time that we’d provide guidance for 2012.
Tom Ackerman: And I think it’s endemic in your question, but we are obviously using a third party to help us to do that as we mentioned with regards to the consulting expenses.
Tom Ackerman: Well, increasing staffing levels is variable to, of course, increased work, and I think it cuts across different levels of the organization. So as we increase work in pre-clinical, at the nearer term we would be adding more direct labor, technician-type people. And of course as the revenue continues to expand, ultimately we would be adding supervisors, managers and at some point, additional study directors and things like that. So, in the near term what we generally say is, with a smaller increase in revenue, let’s say up to 3%, we would probably see a flow through of 50% in margin because we would be adding some technician-level staff. Obviously some variable costs including animal costs and things like that. And then as we get beyond that, depending on the type of study, the slope of the ramp, we would be adding additional people and additional support services that would diminish the flow-through of the margin impact.
Tom Ackerman: Yes, while we called those out, they weren’t particularly meaningful. I would say the benefit of what we saw in Q1 from those items was less than $0.01 essentially overall. So, while we didn’t have those recur, that would I think answer your question.
Tom Ackerman: We disclosed that we have sold that business in Q1 and the residual is now being reported in discontinued operations.
Tom Ackerman: Of course, we’re doing a little bit better in the first half of the year. We do typically do better in the second half. I don’t want to call it seasonality, but first quarter tends to be historically our weakest quarter. A lot of that’s due to residual CapEx carryover and things like that. And of course, we’ve outperformed, as I said, so far to date and earnings continues to be good and better than expectation. So I think it’s a lot of those factors. I’m not sure that I would add anything else to that. The tax rate continues to be favorable as we said.
Tom Ackerman: Well, we’re looking for receivables to be slightly better, but not significantly. If you look at the numbers year-over-year as well, you’ll see that, of course, earnings have been increased year-over-year. And as I said earlier, from a seasonal expectation we typically do better in the second half. Some of those things that you pointed out as well as operating margin and things like that.
Tom Ackerman: It would be similar. I would say that it would be a little bit different. And one of the things that we don't know, as an example, is a lot of clients won't start studies in those periods. And since a lot more studies are shorter term in duration, we do expect that we will be impacted and we’ll see the same similar trend as RMS. What we don’t know at this particular point in time is how many studies will be held up in that particular period. Obviously, longer term studies, for instance, that would run through that period won’t be impacted because they’ll have a start date before the end of the year and, let's say, an end date Q1 or Q2, as an example, those will essentially just continue to be worked on during that particular timeframe. So, the variability is about the studies that might come to completion before then, and then clients that have studies that will start at or around that period, which would just say, I prefer to have my study start in January rather than the week of Christmas or the week of New Year's, as an example. So, we’ll definitely be impacted like RMS. I suspect the impact would be a little bit less than RMS, but as I said it’s a little bit less predictable based on the shorter-term studies in nature. And we’re still a good distance away from that. So, we don’t have all our schedules build out at this particular point in time in terms of study starts and stops in and around that period of time.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Hey, good morning. Jim, wondering if you can just talk to any color on that study mix, short-term versus long-term and any dynamics around study starts, slippage, some of these other metrics.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: And then just a point of clarification. Your comments on Japan. I mean is the idea that this is kind of a transitory issue and things are going to recover in the back half of the year? I wasn’t quite sure what the take away there was.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay. And then last one, Tom, I think you had mentioned M&A in one of your comments. Just talk to your appetite for rather new geographic additions or new capabilities.
