James C. Foster: I would say not. We're enjoying terrific demand in the preclinical business. Bookings have strong capacities, well utilized, we're enjoying a really positive mix these days of specialty versus gentox (33:38). We're getting price, and we're using price periodically and strategically to both win and gain and hold market share. So, we're also pleased with our share growth. So, I wouldn't say that there's any irrational activity going on in the marketplace, but a tool being used intermittently to build share.
James C. Foster: Yeah. So we don't want to talk too much about 2018 but I would say that we've – some of our investment in staff has been to catch-up. And we're pleased to have to catch-up. In other words, business has been so good, demand has been so intense that – particularly in the DSA segments and Biologics, we've been hiring a lot of people. If you look at the fact that, it took Charles River 66 years to reach $1 billion in sales and we're on this track to hit a couple of billion in the next – in four years. Post that, that's just a lot of people to add to the organization, to train them, and have them be able to do exceptional work. So, I suspect, without getting too much into 2018, because our plan isn't even...I suspect we'll add people again next year. I suspect there'll be less catch-up next year than we've had perhaps this year and last. So, I think that a lot of those expenditures have taken place.
James C. Foster: It means that our Tox studies have become increasingly more complex. And so that will – maybe that's adding a little bit to the head count but it's also adding to the top line and the margin contribution because those studies are more expensive. So, I think that that's been actually rather a natural evolution over the last few years. It just seems like our studies are getting increasingly more complicated. That also is a way for us to simply show ourselves from our competitors who perhaps can't respond and perform as well to these complex study designs. So, we like it.
James C. Foster: So, the last question, I would say, we hope so. We're focused heavily on that. It is an area, Derik, where while we have large revenue on a percentage basis, it's relatively small, certainly compared to pharma and biotech. And it's an area as the pricing has levels between us and the competition, I think our outreach has improved that we have been gaining some progress and that's certainly plausible, particularly for U.S. and Europe. And China, it's a great problem and opportunity and challenge and realities. So, we're growing significantly fast in that business. We don't break up the exact growth rate, but it's, I think, our fastest-growing business. It has great margins even though it's got probably lower prices because it's lower cost structure as well. Yeah, we're pretty slow, but we're keeping up with demand. Revenue probably could be higher if we could have built and opened our new facilities faster, but we did – we've done it as quickly as humanly possible. Actually, I just got back from China. A spectacular facility, up to Charles River's standard. It's as good as any of our facilities anywhere. It's quite large. It's quite close to Shanghai but not in the middle of it. So, cost structure will be lower. Our ability to make daily deliveries will be there. And yeah, we should see nice growth in China, I'm sure – we hope for next year.
James C. Foster: Yeah. So, we're looking at M&A across pretty much all of our business segments, believe it or not, and Discovery, I would say, is first among equals. It's also – it's a relatively modest number of potential acquisitions and many of them are small. So, yes, yes, looking at – talking to companies real-time, but, yeah, we hope it's an area that we flesh out further through acquisition. And the Discovery business has just – all of the metrics are positive, enhanced management team, enhanced sales team and methodology, more clients, more deals, some creative deals. Agilux, which is our most recent acquisition, is crushing its acquisition plan. The Early Discovery business, which is our big chemistry business, is stabilizing. And the In Vivo businesses, the Oncology and CNS businesses have been performing well. So, the segment is becoming more important strategically both with safety clients as we said in the prepared remarks and vice versa and a segment of our business that we're going to focus on to enhance our capabilities both through internal investment and M&A.
James C. Foster: Yeah. We would hope to see an uptick in that business next year. And the piece, as I said earlier, that's sort of been holding the business back is the Early Discovery business, which had some very big pharmaceutical clients with some attractive and lucrative milestone deals where the milestones hit. And once those rolled off, the year-over-year comparisons have been arduous. So, as we've annualized and lapped those and strengthen the business and signed a bunch of additional deals, we're quite optimistic about next year. The rest of the portfolio – and by the way, the only Discovery piece is the largest piece of the portfolio. So it has a disproportionate impact. But the rest of portfolio is performing extremely well. So we would hope that Discovery would begin to contribute in more meaningful ways next year without getting too deep into next year. Our goals for that business, in addition to it being an important strategic tool for us, was to grow rapidly and to be a driver of our overall growth and to continue to grow significantly both in that measure but also through M&A. So, we really feel like we have that business at a very strong jumping-off point right now and we look forward to it improving.
James C. Foster: No. The outsourcing demand – we probably say this every quarter, but we'll say it again. It's as good as we've seen it. There's no evidence of anything except more pharma companies, several of whom we are in conversations with, reducing infrastructure and outsourcing more work, and actually some opportunities with some of them, with some outsourcing Discovery work as well. There is just a consistently growing number of biotech companies that exist and who need our services. And because of our resourcefulness and responsiveness and, in some measure, because of our relationships with the venture folks, we just have a large number of those clients who are extremely well-financed. We reckon that there's still three-plus years of cash in their bank accounts. So we never hear any concern about affordability. So demand is extremely good. We're doing very well against the competition, and the business remains extremely strong.
James C. Foster: Yeah. So, I think you'll see on a year-to-date basis for this year that operating margins well off, still in the high-20s. So, we don't overreact to anything here. I would say our capacity utilization in the Research Models business has forever been really tight and well-managed, and we periodically have a situation like we have now where we're slightly out of sync. We had it a few years ago with a facility in Michigan. This facility that we're closing is relatively small, poorly utilized, was built for the government for an NCI contract, which was rolled off. We're going to keep the revenue that we would have gotten from that facility without the drag. So that should help the margin. We're always looking at capacity utilization. We're always looking at price. We're always doing what we can to sell more specialty models so that we have a better mix. All of those things are in play. We have this big driver from China, and our service offerings driving that business. And by the way, the Service businesses have extremely good operating margins. The operating margins are not dilutive; in fact, they're beneficial. So, we're hopeful that we will deliver high 20% operating margins in that business on a forward-going basis and that we will continue to do what's necessary to run it efficiently, both to be able to respond to demand or respond when the demand is insufficient. We're certainly logarithmically stronger than the competition and larger and more proximate than the competition. So, we'll maximize that business given the realities of the sheer numbers of Research Models having declined probably over the last three decades. It's not a new phenomenon.
James C. Foster: So deal flow is good, Ricky, so there's lots of things we are seeing. And as I said earlier, literally across every piece of the segment. So there's potential in Discoveries. There may be in Safety; there may be in RMS, there may be in Biologics, I mean, with the whole shooting match, which is actually pretty exciting. They come in range of sizes, and I would say that many of them are on the small side, and while they're just as challenging to do from a due diligence point-of-view and sometimes worse, we do them when they're strategically or scientifically powerful like we did a very small deal, I think, last quarter, Brains On-Line, which added some CNS testing capabilities that we didn't have, and that no one else in the world has. So we'll do those as they come up. I would say that at our size, if we could write the script, which we can a little bit depending on what's available, we love the size of the WIL deal. So, it's $0.25 billion in revenue, moves the needle. It enhances our client's breadth, it enhances our geographic breadth, service breadth, and it just matters. Plus, it's been wildly accretive. And it wasn't cheap, but it was affordable. It was $600 million and we could finance it ourselves. So, we like to keep our leverage below 3 turns. We have had that creep up to, I think, 3, 4 is as high as it got. But we'd actually let it get up to 3.5 or maybe a little bit higher temporarily to do a larger deal with the knowledge that with the additional free cash flows and our historical free cash flows that we could get that down below 3 turns. So, there are no giant deals, if that's sort of what you're asking. I'm not sure we would want one if there was one available, but there's nothing really, really large that we are either looking for or exists. So, even the deals that are on the larger size would be more like WIL. And then, there would be smaller than that. So, as we look at our portfolio and we are – we don't really control when it come to market, although sometimes we can. And we think about the valuation model. But we run on them, that we feel there are deals throughout there that are affordable, that would be accretive, that would help our top line and bottom line, and most importantly, enhance the portfolio in ways that make us competitively stronger than we are now. And that's really the only reason we should do an acquisition is to enhance the portfolio, and not just simply to be bigger. I do think we have an extremely professional, reasonably large, full-time integration team now that allows us to do a much better job on the integration, which obviously ensures the smooth complementary relationship between the buyer and the seller, but also our ability to deliver on the synergies that we often have and to deliver the accretion that we have. So, we feel apparently good about the universe and our affordability and the deal flow and we will be disappointed – I was going to say surprised. I don't know if I'd be surprised. We'd be disappointed if we don't get the deals done in 2018 just given the deal flow.
James C. Foster: Not really. We're seeing China begin to protect its residents from the massive pollution there. So you see some more environmental effect that have added a little bit of cost at some of the locations. But besides that, nothing that would hinder our business. We have similar regulatory oversight bodies that kind of oversee quality of the animal care and quality of our production facility. I was just there, as I said, last week and it was kind of like going to our facilities anywhere else in the world. So, we're not seeing anything surprising or unusual nor is there anything rumored to be. And our clients, our Chinese – our clients for our Chinese Research Model facility are Chinese companies. So we're primarily – not primarily, we're entirely supporting that marketplace.
