James C. Foster: Dave, the pipeline's improving, I would say, nicely. We have a full-time staff dedicated to this and are really ramping it up. There's a fair amount of properties available for sale. They're not always in our wheelhouse and some of the price expectations are a little unreasonable, unrealistic, I would say, and disappointing. Having said that, there are several things that we're seriously looking at and talking to sellers about, and they would improve both the portfolio and our capabilities to support clients in ways that they want and we currently, perhaps, fall short in a couple of areas. So we're pretty optimistic about that. We're quite focused on what we're looking at. I would say the deal flow is improving to the point where we're actually looking at several things a week, at least, superficially and then drilling down on a bunch of them. So we are interested. We are looking carefully. I think we have the funding and the management capability to absorb and integrate these businesses. We're very, very focused on remaining upstream and having something that's accretive to both operating margins and particularly the EPS. Sometimes these things just take longer than one would like, particularly in instances where we're dealing with small or private enterprises where due diligence is sometimes a little more complicated. But the lack of announcements is not an indication of lack of involvement or looking.
James C. Foster: Eric, we got on with our capacity reductions much earlier obviously and pretty aggressively given the current market conditions, which to some extent, have continued. I think that additional capacity reductions either by our large competitor who's gone ahead and done so and clients themselves will continue to be beneficial to the value proposition here. While it's not necessarily evident in the operating results, the conversations with clients about outsourcing and/or shutting space and reducing people and particularly these days in some of the discovery applications are certainly increasing. The timing around that is never something we can predict with certainty, but just the nature and the increase in the number of conversations, I think, is quite interesting and probably telling. So this is an industry that, for reasons that we've all talked about previously, structurally ended up with too much capacity. And I think that alone, in combination with these pipeline reductions has had a dramatically adverse impact on pricing. And so any opportunity -- anytime anybody takes out a significant amount of space, I think that's directionally good for all of us as a whole. And as you've heard us say before, the continued reduction in capacity, particularly by our clients, I do think is critical. We have seen capacity utilization improvement steadily throughout the last, I don't know, 2 or 3 years. And while it's not optimal yet, it's certainly moving in that direction, and we do have a couple of sites where capacity utilization actually is optimal. So less space, I think, improves the value proposition for all of the CROs.
James C. Foster: So we have several conversations going on right now. They're all slightly different and they're all in various stages of development. So some, I think, are potentially much more near term than others, but you can see a change, you can see sort of an inflection point in the marketplace that's [ph] commensurate with drugs rolling off the patent [ph]. We have a situation or 2 where people are looking at asset transfers. We have looked. Facilities are often very nice. They're often in geographic locales where we are not. The sort of simple, fundamental response, kind of visceral response that we have to all of them is, those are great, and maybe 5 or 6 years ago, we would be all over them, but it just doesn't seem to make any rational sense either to us or the industry or, in fact, to the client because they tend not to be overly productive. So we would hope that they would get on with their own business of shutting and repurposing the site and dealing with the social issues related to their internal staff. I think that we're seeing all of the large pharma companies aggressively reduce the number of research partners that they have. I don't know one pharma company that isn't doing that right now. They want to have a small number of partners that they can depend on who will provide a better value proposition, and there's a close working relationship as if we, we the CRO, was the client. In a couple of conversations we have going on there's some anecdotal -- apparent anecdotal interest in sole sourcing. I would be surprised if that happens, but I think it's likely that big drug companies, I'm just talking about on the tox side, now will have a predominant provider, 70%, 80% of their work, and a minority provider that provides 20% to 30% of their work. And that gives the client the sleep factor of knowing that they're not sole sourced and also the ability, I'm sure, to get that better value proposition. But we're really not seeing clients want to have 5 or 6 or 7 or 10 preclinical providers. And some of the very small one, we've had conversations recently with clients who have said, "Some of these small players actually have good science, but it's not a working relationship that we want to bet the future on, so we're uncomfortable with it." We've actually had some clients recommend and suggest that we look at these companies for acquisition purposes. And by the way, we typically do look when requested or suggested by clients because I can't think of a better way to get M&A targets than through our clients who use and are happy with some of these small players but think they're too fragile to have any long-term success.
James C. Foster: So as I said before, there's a fair number of conversations that certainly directionally, that are about strategic partnerships and I think directionally are probable where we have clients who are looking to outsource the more routine assays in their development capabilities, both GLP and non-GLP, in favor of keeping the very complex assays as part of their core. So we're seeing that as a dialogue. And whether they end up as a large strategic deal where there's a commitment toward certain amounts of time and/or volume, we can see most of the clients moving that way. Obviously, that's happening at the same time these clients are reducing their infrastructures and being quite sensitive about cost, which is reflected in the P&L. So look, I think strategic deals are a good thing, are potentially a good thing if you get the value proposition right and it's a strong client who will adhere to the relationship. The other really positive things about them that we've seen with the big deal that we did recently is that we have signed up a fair amount of additional work with our client aside from the 4 corners of the big strategic deal that we did because they have confidence in us, respect for us, work closely with us. And, of course, the value proposition benefits them and is attributable towards their discount as they increase their volume. So you can't paint them all with the same brush. The clients are all totally different. I think it's nice to have them when you start a quarter to know that x amount of sales are there. It's nice to exclude competition if you get a deal for multiple years. It's nice to be closer to the client, but it only works if the value proposition works and they're sensitive to the needs of the CRO to make an appropriate level of profit.
James C. Foster: Sure. I'm not sure it's an inflection point. It's a strong business where we continue to be the prominent player in the industry. On the model side, at the moment, Europe and Japan are a bit stronger than the U.S. Europe, we have a totally different mix of clients, sort of small drug companies and government, and we're definitely taking share. We're also taking share in Japan. We've been in that business in Japan since 1975, and I would say this is -- while we've always held our own, this is the first time where we are aggressively taking share and improving operating margins. And we're certainly holding our own in the U.S. So I'd say that the Models business is solid. The service businesses are the most, in some ways, a positive surprise. If I were to go back a decade and think about it, we're getting very large service lines of business with very, very good operating margins and good growth rates. We told you in the prepared remarks that we're growing that, the service entity, around 9%. We told you that In Vitro, which is reported in the RMS business, is performing at above 10%. So really good mix. You can see it in the operating margin, which is the best since 2008. And I believe the 2008 number was actually the best ever, so it's probably the best operating margin that we've ever seen. We have said directionally that we believe that assuming you just take the current portfolio products and services, RMS is tracking to its high single digit. FX adjusted, it's at [ph] 6.5%. There's no reason why that can't continue to gravitate upward.
James C. Foster: Yes. I mean, look, it's a strategically an important business. It's all about biologics, large molecule services, testing, process development, validation and scale-up. We have quite a large business in it. We have 4 locations, we have new GMs, we have enhanced facilities, and we have much more of a complementary service offering where we offer this in addition with other products and services that we can offer to the client. The first quarter was definitely a sorting out quarter for our clients, definitely a reprioritization process, a little bit of slippage. And the confidence that we have is based primarily on feedback from clients as we see the demand strengthening as we move into the second quarter. It has to strategically increasingly be an important business given the intensified investment in large molecules that we're seeing by our clients and a reluctance by virtually all of them except very big drug companies, to bring the sort of expertise, which is very complex, in-house. So we remain really optimistic about it as a service line.
James C. Foster: Doug, I think that's actually a really good question, not necessarily the one I know the answer to. I think as a general proposition, as I said earlier, it would certainly be good to have some meaningful portion of your preclinical revenue booked and visible as you go into a quarter. I don't know what that is. If it's not a margin trade-off, then I'd like it to have as much as possible. You want to have some flexibility to be able to use your space for others, so you don't want all of it -- I'm trying to think back, when we first bought Inveresk, we had a take on that. And I think in those days, we were saying, what was it, like, kind of 30% would be...
James C. Foster: Yes, 25% to 30% would be kind of good. You have that cooked as a stable base. So that's probably an okay number to resurrect. I would say it's modest now, but directionally and potentially improving if and as we continue to do deals with larger companies.
James C. Foster: Well, I think rather than give you runs of capacity, what we've said is that, that business is looking to do what, 10%? That's looking to be about 10% of our revenue. So I would say, definitely a meaningful portion of our business. It's growing way faster than -- well, it's continuing to grow quite quickly. We have some really strong therapeutic area capabilities particularly in oncology and CNS. Certainly, on the oncology side, that's at a time where so many drug companies are focusing in on that. It requires and utilizes exactly the same space as the regulated studies, albeit, you can have multiple studies in the same room, so you actually have a little more flexibility, and it's helping with the process of enhancing capacity utilization. So I think we will see that increasingly constitute a larger proportion, both of our revenue and capacity utilization.
James C. Foster: Without specifically quantifying, it's dramatically higher. It's certainly in the area that clients are beginning to focus on and let go of these things, things that they've embraced as core and not outsourceable. So much more significant and growing pretty much faster than many other things that we do.
James C. Foster: Not really. I mean, the good news about tox, and we're starting to use the term in-life, the real classic regulated tox studies, has been fairly consistent for about 3 quarters in a row. And as you heard in our prepared remarks, we're actually up $1 million if you normalize the 53rd week. And while that's not, certainly not dramatic growth, it's stable growth. So it does seem like the regulated studies have reached a point of some stability and the non-regulated stuff has reached a point of potentially consistent increased outsourcing. There should be some balance there, some offset in terms of growth rate and hopefully margin. And as I said a few moments ago, both of them will continue to utilize our excess capacity.
James C. Foster: I think it's a combination of both. We have competitors in both locales. I wouldn't say, stumbling and then temporary. I would say sort of consistent underperformance, lack of consistent service, often irrational pricing policies, lack of investment facilities, lack of scientific depth, on and on and on. So I think a lot of the things we're seeing are systemic. The Japanese one is a bit unusual because that's a culture that historically has been egalitarian with the way it's provided business to its suppliers and sort of liked everyone to be -- have the same percentage, and we're not seeing that any more. So I think the worldwide phenomenon is have less partners, go to the best-quality provider who can provide you -- also provide you with attractive pricing. So I think it's the quality of the work, the science, the turnaround time, a more flexible pricing strategy at a time where competitors are just not executing as well as they used to.
James C. Foster: I'd say we're always pushing, so -- we're not necessarily pushing to fit into one quarter or at the beginning of the year nor can we necessarily push clients away from the competition. I think it's continuous and concerted. On the RMS side, it's been several years. It's not a quarter phenomenon. We've said the Japan thing's a little bit new, so that's kind of the back half of '11. And also remember that we had this oddity where most fiscal years -- the fiscal year of most of Japanese companies, particularly our clients, is April 1 when ours is January 1. So, yes, we had a little bit of a push, expenditure push at the end of their fiscal year in Japan, which was helpful to us. So we're always pushing on it hard. We are making significant progress. We've made progress on the RMS side both in the U.S. over the last few years and in Europe over the last 2 or 3. I'd like to think that we can continue to gain share in Japan as that marketplace begins to attempt to act like the rest of the world, both in terms of relationships between client and supplier, and Japanese pharma companies desire to sell internationally.
James C. Foster: We have a very good structure for the big global accounts. We have very senior people with responsibility for a very small number of the global accounts, and we have multiple touch points with every account. So we're quite happy with our interface. They're really big companies who are taking a lot of work offline and refining their pipelines. A couple have temporarily kept work in-house. So there's not a whole lot we can do except to continue to distinguish ourselves from our clients and periodically sign up a big strategic deal. So no, I don't think anything we do elsewhere will steal from big pharma. We definitely have more people on the mid-tier accounts, which I told you was up 5%, and in the academic and government accounts, which are up high single digit. Those are definitely areas of growth for this company. For us to be the scientific provider at rational price points is definitely winning share for us in the academic sector where we historically were not that strong. Mid-tier is an awful -- there's a lot of different types of companies covered by that sort of description. But lots of them are growing nicely, and many of them don't have any internal capacity. So I think we have the right sales component. I think we are flexible and thoughtful about our pricing. I'd be disappointed if we didn't continue to grow both of those sectors in a meaningful way without having to steal people from the big drug companies to work on them.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Dave, it's Tom. The change that's proposed in Canada at the federal level, which is actually a smaller part of the credit that we received [indiscernible], but the bulk of that is at the provincial level. So that's something that we're obviously looking at closely. I don't remember exactly [indiscernible] it will take effect for a couple of years. And while it would be a negative indicator, as I said, it's really a smaller portion of all the credits we receive in Canada.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Thank you, Greg. We have, as you've said, taken on a number of costs that have -- or mitigate a lot of the activities we're seeing such as changes in volume, and of course, changes in study mix and composition, which ultimately affects revenue. So I do think we're better positioned. As I said, and I think Jim said in his comments, we do expect a slight uptick in activity, in part from improvements in BPS, as well some of our non-GLP activity, and we do expect that to bring revenue to the top line. I think in a broader sense, if revenue were to invigorate more dramatically, I still think that we would see a good flow-through on operating margin depending on the nature and mix of that type of work.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Sure. I can give you a little bit of color at this moment, and we're obviously continuing to work that. We've perhaps $350 million available on our credit facility. A little bit of it's the revolver, a little bit of it's actually drawn or committed to letters of credit but not really that much. And, of course, we do have an accordion feature. So at the moment, we have an ability to maintain a portion of our converts long-term status, so we're looking at that. Beyond that, we are looking at what the market's doing and senior notes and converts as well, and the rates do continue to be low. If we could write the script, we would obviously wait longer to do something. But I think in the meantime, we'll continue to look at current market trends and look at activity. And I think the positive thing is we do have good credit ratings. We do have good cash flow, and so I think it affords us a good ability to pick and choose what we think is in the best interest of the company.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Yes, I would just add, and I would echo what Jim said, Doug, that because the largest biopharma has been our weakest sector, that's where traditionally we've had the stability in those types of agreements, so I do think it's trended down. But with the activity that we're looking at, hopefully, it'll trend back up.
Thomas F. Ackerman: I would say -- this is Tom, I would say, that it's not necessarily linear, and also it's not really just about capacity but also about demand as well from our clients that has also affected or could affect pricing.
