James Foster: No. We need to be careful not to overstate that. So we're delighted with the COVID work from large to small clients. We're proud to be participating. We prioritize that work whenever possible. We're happy to have it. I just don't want you to think of that as a material number that's going to significantly drive our financials.
James Foster: And I would just add, Tycho, that even though we took it down, as David said, we're continuing to be extremely diligent, as I mentioned actually in my prepared remarks, and vigilant about having sufficient capacity, incremental capacity at multiple sites and multiple businesses, biologic, safety, discovery, I mean, pretty much across the board, China, to ensure that we can accommodate increasing demand from our clients. And it's impossible to have the capacity on a just in time basis when you get to work. So we have to stay ahead of it. I think we've done a good job for the last, I don't know, almost decade doing that. And we do that very thoughtfully, very strategically, being very, very careful about spending our cash, but knowing that it's essential in order to safeguard the business and provide access to clients to our services.
James Foster: I don't think we're trying to telegraph anything specifically with regard to scale. What we want to impart is the fact that the business is solid. We feel really good about the balance of the year and, preliminarily, quite good about next year. We have a fair number of targets out there that we're speaking to real time, as we always do. We kind of resumed those conversations, which we had paused in Q2. They cut across a pretty wide swath of our activities. They are a variety of sizes. I would say that nothing real soon would be very, very big. But there are a few things that I would say are sort of modest-sized and certainly bigger than Cellero, which we're very pleased to do. It's highly strategic and a very critical field, but obviously, a very small deal.
James Foster: Sure. The big hit, Eric, was academic accounts. Yes, we had some closures of pharmaceutical sites and some closure of some biotech sites, but the most profound impact was academics. And the closures were really fast. I think we feel and they feel, in retrospect, way too fast. And they should have decoupled research activity in labs where people are PPE-ed with students, the risk associated with students, which they didn't, so very big, very sudden impact. And obviously, nobody's buying research models to use in an academic setting or any setting, but in this case, an academic setting, when the sites are closed and the people aren't there because the work is being done and the animals are going to grow out of spec. So they pulled back on the lever pretty quickly to sort of stop buying those folks. We had anticipated a return because we were talking to all these academic institutions at pretty high levels, so the provost level. And they were saying, yes, we're sorry, we did it. We're making plans to get back open. And we had anticipated they would open more slowly than they have, even though they're not all open yet. So Europe and China in the middle of the quarter and a lot of things opening in June for the U.S. So pleased with that. I don't anticipate sort of regardless of whatever the next wave is or isn't with COVID that they would do that again, given the fact that people are ground-up in these facilities, often working under hoods, often have positive pressure in the labs. And of course, they're doing critical work across a whole host of diseases and particularly COVID. So we're quite confident that they will continue to open. They will continue to buy animals. We scaled up in preparation for that. We prepared for that. And so we're being able to service the clients pretty quickly as they open because they want to get right back to work. So mostly academic and very little pharma.
James Foster: I don't think I know that number off hand. But yes, I would say that the significant impact was academic and very much secondarily was some pharma closures, so yes.
James Foster: Yes. Donor activity looks good. There's a lot of repeat donors that we know well, and they understand the importance of donating. And it's a really first-rate facility. So I think most of them feel safe there. Obviously, we've made accommodations with regard to social distancing within the donor clinic to accommodate for that. So we would hope that we would be able to continue to work. Work's pretty essential. And in retrospect, had there been better plans, we might have been able to keep it open. So we would be able to do that just parenthetically. Cellero, which we're in the process of owning, kept their donor site open during the pandemic. So it's quite possible. So we feel pretty good about that. Inventories are strong. So in the, I think, unlikely event that we have another closure, we could still ship frozen product from that side. And there's a second site as well. So we would anticipate this business is getting back to the kind of growth rate that we had anticipated when we bought it. Obviously, it won't do it for this year. But as we said in the prepared remarks, that business is going to grow at, at least 30% on a forward going basis probably for the next five years or longer as cell therapy drugs are developed and process improvements are made and are manufactured. So we look forward to having a bigger footprint to be able to provide these critical tools to the companies in the drug business.
James Foster: So it's a little above. So we're adding scale, which is just important given just the growth rate of cell therapy investments in those companies, minting new companies and the rapid nature of drug development by these companies. So we wanted scale, number one. Number two, you may recall, John, that when we bought HemaCare, which was only in January, I understand, but we did talk, at the time, about geographic expansion. That it's a California company, so we're talking about doing something in the Boston area. Because having more than one site helps the clients to sleep better. And with some of the cell types, you want to be really in close proximity, so they can get the cells to the client quickly. So these guys have something in the south, in the west and in the greater Boston area. So we love that, we love the scale. They have more disease-state cells, so clients with who have diseases, both orphan diseases and other diseases. And they have immobilized cells, which is immunocompromised cells from immunocompromised patients and some stem cells. So we have added some scientific capabilities that we probably would have had to do on a greenfield basis. So we have that now. We have overall capacity, and we have very important geographic expansion.
James Foster: Yes. We definitely have more work pretty much across our portfolio. Obviously, the safety testing, safety assessment of these drugs is going to be the most critically important thing as they fast-track the therapeutics and the vaccines. Particularly the vaccines, the safety profile is going to be critical. So we do have a healthy book of business. We are trying to prioritize it. We're doing everything we can. We've been doing everything we can generally pre-COVID, but we're certainly doing everything we can to take white space out of the process and do things more quickly with regard to reporting time lines and just having a client be ready to accept the data when we're ready to give it to them and vice versa. So I think the iterative process, communication process and responsiveness on both sides is really there because this is obviously so important to the society. So yes, we're really pleased and proud with that role.
James Foster: So you broke up at the beginning, Ricky. So you're talking about margins being restored in RMS specifically? Or
James Foster: I don't think it takes long at all. Remember, I mean, RMS unit volume in RMS in the U.S. and Europe has been, I don't know, the last few years, anywhere from down a couple of percentage points to flat to up a couple of percentage points. We always get price. And so this is nothing more or less than clients literally being closed and not being able to take the animals that they need for the research as they open. So they're opening nicely, as I said earlier. We would the services business has been strong, not only strong in the COVID world, but in some ways, stronger because it's instigated more outsourcing. We continue to build capacity in China. And there's a little bit of pent-up demand by the academic institutions who are closed and are now opening. I don't want to overstate that, but pent-up demand being in as much as they want to get right back to work, so our ability to provide them animals is important. So I don't think it's obviously not mathematically possible to deliver the margins that we did, let's say, last year this year because of the - it's kind of a huge diminution in revenue and profit in the second quarter, but it'll continue to build back in the third and fourth quarters very nicely towards historical levels. And I would imagine that next year would be fine, barring some unforeseen bizarre COVID-related event.
James Foster: Yes. We're working really hard at our supply chain and critical tools that we need to do our work. And I think we've done a very good job ensuring that we have sufficient products to do our work, both living and in inanimate from a variety of sources, some new, many increases from where they were historically and some reduced from where they were historically. So we feel really good about supply chain for the balance of this year, and we'll be very well prepared for next year as well.
James Foster: Yes. So what I said was that we're delighted to have the work. It's coming from large and small clients. We're doing our best to prioritize it when we get it because everyone's in a rush. We're doing our best to take time out of the process. We're not going to give a specific number. Just we just don't do things like that. And we'd have to update it every time we speak to you, and I'm just not sure that's helpful. So we're delighted to have the work. It's obviously going to be beneficial to our financial results, but it's not going to be a huge number in the scheme of the cosmos. I think it's beneficial. So we don't want you all to over read that.
James Foster: No, I think that we'll play, I think, an important role in the development of both the therapeutics and the vaccines, as I said earlier, particularly on the safety side. It's impossible to predict what the size will be. So we're just trying to give you all a sense of what it's like now. There's a lot of activity. We're happy to have the revenue. I wouldn't certainly wouldn't say it's dramatic at the current time. But I think our role is critical. And given that we're the biggest tox company in the world and given the race to market and given the necessity of safety profiles to provide a drug and particularly, a vaccine for a disease that nobody there's no historical data, nobody understands, is really high stakes. So I think that our work is going to be critically important. And since I don't think that a vaccine is around the corner, even though we all hope it is, and while we may have some short-term drugs, I think there's a significant opportunity for more to come down the line and be increasingly refined that we should continue to play a role here.
James Foster: We have to assess it by living it, Dave, but we're seeing it everywhere. So we're seeing a lot of it in RMS services, particularly IS and GEMS. We're seeing it in discovery for people that have begun to develop drugs that they had done the very, very earliest of discovery, and then they were shut down, whether it's a large or small client and they couldn't depend on themselves, or they were using somebody with side Charles River that didn't have a good business continuity plan and they couldn't depend on them or they did safety. For some of the big clients, they did some safety work internally or used a competitor ours and again, couldn't depend on them. Of course, there's a huge need to be testing these drugs from a biologics point of view, and there's going to be an increasing need to test them from microbial contamination point of view. Once they manufacture it, it's either to go into the clinic or the end-use market. So as I think I said in the last quarter's call, this is very interesting to see our very large portfolio really benefit clients who, for whatever reason, might have historically like to do things internally or works with somebody else or both who now is utilizing us. And they may when we got to work, they may have thought, "Okay, so we'll use Charles River because they're the only ones that are open." And then I think over time, they'll be I think they'll be very pleased with the pricing and the speed and the quality of the work, and I think they'll be thinking, why would I bring it back house? I also think the time frame to bring it back house is going to be substantially elongated. I don't think this COVID situation's going away anytime soon. And I think the longer they work with us, the greater the propensity and the opportunity is for them to stay with us and like it and decommission their space or utilize their space for something else. So all we can do is live it. And all we can do is do great work, and all we can do is demonstrate we don't have to even say anything, just demonstrate that this is a better value proposition for them and a better business continuity proposition for them because even for big pharma, they can't depend some of them couldn't depend on themselves, depending on the geography that they were in. So we're really pleased with the outsourcing business that we've gotten. We think that a meaningful amount of it will stick. It's impossible to predict that or size it at the moment, but we're really pleased with what transpired to date and what we think will continue.
James Foster: Yes. So yes, you phrased the question well. And I think you identified the areas and the issues that are causing lower growth, Juan, and pretty much no growth this quarter. We had a massive preorder with a client that causes the year-over-year comparisons to be out of whack. And we have a lot of demand for new systems, and we haven't been able to get into the clients to install them. It's the RMS and that directly are the big COVID impacts. As I said in my prepared remarks, it's beginning to loosen up. We've installed some systems remotely, which is not surprising. Clients need them and we've been able to walk them through it, and that may stick and increase. But clients are beginning to open up slowly. What happens this year if we were going to sell them, let's say, a system in the second quarter, and let's say it's one in the Endosafe systems. This is an associated number associated amount of reagents or cartridges that go along with that and even some of the Celsius systems. So we don't just sell the equipment, we have the razor blade to go along with it, right? So we have that hit as well. So we're entirely confident that, that business, when the clients are open, then we can install the systems, which clients very much want and like, particularly some of the Celsius systems in the COVID world with bacterial contamination, we should get back to low-digit double-digit levels. We're continuing to convert our own clients from conventional methodologies to more sophisticated systems. And we're continuing to take share by having competition, by having clients convert from the competition's technology to ours because they get an answer much faster. So it's an odd sort of air pocket here, Juan. And I'm happy that you asked the question because we really want people to see through the business. As we said, we're not going to give you the exact margins. But as we said in my prepared remarks and in David's, part of the reason that the manufacturing margin is over 37% is because the margins are better in microbial because of process improvements we made in the manufacturing process. So in addition to, I think, a more robust top line going forward, we continue to drive efficiency in that business. So it's contributing very nicely to total Charles River operating margin.
James Foster: Okay. You cut out, but I think I got the question. So I think we had some small clients, biotech clients really pulled back and paused when COVID hit because they just didn't know how it would impact them or impact their access to capital or ability to get their work done, number one. Number two, they were considering very complex, multiyear, pretty expensive integrated projects with us, and they thought, "Well, if we're going to be conservative, that's a good place to be conservative." So we had a couple of those a few of those. And they paused. And while I don't think the ones that pause necessarily have reinstituted those studies, we have had others, other biotech companies and pharma companies’ kind of pick up the slack. So I think everyone's kind of figured out what COVID means to them in terms of the drug development processes, in terms of the really complex discovery work they're doing and in terms of the impact that we can have, hopefully, helping them solve some really complex problems. These integrated studies are really complex and help solve some problems that somehow are big mysteries to the clients. So sort of move right through that relatively quickly later in the second quarter, and we think that business will continue to be. It's not a huge part of our business but will continue to be an increasingly important one and one that distinguishes us from the competition.
James Foster: So we just don't want to get ahead of ourselves here. We would be very pleased, and we hope you all would be very pleased if we were to deliver high single-digit revenue growth next year and meet our articulated operating margin target of 20%. We obviously will do everything we can to always have our numbers be better, but it just would be way premature just given the vagaries in the world right now, notwithstanding the fact that we're performing well to do better than that. And specifically, your comments about RMS. I mean, RMS has been low to mid-single-digit grower. With the cell therapy product businesses growing at 30%, that's going to stimulate a larger growth rate. I don't think the math gets you to where you're directing. But I think directionally, hopefully, the growth rate will exceed low to mid, but we're not ready to articulate that. We just bought those businesses, and we want them to perform. And as we saw in the second quarter, HemaCare was impacted somewhat by COVID. So we'd be delighted to hit those targets. We're always driving to push them higher. So I'm not saying it's impossible that they could be better. I'm just saying that that's not something we're willing to guide to at the current time.
James Foster: That's a good question. We have a pretty large sophisticated integration team. And so I think our ability to do much of the integration, the vast majority of the integration can be done remotely. Certainly, any of the system stuff, all the back-office stuff is not a problem. Facility issues, to the extent that we have to get involved, obviously, somebody has to go there, and we will. We have local people. So we've seen the facilities we're buying, although we didn't do that en masse. Ability to help companies who we buy from a sales point of view, I think we can do remotely, and we can educate sales organizations by video, et cetera. So no, it doesn't strike us that, that's a headwind doing deals, large or small. I think integration is something we've got increasingly better at. It really doesn't matter the size of the deal. We wouldn't be hesitant and there's going to be some opportunities. And I, for one, think that the COVID situation will be prolonged, and we're not just going to sit and wait for things to change to be able to get on with our business. So we have strong balance sheet. We have a lot of targets. We've seen that adding and enhancing the portfolio is the key competitive differentiator between Charles River and all of our competitors. So we want to continue to advance that. There are targets out there. And we have a team ready, willing and able to do additional deals. So I think we'll be able to integrate them just fine.
David Smith: Well, I was just going to say, Tycho, that we actually brought the CapEx down in the last quarter because of the COVID situation. What we're really kind of conveying is we're getting back to a sort of a normal position again. And so it's more thinking about the future, thinking about 2021 and basically rebuilding up those capital demands and making sure that we can meet the demands we expect in 2021.
David Smith: Well, I wouldn't say it's conservative, it isn't. [indiscernible] I think we've got a sensible forecast here. Remember, there's a lot of puts and takes. The downside scenario isn't as draconian as we thought it might be when we spoke last quarter. So we've taken that downside risk off the table. We certainly feel that we've passed over the full beat for Q2, and we've increased the revenue a little bit for the second half of the year. Remember, the way that RMS is building back up, it's very it had a big fall in Q2. It's beginning to build up in Q3. It's not going to get quite to the same level as we would expect from normal Q4, but we're getting towards that. So it's too early, I think, to go to that "RMS is going to fully recover in this year," to some of the comments that Jim said earlier. So again, still six months of the year to go. We think we've got something that protects us for a sensible COVID headwind. We haven't assumed, in our forecast, there will be a complete worldwide sort of stay-at-home order that we saw a few months ago. So I'm trying to get some sort of sense here between passing on the beat, catching on a little bit of upside, but at the same time, there's still some uncertainties with COVID. And therefore, we don't want to get too far ahead on our skis and get something that's sensibly balanced, and I think that's what we've got in front of you today.
David Smith: Yes. So we've said that we would have some margin expansion from last year. Last year was 19%. We, again, going back to the comments I've just made, we've hesitated from narrowing that margin range at this stage of the year. What I could give you is a bit of color, of course. The first half of this year, we've done 18.2% margin, which is a nice comparison to last year of 17.4%. So an 80 basis point increase despite the heavy headwind that we had in research models in Q2. So we've the first half of the year has gone up very well. So we're pleased with that. You can expect, as Jim mentioned, some further improvement in the research models margin as we go through the year. But as I said a moment ago, it won't get to the same margins that we've had historically. We won't get a full recovery until next year. Manufacturing, we're already in the mid-30s, which is where we promise. So if I were in your position, I wouldn't read in much more of an expansion in manufacturing. And of course, DSA is where, we've always said we'd get the lion's share of our expansion as we go into 2021. You've seen a nice uptick in the DSA margins in the first half of this year, even at the end of last year. So we would expect to see some continuing improvement year-over-year on DSA.
David Smith: Yes. I mean we signaled some years ago that we want to be in mid-30s. We've been as you've just seen, we are operating in the mid-30s. We've often commented that rather than drive the margin up, we want to continue to invest in that business so that we can continue to get sort of double-digit growth rates on the top line. In the preprepared remarks, Jim called out that we are continuing to or we plan to expand biologics as the moment needs the capacity. So that's an example of where we will continue to invest in the business. There are some process improvements that we have been making in microbial as well. But again, at the end of the day, we're not prepared today to talk about increasing the margins for the sort of the future, but to continue to replow some of that profit back into the business to make sure we can get that top line growth of double-digit continuing.
David Smith: I get sorry. I get your point about the year-over-year comps from a low base for research models for 2020 compared to 2021, yes, it's still an organic growth. But to Jim's point, we're still a long way of seeing what COVID is going to do in 2021. But I take your point about the year-over-year comps. If we get research models back to a normal way of working in 2021, then you would see a one-off year-over-year benefit because we had a low base in 2020. But we'll start signaling that math and that structure when we get closer to 2021.
