Flavia Pease: I think he was just saying he was stepping in for Mike. And the question is about timing of NHP shipments in RMS. Maybe I can take that. I think we have commented that our quarters are not linear, and I actually added when we provided guidance for this year that the -- adding the Noveprim business into the [indiscernible] would result in additional nonlinearity in our quarters because those shipments are not timed in a way that they always happen at the same time in every year.  So it is going to introduce a little bit of lumpiness, if you will, quarter-by-quarter. But as we spoke in our prepared remarks, this was a shift between the second quarter and first quarter. And within the year, we feel very comfortable and confident with the guidance. So it's going to make your guys' lives a little bit more challenging to pinpoint the segment within the quarters, but that's just the nature of that part of the business. 
Flavia Pease: Yes. And I would comment on the margin, I think Jim started alluding to that. It's really more the volume that is putting pressure on margins given the ability to cover cost inflation. There's a little bit of restructuring costs that are impacting on a GAAP basis, the gross margin as well. We talked about our $70 million of savings that we're going to get on an annualized basis. So that impacts gross margin as well. But I think we also talked about how this will evolve throughout the year, and we expect that as volume comes back stronger in the second half and our restructuring initiatives fully implemented that, that will have a positive impact on margin -- gross margin as well as operating margin. 
Flavia Pease: Yes, Dave, what I would say is price is definitely not going to be as much of a tailwind as it had been in the past few years. And I think we are, as Jim said, appropriately, pricing given the market conditions and the domain environment. In our guidance for the year, we still contemplate positive pricing. And at the top end of our guidance, we are also contemplating some flat to slightly up volume. And so I think what will be critical in the margin impact is seeing that rebound in volume as Jim said, the strength in biotech funding starts translating into not only proposals for bookings and then revenue, which we fully expect will happen. I think as we said, it's not a matter of this but when. And that will be the key contributor to the margin accelerating throughout the year. 
Flavia Pease: Yes. What I would say, Dave, is over the last several -- couple of years when inflation definitely escalated beyond historical levels. I talked about we were actually recouping that and plus some more, right? And so price is very strong, but also the costs have increased more meaningfully than historically. Obviously, inflation is now coming down a bit. And so obviously, our price is coming down as a result of that as well. But what I'm just saying is the relationship between those 2 maybe was a bit more favorable in the last couple of years than obviously, it is right now. And because we don't have as much of the volume, especially in the earlier part of the year, sales are still down in the first quarter. That's putting pressure on the ability to fully absorb inflation in the fixed cost that we have. 
Flavia Pease: No. It was a bit -- I -- Flavia -- I think it's really what you just highlighted. We are expecting sequential improvement in DSA revenue on a dollar basis, obviously, on a percentage basis as well. But with that bigger size of business, it would obviously drive margins. There's some fixed costs in our business. And in addition to that, to your point as I said, when we provided guidance, the restructuring actions that we have put in place will be fully executed in the second half. And so that also will be the additional tailwind to drive margins. 
Flavia Pease: Yes. We're -- I don't think we're going to quantify the dollar proposal activity increase. I think we talked about it being sequentially up both year-over-year at being up both sequentially and year-over-year. And I think you also saw us talk about the impact -- the net impact into the backlog of bookings and cancellations. Cancellations also went improved sequentially in the first quarter. And so our adjustment to the backlog, the decrease was smaller than the decrease on Q4 versus Q3. but I don't think it will talk specifics in terms of what percentage of the increase we saw in proposals. 
Flavia Pease: Yes. I'll just take the question on the backlog and then Jim can talk about Discovery. So the backlog is at 10 months. So to your point, Casey, I think, for 2 or 3 quarters of last year, kind of hovered around 12, trickling down a little bit. But I think we've been saying that to your point, historical norms were 6 to 9. So what we're hearing from clients is actually that kind of reversed to the norm of they are booking 2 to 3 quarters in advance. So I think that tends -- feels consistent with what we're hearing from clients terms of what they're working on and what they want to book ahead. 
Flavia Pease: Yes. And I think to Jim's point, we've modestly adjusted, right? I think the guidance in the beginning of the year was low to mid-single digit, and I think we're now saying mid-single digits. So we raised a little bit the bottom end there. But I think that's a reflection of the strength of the first quarter, but we don't want to get ahead of our skis, as Jim said, to say that there is upside to the guidance that we just provided you today. 
Flavia Pease: Yes. And I'll just add. I think NHP pricing is still positive in the first quarter. We are seeing it come down from the peak, if you will. And I think as I've been saying for the last couple of quarters, I think some competitors are signaling to significant decreases. I think it's more because they're coming down to our level. So we still experienced year-over-year, a modest increase in NHP pricing, although as I said in Q1, it is modestly down from peak levels. 
Flavia Pease: Yes. And maybe if I can just add, I think to Jim's point, we lived through a couple of years of unprecedented demand. And at some point, we said we were going to increase our CapEx to almost 9% of revenue. And historically, we'd be more in the 5%. That was both a combination of historically, we added some capacity through M&A, and now we were doing organically as well as fueling that unprecedented demand. I think demand has normalized now. And our guidance for the 3-year horizon is 7% to 8% of capital as a percent of sales. And this year, our guidance contemplates kind of the low end of that at 7%. And so I think as Jim pointed out, we are being appropriately thoughtful in matching up the capital investment with the main environment that we're seeing. 
Flavia Pease: Maybe I'll take that. I think as we said in our prepared remarks, I think what was different and drove the beat in the first quarter and is also impacting how we guided the second quarter is, obviously, RMS. There was a timing shift with NHP shipments that accelerated into the first quarter. So that was a tailwind in the first quarter and will be a headwind in the second. And then we talked about the strength of manufacturing in the first quarter, which was encouraging. I think we were silent in DSA in the sense that it performed according to our expectations, both in the first quarter and the impact of that is contemplated on the guidance for the second quarter. So I think we spoke about what was different than our expectations of the other 2 businesses. 
Flavia Pease: Yes. I think I'll take that one. The guidance for the year is the same for -- I think everything we reaffirmed the guidance, right? And so the timing of our capital projects tends to kind of progress throughout the year. Obviously, our free cash flow was quite strong in the first quarter. You saw a decline of CapEx spend year-over-year. So we started the year with capital expenditures being a tailwind to cash flow, and we're going to continue to progress some of our projects as the year progresses. But there's no update, I guess, is the point. 
Flavia Pease: Again, I'll maybe take that. So 2 things. The timing impact was really in RMS. In manufacturing, what we saw, which was encouraging and positive is we have seen strength of proposals in the fourth quarter, especially in our testing business and that did translated improved business and stronger performance in the first quarter. What we said in the second quarter for the manufacturing business is that last year, the second quarter was one of the strongest quarters that we've had. So from a comp perspective, it's a little bit of a headwind year-over-year when we get into the second year -- second quarter. 
Flavia Pease: Correct. And I would say for the year, when you think about guidance, it's still pretty early. I think there was a question earlier around whether we think there's upside to our manufacturing guidance. And as I mentioned, we slightly improved it, given that the guidance in the beginning of the year was low to mid and now, we are mid. So we reflected a little bit of that straight already, but it would be premature to say that there's upside to the guidance that we just updated now. I think that's the point. Thank you. 
James Foster: I mean our confidence in the back half of the year ramp is premised on a multiplicity of things. Inflows to the VCs, wonderful funding in the capital markets, fourth best in the history of biotech last quarter, the increase in proposal volume, modest reduction in cancellations and just the general dialogue with our clients, a; b, the comps of last year; and c, the fact that we can see pent-up demand on the part of our clients.  And it seems like there were a fair number of [indiscernible] across the board with our clients that drugs were developed, lead compounds were developed and for funding reason and prioritization reasons, sort of paused. We talked a lot in the last quarter and the quarter before that, about post-IND work being focused on. We think clients need to and will get back to actual IND filing work because that's the most critical thing that they do to get drugs into the clinic.  So as the funding is improving and their feelings about continued access to funding is more positive, we're pretty confident. We've had a very similar situation in the last 2 years that I know we're -- I don't know about concerning, but we're a bit maybe surprising to our shareholder base that things -- we had 1 year where things were much stronger in the first quarter and other year, the second, and this is a similar phenomenon.  We've talked often about the fact that we have no control or when studies start and stop. And as Flavia just said, we don't have linearity in our business and never will. So given from whence we've come and the change in the funding environment and our constant conversations on a daily basis with literally thousands of clients, we have a high degree of confidence that things will accelerate meaningfully in the back half of the year. 
James Foster: So the principal way our competitors compete with Charles River is with regard to price. So competition has prices pretty much across the board, a bit slower than ours. I certainly don't think the workers is good or the science is a substantive or the infrastructure is as significant. But it's a fact. And so in challenging financial times and people are sort of worried about access to capital, I think pricing is more important.  So we have thoughtfully and strategically utilize price as necessary to preserve and more importantly, to win work. We haven't done this in a wholesale fashion because the studies are very complicated, and we feel that we need to be paid well. So we'll continue to use the strategy as long as it's necessary. We've, obviously, had -- historically where we had more pricing power, and we didn't have to do that. On the NHP pricing side, I would say that it's a meaningful part of what we do. Competition's prices have been higher. And so on the NHP work and on what they pay for the NHPs, and so I think that actually is -- has been somewhat beneficial to us in the whole pricing paradigm. So not the first time we've used price as an important strategic tool. 
James Foster: I mean that's one of our volume. I wouldn't say we've been dramatically cutting prices. I would say that we've been cutting prices very modestly, to be more competitive, to have clients that are on the edge, to say that Charles River's science is better. I want to work with that. But I need better price and are concerned about access to capital. So as I said, we feel that we're doing it responsive, responsibly and thoughtfully. 
James Foster: So a significant amount of revenue we can't see, we see not all of it. But as I said, proposal volume has been increasing nicely, and we anticipate that bookings will follow. There's usually a lag. So we're going to need a couple of quarters to see this, but we're confident given the dialogue with the clients that we will. BIOSECURE Act is an interesting one. Not legislation yet, but dialogue opportunity seems positive. So no, there's nothing built into our guidance that assumes anything about the BIOSECURE Act because it would be premature to do that. Having said that, we would be surprised if there isn't some benefit to us. There's a fair amount of conversation with clients and a trivial amount of work that we've got specifically as a result of that. You understand that our facilities are principally in the U.S. and Europe. So we are an alternative for folks that either can't or don't want to continue to do their work in China. So I think directionally, it's something positive to watch. As I said, we would be surprised, if it doesn't have a benefit to us. But we're certainly not assuming that there's anything that's imminent and it's certainly [indiscernible] . 
James Foster: So general proposition is that we try to utilize our space as fully and efficiently as possible. So we don't have huge amounts of empty space in any of our businesses. And as you know, depending on the demand, we're always adding to our capacity. Having said that, we have some incremental capacity in some of our businesses across the board. So we do have the ability to accommodate increased work in the back half of the year across multiple businesses and particularly in Safety Assessment. And if it's better than we anticipate, we would have the capacity to do that as well. The potential rate-limiting factor is availability of staff. So as we see things improving, we'll have to add incremental staff and because there's some training time associated with that. So physical capacity, I think, fine. Access to clients is very good, in terms of our ability to get out there with the sales force. Staffing generally, in a very good place now, from an efficiency and margin point of view given the current demand but will require some incremental adds as business intensifies. 
James Foster: And the combination of increased proposals and reduced cancellations portends increased bookings. And as I said earlier, we always have a lag on that. Clients have to be confident that the funding improvement is sustainable. And I think we all believe that it is sustainable. April was a very good funding month, by the way, for biotech as well. So we're quite confident that we'll see it. It's built into our guidance. And those are the 3 metrics that we watch cancellations, proposal volume and ultimately, bookings. So I think we're on a track to achieve second half improved performance. 
James Foster: Yes. They're not fundamentally different. Pharma has been aggressively and continuously outsourcing loss of the type of work that we do, particularly Safety Assessment and some lesser extent, discovery to us for a period of years. We can and do, do the work faster at a lower price point and usually with better science than that. So it's a small number of pharma companies that are holding on to those. It's interesting since they have very rich balance sheets that there's still been hesitancy on their part to book work. And that's just a function of trying to make budgets like any public companies do and also the necessity to prioritize. So we -- surprisingly, I wouldn't say we've seen a fundamental difference in the activity between pharma and biotech. Obviously, there's some fragile biotech companies that are worried about getting to proof of concept or getting the drugs at the clinics that are very -- perhaps more careful about spending and working on a smaller number of assets. Having said that, historically and actually currently, our volume is much higher with biotech. So it's an important client base for us. So you probably have a greater impact on spending with the biotech companies than pharma but again, it won't be overnight. I do think they're going to have to continue to see month-after-month improvement, and we have a high level of confidence, subject to the caveat that control over this. And there's a lot of factors going on in this world that could affect people's viewpoint, but it feels like the IPO market has opened up nicely. VC inflows have been dramatic actually. M&A activity has been positive as well. And I think as you all know, our client base, whether it's large or small, really has very strong assets right now molecules for unmet medical needs, that they absolutely want to get back to developing and getting those drugs into the clinic. So I think the overall environment is quite positive. 
James Foster: So Discovery is an interesting one. So no question that's been the hardest hit of all of our businesses by overall economy. And there's a lot of dialogue around as funding continues to improve, how quickly will that come back? And it certainly will come back. Studies, to some extent, shorter. But unlikely to come back first. A lot of our pharma clients still do that work internally. And as I said earlier, what we think will come back first are pre-IND work for drugs that have already been developed but haven't been filed yet as opposed to post-IND work. We feel strongly they're going to get back to funding that more quickly. Discovery is a relatively small percentage of our DSA portfolio. So we're focused primarily on Safety Assessment business in terms of our growth rate. And it's unlikely to be the canary in the coal mine that we talked about so often, just because as you look at the whole drug development process, going to be much more important for them to get stuff into regulated safety trials.  So we like our discovery franchise. We have important assets that clients, large and small, continue to use but have used in larger measure historically. As funding becomes more sufficient and they're funding the assets that have already been developed, obviously, the long-term health of our client base is premised on their ability to do appropriate and impactful discovery spending.  So still slow, still impacted, still small. We'll let you know as soon as that changes, but clearly has had the greatest adverse impact from the overall economic situation in the country. And I think our competition across discovery is in exactly the same place. 
James Foster: Well, that would be nice. That would be nice. We certainly hope so. We certainly don't have that in our guide. It certainly would anticipate, necessarily anticipate that, but we're very pleased that we've had strong growth across the entire segment in the first quarter. You see that people are back to business in biologics, and we have a very strong franchise there. You see that folks that had big inventories of disposables. I have worked through those in our microbial business and the CDMO business to a distinct pleasure as a double-digit grower that we're getting a lot of traction as people recognize the quality of our assets, and we have some commercial drugs that we're working on and the facilities are -- have been expanded nicely. So at a minimum, we would expect that business to continue to be a strong one with -- I think we're saying now mid-single-digit growth for the year with significantly better operating margins, although those are relatively easy comps on the CDMO side. But all 3 of those businesses will continue to improve. We would have to stop short, particularly at this point in the year saying that there's upside to those numbers. 
James Foster: We would say that that's still the view. Competition had prices significantly higher than we. So they had to come. They've had to bring their prices down. I think it gives us a little bit of pricing power actually. So we're also really pleased with our sourcing of NHPs, particularly given the acquisition that we recently made. 
James Foster: So we've added an appropriate amount of space. I guess, I would say that the CDMO manufacturing facility in that is lots of audits by clients and regulatory agencies. So we're in very good shape to accommodate the client base where we have already a couple of commercial clients. Hopefully, we'll have more. And we're also getting additional clinical clients I'm dealing with some of those clients myself. The feedback on the facilities has been positive. So obviously, we'll work hard to stay ahead of that, so we have sufficient capacity. But just had a call this week, in fact, that -- and the feedback from the audit team that had gone there was really positive. The disparity with Chinese prices for some things has been an issue and has been beneficial to the Chinese marketplace given some of the impending legislation that's likely to change. And folks will look for different places to do the work, and they'll have to get it, too, for they'll have to get quality work, but lowest price point. So we're working hard to have our portfolio be have appropriate options for them. Our Chinese business, which is relatively small and not entirely, but principally small animals, has done well given the infusions of capital there. Unlikely to be impacted by any sort of U.S. legislation since we do work in China for China, and anticipate continuing to do that. So China is -- continues to be a good place for us from a growth and margin point of view. 
James Foster: Yes. So everything that happened in April is embedded in our guidance. So I don't want to cut it month-by-month. We're pleased with what's been happening, the moderation and decline of cancellations. By the way, as you know, we always have cancellations. I mean all we can say is what we said, which is that we have to see a reduction in cancellations for some sustained period of time to have confidence that it's meaningful and will continue. We believe that, that's the trajectory that we're on, but we have to. We have to experience that for that to be beneficial and in terms of our backlog. So it's an almost impossible trend to comment on what's happened historically is not necessarily relevant. You get different market conditions right now and different economic conditions and totally different competitive scenario, particularly on the Safety Assessment business. We're so much larger and I think so much more critical to the marketplace that, again, we're confident that as if and as the cancellations continue to decline, given the proposal volume, the booking should intensify.  That supports our notion for the back half of the year. One would imagine that as funding continues to improve, that cancellations wouldn't suddenly crank up again. So that's definitely a function of the economy we've been dealing with for the last 1.5 years. 
James Foster: We work really hard, and I think we've done this quite successfully -- I don't know, for at least, 1.5 decades. The marry capacity with anticipated demand. It's not just current demand because we have to build space a year or 2 in advance. And we've lived through a period -- a long time ago, but it was painful where we and everybody else in the industry just built too much space. And that has a deleterious impact on your margins, and it's tough to manage that when you're swimming in space. So we never want to get back to that. We have worked really hard, and I think successfully and not having an adequate amount of space. That's the risk, of course. You get the [indiscernible] work and you don't have capacity. So we never want to get there. So all I can say is we work hard to titrate our demand and anticipated demand and the competitive dynamic with building out new space at multiple sites. You have to titrate that against what the current demand is and how your current space is filling up. So I think we're doing that appropriately. We have to be really careful with the shareholders' money.  And from a CapEx point of view, I don't think we're in any way under capitalizing this business, both from a maintenance and a growth point of view. I think we're spending exactly where we need to be. And as I said, we need to call that right in advance. So we give it a great deal of thought. So I think it's -- we come through such an aggressive period of demand and aggressive building that it's just irresponsible to continue to spend at the same level given the current demand curve. Having said that, we obviously anticipate that demand will be better next year and the year after than it is today. We have 3-year guidance out there. And so we're building to that at least. 
James Foster: Not sure what normal is. But I'd say it's reasonably normal. As I said before, except maybe for some periods where the demand was overwhelming, there is a lag between proposals and bookings. And particularly in this period where people are trying to ensure that they have confidence in accessibility of capital. So the conversions are pretty much as we would have expected. And hopefully, that will improve, but there's going to be kind of 2 or 3 quarters necessary to get this to be more robust. We're heartened to see the proposal volume as is. People feel -- seem to be coming out of their shells, acknowledging access to capital, obviously, desirous of developing the rest of their portfolios. And that's underlying our anticipation at the back half of the year will be much stronger. So I think it's pretty much as anticipated. 
