James C. Foster: So MPI is doing expressly what we had anticipated that it would. It expands our geographic footprint. It expands our service offering substantially. It also gives us the ability to work on client mobility. So as you may have heard us say years ago, the most efficient way that we can operate this business is to think of our vast network as, let's say, a single building and be able to make sure that we keep it full. The way that you do that is that you have clients appreciate the capabilities that we have across all of our sites. So, several things happened pretty much immediately upon close. One is we had inbound calls from current Charles River clients saying we want to know about the site, we want to audit this site, we want to consider using it as part of our work with you. So that's been fabulous. We also had the inverse, which is MPI clients going to MPI for whatever reasons they originally went there, saying like to learn more about the Charles River portfolio particularly other specialty areas and other geographic footprints and also your discovery business so we can work with you on a more holistic basis. So, it's opened up a whole opportunity for us to interface with clients in a more efficient way, hopefully a more holistic way, get them to utilize the portfolio and have this incremental capacity that we get with the MPI acquisition be able to help us with our growth metrics as well. So, certainly it's been not just a larger company but I think stronger from a service offering and both an expansion of current specialty areas and the addition of a couple of new ones.
James C. Foster: It's a modest drag. So the point there to keep remembering and we'll keep mentioning it, it's magnified every time we do a transaction like this, is that virtually all the CROs, virtually all of our competitors, are clients. And that's a commentary on the fact that our animals are of extremely high quality and they want to use them themselves plus sometimes the sponsors request Charles River animals. So we haven't lost that business. When they're competitors, at least we have a piece of their work in terms of the animals that they buy. And in the case where we now own these entities, we have the vertical integration, which I think allows a lot of things. It's a lot of planning so we have a sufficient number of animals, we have the right strains in the right places. We obviously control quality, and we have a more efficient model. On the Research Model side, the principle issue on units has to do with the pharmaceutical infrastructure reduction, which sort of continues. Notwithstanding that, I think we're holding our own well. Particularly pleased with operating margins being nearly 30% in the first quarter. That's where we have guided you all to. And we're going to see the tailwinds coming from China, and complex services like Insourcing Solutions and GEMS.
James C. Foster: Wow. So we manage the client relationships very carefully, the way I'd answer that. So clients initially went to MPI for some reason, alleged smallness, alleged better service that comes with their scale, geography, historical preference, been a post-doc with somebody that worked there. Whatever the reasons are, they are not unlike the reasons that people went to WIL or the reasons that people went to us in the old days versus others, so. We told clients that they (42:47) obviously, at the Michigan site that we just bought. They can work with the same study directors and that really nothing will change if that's the way they'd like it. And I think some will like it that way. It's not our goal, though. I mean, our goal is to have them understand, audit and, hopefully, take advantage of the broader Charles River portfolio and, as I said earlier, vice versa, have our current legacy clients take advantage of the MPI site which by the way is a high-science, high-quality, very large facility. So there's a lot of new clients, Dave. This is not a dissimilar transaction to WIL. It's one site and it's all domestic. So, it's in some ways more straightforward but it's quite similar in terms of scale and client response and we really have done a superb job keeping the clients (43:46) and keeping the clients happy who were legacy WIL. And we're quite confident we'll be able to do that with the MPI clients and we're absolutely getting positive feedback daily on this. In terms of capacity utilization, we are not going to give you the exact numbers except to say capacity continues to be well utilized. It's a little less well utilized at MPI, which is a really good thing so that gives us the opportunity to grow there faster should we desire that that's the place we want to grow. The rate limiting factor there, just let me remind you, will be staffing. So we will have to hire people and have them properly trained to work there but that's a faster turnaround than incremental space. Bite your tongue that we would ever consider streamlining. We're in a situation right now we have really great demand, Dave. It's as good as we've ever seen it in the history of this company. You know the biotech inflows have been significant. I think the amount of work that the pharma companies are doing externally has increased. And I think that we'll need all available capacity. Of course as you know since you've seen a lot of it, we do have a significant amount of available space which will have to be renovated in Massachusetts and Reno and some ability to build small pockets elsewhere. So we feel very good about our ability to utilize our capacity strategically, opportunistically, thoughtfully and professionally and be able to do that without impairing our operating measures.
James C. Foster: You should. That's very long-term guidance and certainly our guidance for the year and, as you know, we've been able to do that for multiple years in a row. Microbial business was just a little bit softer than we would have liked and we explained that in our prepared remarks having shipping some additional product out of Europe in Q4, as we brought a new facility up online. And it's up and operating extremely efficiently and business is very good there and demand is good, and so we anticipate a strong second quarter. Biologics tends to have just historically kind of a funky first quarter. So it tends to be a little bit seasonal following the end of the year. So we saw a little bit lower sample volume than even perhaps we would have anticipated, but bookings and proposal volume are very strong there. We have really good franchise with multiple geographies at a time where biologics are getting to market in larger percentages than small molecule, so it's a really critical service that we provide. As you heard us say in our prepared remarks, we're beginning the process of making some modest modifications and beginning the process of moving into quite a large facility in Pennsylvania where we're going to consolidate space to accommodate demand. So feel really good about that sector on an organic basis going forward, both top line and bottom line. Even though the margins were terrific in the first quarter at 31% and change, we still think that they can be higher and be moving toward the kind of mid-30s that we told you was our long-term guidance.
James C. Foster: Yeah, we're not going to talk about pricing, as we told you, for competitive reasons. You get these sort of mix issues that are really tough to control, margins are in the final analysis comparable but you got higher startup costs on the long-term work. We have a little more long-term work now than short-term. That will normalize. It's just the natural ebb and flows of the business and given the strength of the backlog and the bookings and proposal volume, we're quite confident that that will begin to sequentially ameliorate as we move through the back half of the year.
James C. Foster: Yes. So on Biologics, quite confident about the bill for the back half of the year. Quite confident in the demand and the new space is both a consolidation of older space which is less efficient and being able to provide incremental capacity for growth. So it'll have a very modest impact on margin this year which you won't see, by the way, it's already embedded in our guidance, just to bring that online and the sort of smooth transition of a lot of complex scientific work from site to site and client to client. So we feel really good about that. Your other question's a really good one. Think about it a lot. We do buy some companies with operating margins of 20% or higher. We just told you that MPI was higher. We're driving significant efficiency out of our business every year and we have sized that – it's north of $60 million the last year or two. And we're getting that in most of our businesses. You saw that the RMS margin was higher in the first quarter as well. So we're very confident that we're knocking on 20%. Whether we get there this year or not, don't know. That wasn't our guidance, our guidance was to be better than the prior year. Yeah, it's possible that some M&A could retard our ability to move forward but that's certainly not the way we see it long term. And Derik, we try not to buy anything. Look, our preference would be not to buy anything with margins below 20%. That's a little hard to do but we certainly don't buy anything that we don't believe will get to 20%. So, we think on a consolidated holistic basis, that we'll achieve and exceed that goal.
James C. Foster: Yes. So China was slower in Q4 than we would have liked because we were capacity constrained. As we indicated, we have opened our new facility, which is outside of Shanghai with the express purpose of servicing the Shanghai market. It's a large facility that should not only allow us to support that marketplace much more efficiently than coming from Beijing, which is what we were doing previously, but to take share and grow with that market, which is dynamically growing and probably – not probably, Shanghai is certainly the center of a lot of biomedical research. So, we feel good about that. We will continue to invest in and around that area and other areas as well because China is going to be a geographic expansion play for us. So, unless we build new facilities, which are further west and south of where we are now, we won't be able to garner the work that's available in those locales. Competition continues to be government-backed organizations who are capable, but don't have the scientific history and rigor and capability and experience and reputation that we do, so quite confident in our ability to take share from them in this rapidly growing market. So, feel really good about that business going forward. As we said previously, we will slowly – probably acquire, but there may be some organic growth but we will slowly acquire other capabilities in China that mirror the current portfolio we have in the U.S. and Europe. That will be a reasonably insular marketplace where drugs will be developed in China for China and the work will have to be done in-country. The M&A opportunities are pretty robust, but we are carefully working our way through them. So you should expect that that would be an area of M&A expansion for us over the next few years.
James C. Foster: So I would refer you back to the WIL experience with a (54:47) similar sort of business. Again we had a raft of synergies that we were hunting to pull out. Very similar in the case of MPI. It's all about articulating what those synergies are, engaging fully which we did with WIL and there is no reason why we shouldn't do the same with MPI. So, in terms of talking about whether there's upside, well, we're 30 days or just over 30 days in, so why don't we just focus on delivering these synergies that we've called out.
James C. Foster: I'm just pausing to figure out how to do that without talking about pricing. I would say that capacity in Charles River's shop is fully utilized and while we never get in to see what our competitors are doing and I would actually say that, as we look back, WIL was more full than we would have had anticipated as a competitor of ours and maybe MPI is less full than we would have considered as a competitor of ours. So, you never know, I guess is my point. So, it is what it is, but we're not seeing any sort of aggressive or crazy or aberrant pricing behavior on the part of our competitors and really haven't for a while. So, I think everyone is filling up nicely. I think there's enough work to go around. I think we're certainly taking share when we want to, rarely using price except if somebody comes after us hard, which as I said is not happening very often. And then I guess the only thing I would say about price is that we certainly try to achieve it when we can. We have a lot of clients that have long-term contracts that are both price protected or at least protected in terms of the amount that we would increase price year-over-year. But I think – obviously our costs go up annually and we're delivering exceptional science in a responsive fashion, so we intend to get paid well, we intend to have our margins continue to improve. So, we'll continue to get as much price as is possible.
James C. Foster: Yeah. So, we obviously pay careful attention to that. There was a small deal announced this morning. So it will continue. There's 20 biotech deals that have happened since the beginning of the year. Lots of them – perhaps close to all of them – but certainly lots of them were clients. I'm talking about the targets. And there's a smoothing-out effect that we get. So our client base is so broad, particularly with the small clients that we don't really feel it but several things happen. Either nothing happens and those are complementary portfolios and an acquirer that doesn't have any internal capacity either or already works with us and wants to keep that work with Charles River. It's possible that that doesn't happen, but as I said, it gets sort of smoothed out in mix and there'll be new companies being minted all the time. So, we don't really notice that. You know that we don't have any large clients that account for more than 3% of our revenue. So, even if there was a big deal, the one that you're referring to, it's possible we have – there's no impact from that. I don't want to speak too specifically about that one. But usually there's a positive benefit when we have two large companies getting together on the service side, particularly on the Safety Assessment side as they will inevitably take out lots of costs. And so one of the ways that they get the benefit of that is by doing more outsourcing. So, typically isn't an issue for us. I doubt this one that was announced will be and we like our position and the breadth of our client base.
James C. Foster: Yeah. It continues to be a solid business for us. It continues to provide nice diversification. On a pure pharma world, you know that we do a bunch of that at WIL and at Edinburgh. So and have strong relationships with large clients who depend on us heavily. So, we like it.
James C. Foster: Sure. So, very pleased with the stabilization of that business and the strength of the Discovery business in totality. You all know that we got into this business to interface with the clients earlier and to effectuate some pull-through because clients absolutely don't want to stop and have multiple providers along the drug discovery and development pathway. So, we're seeing increasing number of integrated deals. So large proportion of integrated deals for the Early Discovery, a large proportion of deals at all for this Early Discovery business are integrated. So that's very good. A larger number are across multiple sites, which is even better. So they're utilizing the whole Charles River portfolio. And I'm not going to give you a specific percentage except to say that the numbers that are moving into Safety are increasing. We also have some long-term Safety clients who of course we did do discovery, we haven't done it for that long, who are very interested in our discovery work and want to start with us earlier on their next compound or compounds after that. So we're beginning to see probably a better articulation on our part of the pull-through. I do think that the organizational change that we made recently about literally pulling these businesses together from an operational point of view, having a more holistic sell-in process, very high scientific sell for Discovery is working very well for us. We have a much stronger competitive position than anybody in both Discovery and Safety, and the combined entity is one the clients are resonating with. So what we always (1:04:22) is beginning to happen. As we always said, this is somewhat a function of scale. Also a function of getting the word out, probably a function of clients talking with one another about the quality of the work that we're doing and us being able to connect the dots more effectively and clearly for them. So pleased with the way it's progressing.
James C. Foster: So we hope it takes a while. It's really a big building. The business is growing very fast. So it will take a few years to fill it which is exactly what we anticipated. The history space is such that it's not going to be a big drag on margins. As I said earlier, it's definitely a little bit of a drag this year because we have some duplication of costs as – and we may have some duplication of costs as well next year as we sort of move things from one site to the other without disrupting either the quality of the science or the work that's going on for certain clients. But it's a very high growth business and we needed space badly. It's actually very proximate to our old space so in terms of employee retention and the quality of work space, it's going to be terrific for our employees. So important the margins of that business should continue to remain strong going forward and we should be able to capture in the top line the significant demand that we're seeing by not being space-bound.
James C. Foster: The environment continues to be extremely strong. So, there are a lot of assets for sale across our whole portfolio, it's mostly PE owned, which means that nothing is going to come cheap, but we won't chase anything that doesn't have the sorts of returns that we would like. So to some extent, we become a natural consolidator in the nonclinical space. I think we have a strong leadership position. I think our balance sheet holds us in good stead. So, we feel good about the environment out there for the next few years.
James C. Foster: Yes. Small amount of globals. That was not what we originally anticipated when we did this deal. It's mostly Chinese clients, mostly government clients as so many companies are. And that's clearly the way that market is going. There's a huge infusion of capital in there by the government to invest in the life sciences. There's a proliferation of new biotech companies and pharma companies. You got a whole bunch of people being educated in the U.S. and Europe going back to China. So yeah, it's mostly going to be domestic.
James C. Foster: Yeah, it's somewhere between hard and impossible to predict it, because we've been asked this for years. I guess we would say that we rarely see a surge – be nice to see one and I guess we could – but we rarely see a surge even with big inflows. What we would tell you is demand is amazing, amazingly strong. Biotech continues to be the principal driver of growth even though the pharma business is strong for several years. We don't have any clients complaining about inability to fund programs. So, it's steady state. If we see a surge, great, but we don't really anticipate that. And I would say on your VC question, those relationships have been very powerful for us in terms of strategic understanding of the marketplace and how other companies like the ones that are being started by the VCs think and how they want to work with us. And just on a pure revenue basis, the aggregation of these new companies that are being started by the VCs has become a significant number for us. I think we sized it in our last call, rapidly approaching $100 million in revenue, so – and that should continue to increase.
