James Foster: We very much want to see the end of the year. We want to see how the following year begins. We moved away from that last year, but that's our normal cadence given the uncertainties and the complexities in the world. So we are highly likely to do this in February.
James Foster: This was a business when we bought it, it had much higher growth characteristics. It was a more meaningful part of the company. It was more strategic. It was more central to what we were doing because I would say it's more of a core competency. So margins are good. It's a true statement. I would say that it's moved into a no growth genre, which we obviously don't like, so it's dilutive to our top line. It's a business that has been okay, but we've been unable -- we've owned that business, by the way, since the mid-'80s. We've been unable to really crank it up in any meaningful way by moving into adjacencies, which we tried. So it seems that we should monetize it, use the proceeds for, in this case, probably debt pay down, but use our assets for more basic and relevant activities. So just sort of moved out of central focus. The other risk is when the business is not within your major focus, you don't give it the time and attention that maybe you would have otherwise. And given that we're in a kind of double-digit growth methodology right now, we certainly want to maintain that.
James Foster: We didn't see anything conservative slowdown anymore down the Discovery, growth rate has moderated, pretty much totally in line with our expectations. As we said on our last call, we've had a lengthening of decision making. We've had no clients or very few clients really focusing on the reason for the delay relative to funding. But if they have to make those decisions of doing slightly less discovery in order to do more IND work, they're going to do that all day long. So we haven't seen any fundamental difference in the cadence since the last time we talked about this.
James Foster: Yeah. We were very clear about the fact that the back half of this year, as exemplified by the third quarter, would have increased volume and increased price, which, of course, we just delivered and tightened up our guidance for the year, so that cadence is pretty clear. We have a unusually high amount of our safety assessment booked for next year at escalating and increasing prices, both related to inflation, but primarily related to the complexity, increased complexity of the work, the depth of the science that we do vis-a-vis our competitors and vis-a-vis big pharmaceutical companies. So we feel very good about our pricing power and some of the leverage we have with our clients. We feel really good about capacity utilization. We feel really good about headcount where we have it right now and our ability to do the work. And as we've been saying for a few years, as the work has gotten more complex, we really feel that we ought to be paid well for it. There were years historically, where we didn't think we were being paid well for it. I do think that, that's changed. So as we look to next year without getting too granular, of course, we haven't even finished the plan yet, but we do have a lot of work booked at higher prices.
James Foster: So we think it's a tale of two cities, right. So we think that any company, large or small with the promising compound, particularly for unmet medical need, will do anything humanly possible or financially possible to get this thing to an IND and ultimately in the clinic, where they often monetize the asset, right, sell the company, sell the drug, sell the U.S. rights or whatever. So that would jive with the strength of the backlog, which is increasing, the prices that are escalating, the share volume that we're seeing in 2023, which is unprecedented even though we had some of that in '22. Obviously, the discovery work comes earlier. And at some point, Dave, if you don't have a significant volume of discovery work that will impact the volume of safety work, but I think we're a long way away from that. I think we're seeing some thoughtful pauses with some of our clients just saying -- and a small number of clients, by the way, a very small percentage, just saying a lot of uncertainty in the world in terms of access to additional capital, particularly in the capital markets, and so we're going to prioritize our discovery assets well. Having said that, the inflows from the capital markets are increasingly better. Third quarter was better than the second, second better than the third. This will end up being a strong year. Venture capital inflows are at an all-time high. And pharma access to capital for pharmaceutical companies is probably at an all-time high. So again, we feel strongly that quality assets will be funded in one of those three incarnations or all of the above. So we're watching it closely as we just reiterated really not hearing a lot of conversations from clients saying, we really have to pause because we're worried about our cash. They're just pausing. So we're inferring that, which I think is the right inference, but Discovery is still a relatively small percentage of DSA. And so we're really thrilled with what we delivered in the third quarter. Optimistic about what we'll be able to deliver in the fourth quarter and pleased with the backlog that we have into fiscal '23.
James Foster: Panning out slowly. We've made a bunch of changes in that business. I think the two most fundamental changes in that business, the product line, the nature of the product line versus sort of off-the-shelf things and specialty items and also our access that social methodology to access donors. So all of that is now in place. We're optimistic that things will sequentially and continue to improve. But I would say it's improving slowly.
James Foster: I'd say that capacity is tight and expensive and the capabilities are complex, both in terms of analytical work and process development and ultimately scale up. It's inconceivable to us that biotech companies sort of large or medium would even contemplate this. There's a few big companies that we've heard of that have built their own space, less because they don't trust or like the external providers, but more about concerns about available capacity. So I think it's going to be a lot of work outsourced. There's going to be some work that's going to be internally -- facilities built internally and the work done internally. We'll see though whether that work is just for clinical trial lots or whether that will be commercial work as well. I think the biotech companies have done a wonderful job utilizing external resources to do their work. And so we have, we think, plenty of work and lots of conversations going on right now and have added incremental capacity and feel that we're in a good place to get our share of the pie.
James Foster: Yeah. We feel really good about our labor component. We've worked really hard at it for several years now, both in terms of starting wages, both in terms of numbers of recruiters, in terms of explicit career development opportunities so we can attract really talented people and keep them, I'm thinking about some of the cell and gene therapy folks that we've added over the last year or so. So in terms of numbers of people to initiate work or to continue to do work as we move into fiscal '23, we feel really good about where we're at. I think we got ahead and stayed ahead of the salary levels, both starting and otherwise for fiscal '22, and we had that embedded in our plan and in our guidance. While our '23 plan isn't done yet, we will do the same thing. We hope, I mean, yes. It's a little bit vague out there, but we will continue to be appropriately aggressive in terms of being able to bring in new folks. So we feel really good about our labor component. We feel really good about our capacity, available capacity at multiple sites. We feel really good about our pricing power. We feel really good about clients waiting a significant amount of time to initiate studies, getting in line and prioritizing what studies they want to do first, that's so new. We've been doing this for a long time, that sort of new the last couple of years. This is an industry that historically had some planned well, and there's lots of changes, but they really do have to plan well now, and that's, I think, holding us in good stead. So labor component is in a good place.
James Foster: So both Flavia and I will answer aspects of that question. I would say a couple of things. Number one, that we're deep into the integration of our cell and gene therapy assets, which obviously it has been more complex and more challenging than we thought given the nature of the science and the newness of the science and some of the challenges. So going well, really pleased with the facilities, the staff, the sales organization, the regulatory folks and new clients and also on sort of a massive marketing initiative to make sure that people understand that we're in this business. I think I want to use the word pause because we did the Explora deal. And we would do a small tuck in deal of a technology deal, depending on when it was available. We certainly don't always control the timing of these deals. But I would say that directionally, our balance sheet is increasingly in good shape to do some meaningful M&A. I don't want to say when that might be, except to say that we have multiple conversations going on right now with potential acquisition targets, almost all of which are owned by private equity. And we are always having conversations with them. I'll let Flavia answer what we're likely to do with the proceeds from Avian.
James Foster: Yeah. So we are optimistic about next year. It's a business that has limited providers, both of the services or the products required. So that provides enormous opportunity for us going back to the previous question about clients doing it themselves. 3,000-ish molecules, at least two-thirds of which are in a preclinical domain. So there's an awful lot of work available. So we've been working hard to have the right staff, the right facilities and the right dialogue for the clients know that we're deep in this in concert with our biologics business, which gives us, I think, a competitive advantage, also in concert with our Safety Assessment business. So we feel really good about our portfolio and the ability to service a whole range of cell and gene therapy customers across the whole CDMO really paradigm.
James Foster: Yeah. So we're not going to break out the growth rates and the specific pieces of manufacturing, except to say that we were pleased with the growth rate of Microbial, I'm pleased with the growth rate of Biologics. And not pleased with the growth rate of Avian, which is why we sold it. I don't think that business was particularly seasonal, by the way. We had a pretty consistent client orders sort of a long period of time for almost entirely Avian Vaccines, a little bit of human flu. So it was time to divest that business.
James Foster: Not really. I mean we probably have some settled gaps that as this business matures and strengthens that we'll take a look at. I think while it's possible to do it organically, it's probably some modest amount of M&A. But I wouldn't say that any of those issues are getting in the way of the growth of development of business. So I think it's -- we feel that we're making all the right moves to strengthen it, to access clients to distinguish our portfolio from the competition and to have both the space and the people and the regulatory acumen to move work forward, certainly into the clinic and hopefully, eventually into a commercial genre.
James Foster: Not going to give you the pricing and we really don't want to unpack it. So we're really pleased with both the volume growth and the pricing power in that business, which has improved pretty much sequentially year after year as the demand has increased as our competitive posture and capabilities have increased. So we're happy to be getting share, taking share and getting paid well for our business. We're very pleased with the improvement in operating margin in the third quarter. And particularly pleased with the volume of work that's already booked into fiscal '23.
James Foster: Proposal volume, we're busy, lots of proposals and lots of work being booked. Don't really see any rationale structurally demand-wise or otherwise and why things would moderate. We'll talk more about as we finish the year and throughout the year. And obviously, but our competitive posture seems to continue to strengthen. Pricing power, as I said, continues to strengthen and there's a lot of work. Clients are really busy with a whole range of large and small molecules, a lot of cell and gene therapy work. And so the thing that we've seen the most of is prioritization of what drugs they want to get in earlier. We tried to accommodate that. We also -- we didn't have it in our prepared remarks, but we do have some clients that have signed up a dedicated space with us. I think that's a really important happening and really an important sort of commentary on both the acknowledgment on the client's part that they need some vehicle to move relatively to the front of the line. So we'd be surprised if we don't see more arrangements like that.
James Foster: So China has been a place with strong growth rate and good margins, some pricing power. And a lot of that is associated with access to incremental animals and other geographic locals in a very large country. So we've continued to increase capacity, both for the product and the service side in RMS in China, and really, we're pleased with the results. And while we definitely have competition over there, most of its local and most of it is much less sophisticated from an animal quality and veterinary point of view. The dialogue about in-vitro technologies, 3D models, AI, I mean, all of that is not new. We're interested and have always been interested at Charles River in making sure that a minimal amount of animals are used and used appropriately for studies. We've seen the mix in animal models over the years with more refined, higher ASP models, so hypertensive animals, immunocompromised animals, double, triple quadruple immuno-compromised animals, inbreds, hybrids, et cetera., with higher ASPs and less sort of outbred models. I'd say a couple of things that, while I think there's a desire on the part of -- we have a public maybe for there to be a reduction or replacement of new technologies for animal models. And by the way, we see most of those technologies, they will not provide a sufficient safety profile. Most -- many of the drugs, many of the diseases for which we have drugs scientists don't understand the mechanism of action in most diseases. If we don't have drugs, they definitely don't understand the mechanism of action. So trying to replicate that the computer of cell culture or ex vivo system is very complicated, and it's unlikely that the drug companies would take the time to validate those technologies or the regulatory agencies with would be comfortable with that. Yeah. I think it's a little bit different with Discovery. So that's regulated safety. So we don't see any changes. You're going to need a whole animal model to get good results and in most cases, two different species. On the Discovery side, most of the big pharma companies have their own in vitro screens, which they don't share with anybody else. We've made a couple of investments right now in AI and machine learning. We'll make more investments in AI and machine learning. And we can see a time where some of the early discovery answers pre getting into animals, could be done in vitro and could be done faster. I think that's one of the places that we will all save time. So a little bit of a tale of two cities.
Flavia Pease: Sure. Hi, Derik. Good morning. It's Flavia. And to your point, since we provided that long term outlook about 18 months ago, a lot has changed, right? In the world in macroeconomic conditions, so we're certainly going to take the time to finish the budget for 2023, which will be an important jump off point for us to consider the longer term outlook. We continue to apply to deliver long term high -- long term healthy revenue growth and operating margin expansion. So the tenets of our long term aspirations remain, but we're obviously going to need to go back to the dry block and look at the numbers in more detail since to your point, a lot has changed since we went out 18 months ago.
Flavia Pease: If I may add, Dave, we started sharing the DSA backlog earlier this year. And I know that has been a slowdown in biotech funding going into this year. So we're now 11 months into the year. And every quarter, we have seen the DSA backlog increase sequentially and pretty substantially year-over-year. So we really haven't seen any slowdown on the DSA backlog that would point to any adjustments or anything being impacted by the biotech funding dynamics, which every quarter I know you all asked about. So we feel good, as Jim said, that we have a substantial portion of the backlog booked already for 2023.
Flavia Pease: Yeah. So Dave, you're correct that some costs have increased, and we are passing those increased costs to clients and keeping the same level of margin that we have whole. So they're neither dilutive or accretive to margin, if that makes sense.
Flavia Pease: Yeah, Patrick. So thanks for the question. And we regularly evaluate obviously uses of capital. As Jim said, M&A has served us well and has been in strategic revert for the company for the growth for us to acquire the scientific wherewithal to distinguish us with our clients. But in the short term, the near term, we're likely to focus our capital priorities on that repayment. And so I would expect a portion of the Avian proceeds to indeed go towards paying down debt. And we'll continue to look at capital priorities. We discussed it regularly with our Board, and we'll continue to evaluate other uses. But in the short term, likely a sizable portion of the Avian proceeds will go towards debt paydown, especially given the high interest expense -- interest rate environment that we're in right now.
Flavia Pease: Yeah. Sure. And Casey, just a couple of additional comments before I give you the backlog number. I think as Jim pointed out, it's incumbent upon us to get it all right, right? We have to have physical capacity, expanding our facilities at the appropriate time, not too soon, not too late. We have to have the people. I think Patrick asked about that. We feel really good that we got ahead, if you will. And you saw, when we provided guidance earlier in the year, we talked about a stronger second half for DSA, which I think there might have been some skeptics out there but we are seeing that materializing in the volume acceleration in the second half vis-a-vis the first half as all of those folks that we hire now become productive, they're out of training, and they can really be available to support the strong client demand that we're seeing and allow us to gain share, as Jim said. So I think we really have done a nice job of ensuring we had the available physical labor input capacity available to absorb the increase in demand. In terms of the backlog, the backlog in the third quarter was $3.2 billion. So it was about 7.5% sequentially growth versus the second quarter.
Flavia Pease: Yeah. And I would just add that the other component of manufacturing is obviously the CDMO business. And to Jim's point, while agent strategically, we have determined not to be the best fit with our strategic aspirations and ambitions. The biggest headwind, I would say, currently in manufacturing is CDMO, as we have talked about in the second quarter earnings.
Flavia Pease: We have exposure into various different currencies. So it's hard to give you a precise impact on -- depending on which currency it moves, it can have more or less of an impact. So it's not one point equals x.
Flavia Pease: Yeah. And I'll just add, I think in the second quarter earnings, we talked about, obviously, what we've learned in the CDMO as we took the assets, they're longer sales cycles. But I think actually, at this point, those longer sales cycles and the efforts that we have been doing and putting in our BT teams are very prudent us having good visibility into potential opportunities for next year. So we feel good, not only that we're going to have easier comps, but that we have line of sight to the underlying demand that Jim talked about.
Flavia Pease: So I just -- I provided -- I tried to provide some help for you guys is, how you model that. In 2023, about a 100 basis point change in interest rates would resulted about $9 million of impact to our interest expense. It's -- to your point, this year, because the Fed has moved pretty much every quarter, right? And every quarter, we have updated our interest expense outlook, it's hard to establish from which base. So I just wanted to provide you some modeling help that for next year, 100 basis points is worth $9 million.
Flavia Pease: You have different bases. So every quarter, it's going to be a little bit different. That's why it's challenging given what has been the escalating interest rate high this year.
Flavia Pease: No, I don't think so. Just remember, Tim, that there's also a 53rd week this year that I alluded to. So from a reported perspective, there's going to be that impact.
