Susan E. Hardy: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories second quarter 2017 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our second quarter results and updated guidance for 2017. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844 and the access code in either case is 426543. The replay will be available through August 23 and you may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 14, 2017, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Information link. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Susan E. Hardy: So I'll just add that the only acquisition we made in the second half of last year was Agilux. So from a – and growth from acquisitions would just be that one.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you soon and seeing you at the Wells Fargo, Baird and Morgan Stanley conferences in September. This concludes the conference call.
James C. Foster: Sure. I would say that the softness is primarily a manifestation of the continued reduction in infrastructure by the big drug companies. So as we said many times previously, we have a disproportionately large market share in that segment, the vast majority of share for sure. And as these entire sites or portions of sites come offline, that impacts us more directly. So it's a continuation. I don't think it's an acceleration. It's a continuation. There's probably some more to come. I would say that except for the very large biotech clients, biotech clients don't have large vivariums. They're not the biggest users of our animals. The other thing that's interesting to note is that a lot of the Research Model Services work has now been outsourced to companies like us. So we're selling to other CROs. We're also using a lot of the animals internally. It's a continuation of a multi-year decline, offset somewhat by price and mix. We'll continue to be offset somewhat by price and mix, and hopefully, continue to be offset significantly by growth in China and the services business, which we saw a little of in this quarter. Our academic, sales for our academic clients, I don't have the percentage at my fingertip, but it's been a focus of us. I'd say we've always had a significantly large market share in Europe and Japan, less so in the U.S., but it's an area that we're focused on and we continue to do well at. It doesn't significantly offset the declines by big pharma who has tended to be the principal user. So as we've said, we're going to have low single digit growth for the balance of the year and probably into the future. It's a business that will continue to generate very high 20% operating margin and generate significant free cash flows. We're investing aggressively in China. We have a facility being completed now in Shanghai. And we continue to invest in our service businesses as well and the business continues to be sort of an underlying feature of Charles River being known by researchers around the world for its scientific expertise.
James C. Foster: Yeah. Agilux is a highly responsive service provider of bioanalytical services, both in discovery and in development. And the trend is principally – is in large measure the plethora of biotech companies in the greater Boston area who use Agilux increasingly as a service provider, who does great science in close proximity with (37:04) and we're getting obviously some enhancement, which is the raison d'être of doing the deal of the marriage between Charles River and Agilux. So we, legacy Charles River, has provided them an entrée and an introduction to large pharma, and also kind of validated them for large pharma, So, I think that's been an upside for them as well and it provided a certain level of solidity to them as they do this. And I just think from a competitive point of view, they remain sort of at the top of the heap. So, we had very high goals in our acquisition plan for them. They're exceeding them consistently. And I do think it's just a combination of our sales effort and access to client and the quality of their work.
James C. Foster: Correct, briefly. So it's really two things. One is we had some health issues with some flocks last year to report and we didn't restate that. So that's sort of continuing. And we had the single client issue that has nothing to do with us. It just has to do with work that we do for a single client. So it's a small business, but it's a little bit of a drag on the Manufacturing segment. Notwithstanding that drag, we had over a 34% operating margin. So we did mention it in the context of the margin erosion there. And Celsis has been performing well. Celsis actually has been beneficial to the Accugenix revenues because it really enlivens that so we can do bacterial IV and then identify exactly what you've identified specifically. So it's been helpful there. We have a nice growth and development in the non-pharma sectors and are beginning to intensify our efforts in the pharma sector, which was not a stronghold of Celsis, and of course, it's our principal focus. So we love the three parts of that business. They interact well with each other and lots of clients buy all three of those products and services, and we think that will be increasingly so.
James C. Foster: Yeah. So, we'll stop short of delineating size, but I guess what's important to note in the services, which we did say in our prepared remarks and we'll continue to emphasize is, there is upside growth from the services for sure, including potentially RADS. We have a one client year-over-year anomaly. So a relatively small but high margin business and high science business. And it's an important part of our services. GEMS is definitely a critical research tool. Genetically engineered models are a critical research tool for all of the drug industry. The advent of technologies, CRISPR in particular, are allowing the researchers to make better models faster, which should help our service business which supports that. And we did note that our Insourcing Solutions business had a little bit of upside in the quarter. That's a business that we still think has great promise. It continues to frustrate us a little bit because we would have thought a larger number of our big clients would utilize our services, but we're still hopeful that that could happen. So I guess, I would say that the service business is small but meaningful, should grow disproportionately fast. By the way, has good margins, so has not been dilutive to margins. We remember pointing that out years ago because as it was growing, people were a little bit concerned about that. So, and we're seeing that on an international basis. By the way, we should see the service business over time continue to grow in China as well. So I think that's all the color we're prepared to give, Eric.
James C. Foster: Sure, sure. So, let's start with Safety, terrific demand, a lot of demand in the first quarter for Discovery and Safety from pharma, which hasn't necessarily been the case, intensified demand from biotech in the second quarter for Safety. Capacity utilization is terrific, client base continues to grow/ The quality of our service continues to grow, and we love our WIL acquisition that's contributing. I don't think we said that loud enough in our prepared remarks. We love the deal. It's given us great geographic footprint and really great science and service and it's going really well. We had a comparatively soft first quarter in Safety, so a stronger quarter, much stronger quarter in the second quarter. And the lack of linearity in that one, lack of linearity from quarter-to-quarter and always a little murkiness in the fourth quarter is maybe causing the way we phrase it. But basically, the Safety Assessment business is going to perform at or around low double digit growth, or 10% growth. So, we're confident with that and really are enjoying market share gains, the amount of work that's coming outside from big pharma and just a whole host of new biotech clients. Discovery, maybe we cut it too finely, so let me give you a sort of broader gauge comment on Discovery. It continues to be perhaps the most strategically relevant or important thing that we've done in the last decade. I think we have acquired extremely good assets. The legacy businesses, which is sort of euphemism for the in-vivo businesses are performing extremely well, including the oncology business we bought last year in Germany. We are enjoying growth and development in the Early Discovery piece. We have a lot of more work with a lot more clients because we have a much more sophisticated selling organization and operational organization that interfaces with the sales force. And we have a lot of very creative deals. And we called out the Nimbus one. We're also seeing, which was again one of the raison d'êtres of doing those deals is to have clients work with us from Discovery all the way though Safety. Actually, I have clients work with us from – some of the early animal work through Discovery, through Safety, and we're seeing that as well. So, all of the things that we hoped would happen are happening. We're happy with the margin expansion there, both short-term and directionally. And all we called out – we didn't mean to overstate that is the Early Discovery piece has had some very large pharma deals, which were milestone-based, which provide some challenging year-over-year comparisons. And until we have more of those deals, the comparisons will be a little challenging just in that piece of it. But Discovery should be increasingly accretive both for the top line and the bottom line, albeit a small piece of DSA, and again, the portfolio is beginning to mesh very well.
James C. Foster: I think, Dave, the most important thing to remember there since it's not a royalty stream business is that we've discovered targets that most sophisticated drug companies in the world couldn't discover on their own. By the way, the last time we looked at the data, about 1/3 of those went to clinical trials. So that's a pretty good data point as well. And I guess what it does, every time I think about it, is it underscores the strength of our science and I think it keeps the clients coming back for those services and also the pull-through services. So, it's really important and early stage in the funnel for us.
James C. Foster: Yes. So, to a certain extent, this is a continuation of infrastructure reduction, but for the biggest drug companies, it's a constant process of focusing beyond the therapeutic areas where they can distinguish themselves and maybe getting rid of therapeutic areas where they can't vis-à-vis the competition, spending their money more wisely. And some of that's going to have to do with whittling back their R&D infrastructures and organizations. And the result of that for us is that, to some extent, it's accelerating the outsourcing trend. To some extent, it's continuing the outsourcing trend, and to some extent, it's accelerating it. Remember that still a significant amount of safety is being done internally. So, as they dismantle some of the space and cease doing the work internally, we have an opportunity to do the work. I think we're going to increasingly see that in Discovery as our footprint grows nicely. Given that the increase in pharma – disproportionate increase in pharma revenue that we had in the first quarter across most of our businesses, I would say that we haven't seen any adverse impact from it. And hopefully, it will engender and cause and force additional outsourcing for us, which is sort of what we're organized to respond to.
James C. Foster: I don't think there's anything new, Derik. There's sort of a continual decline in use for a long time in favor of more highly valued animals, like immunocompromised animals and inbred. So, we have seen that margin enrichment. And then, as I said earlier, we have this interesting anomaly with instead of selling into – selling the animals to pharma, we sell to CROs, of which we are the largest in the early development phase. So, yes, you have to all think of it on a see-through basis. We're getting that revenue and profitability in our service businesses. And so we're actually the beneficiary for that shift to some extent. But CROs will talk about some big drug companies.
James C. Foster: Yeah. So, to take the easiest one first, by the way, we're going to stop short of giving real-time pricing data, because we feel that's putting us at a competitive disadvantage since we don't have any public competitors anymore, but we will confirm the fact that we expect that pricing in Safety will be between 3% and 5% when we end the year. So that's the story there. I would say that the competitive landscape hasn't changed much. There wasn't a lot of movement in the last couple of years. We have a lot of private equity owned competitors, which means at some point that those competitors quick consolidate or trade again. We've always thought we're the sort of only pure play company that's in this for the long-term. We see some periodic aggressive pricing. I think that's an always, always that depends on what our competitors' capacity utilization looks like. You see a little more of it in the end of the year to seed capacity going into the next year. But I would say it hasn't been particularly irrational. I would say that, as best as we can understand it, our competitors have good demand for their businesses as well. I think that's good for the entire industry. But clearly, we have maintained, retained and continue to be the market leader and continue to take market share from most of our competitors, sometimes with the portfolio of services, sometimes with the quality of our science, sometimes occasionally with price, but, and sometimes with all of the above.
James C. Foster: We continue to enjoy both of those markets just as client diversification efforts. The REACH initiative is still an important one for us and should continue to be. And the ag business, I don't remember calling that out specifically one way or another. It's a business that is reasonably consistent, and again, an important to us from a diversification and expansion of client point of view.
James C. Foster: It's hard to tell. The revenue dollars in the U.S. are not insignificant. I mean, they're meaningful. On a percentage basis, it's always been sort of the smallest segment for us and we have competitors that have always done better on a percentage basis because of their lower price points, which is no longer the case. We've been pounding on the academic market, I'd say, for at least a half a dozen years and we have picked up some share. And, yeah, I guess we should be the beneficiary of additional NIH dollars, but it's pretty subtle even to our RMS business and certainly subtle to the totality of our revenue, but we'd obviously always prefer to have NIH revenues up for the whole host of our client base.
James C. Foster: Well, we don't slice it that finely for public consumption, so I'm not going to give you any specific numbers except to say that the biotech sector, including very small biotech clients, continues to be an increasing proportion of our revenue, increasing driver. These are companies many of which are virtual, but these are small companies that have virtually no internal capability. They have an idea or a drug or something patented and then they increasingly want to outsource all of the development work to get the drug to proof-of-concept or to kill it. So given the enormous amounts of cash that's come in from the capital markets to these companies directly, I think it was up 45% from Q1 to Q2, given the enormous amount of money that is going into the venture capital sector, given from this venture capital sector, given the enormous amount of money coming into biotech directly from big pharma, companies are extremely well financed. They're doing lots of work. We never hear anything otherwise. And we just have a very large and growing cadre of clients. So, I would say that our business with the small biotech companies continues to be quite strong.
James C. Foster: So, we haven't broken out the growth rate for China, except to say it's exceptional. It's reminiscent of what the growth rates were in the U.S. and Europe many years ago when those were new markets. And so, we're sort of just scratching the surface there, too. Obviously, it's a gigantic geography with lots of people and potential patients, real patients. And we're working to elevate the quality of the animals that are used in research and I think we're doing a good job of that. So, we think it has long-term consistent and concerted growth metrics. It's still a relatively small part of what we do, but sort of similar to our Japanese operation, which we've had for a long time, which has slowed. It will eclipse that sometime soon I suspect. And the other markets, U.S. and Europe are mature. We have very large market shares. We continue to get price and then some mix, and occasionally some market share gains, particularly in the academic sector. So again, that's kind of what the global marketplace looks like. Those are the only geographic locales that are meaningful. There's not going to be a new one. And all of that is kind of buttressed by the service revenue, which is again not linear, but I would say over a period of years has been consistently up.
James C. Foster: So, Adam, what we've called out in foreign exchange is there is a negative impact on foreign exchange for the year. At the beginning of the year, we said that would have a 2% to 2.5% impact on our revenue growth. Now of course, we're seeing foreign currencies strengthening. And so, the impact we're seeing now is about 1%. We also called out that at the beginning of year that the headwind that we were seeing, when we were seeing 2% to 2.5% was about $0.10. And of course with the anniversary of Brexit, we'll see if that's going to impact in the second half year there.
James C. Foster: So, Microbial detection and Biologics are the principal drivers. Biologics continues to be driven obviously and only by the increased number of biologics coming through the pipelines and getting to market. And I think we all believe that will only continue. So our business has actually accelerated in the last few years. And as we indicated in our prepared remarks, are adding staff and equally importantly capacity all over the world to accommodate that. We don't see any reason why that should moderate. The Microbial Solutions business is a big market where we're the key player. We have multiple technologies that competition doesn't. And the core businesses, which is the antitoxin detection market, we are constantly in the process of converting clients from sort of old line technology to our handheld device, our devices and cartridges, which have much higher ASPs and better margins, so that's a process that will continue. So we have a expanding market, a technology conversion and on the Biologics side sort of the importance of the core technologies, which are driving it. And as we said and continue to say, we don't see any reason why this low double digit organic growth shouldn't continue indefinitely. And when we say indefinitely, we sort of look at the world in these five-year chunks as we do our strategic plan.
David R. Smith: Yeah, So, first of all, of the 76, some of them will by definition have died. It's actually very difficult for us to track every single one of using your expression of our children as they march through the pipeline, because of course clients don't often disclose whether they're marching forward or not. We know that we had one that's been approved by the FDA. We know that's a rarer number in Phase 3. So we're hoping to see more of those actually get through to the finish line. That said, our model has always been that it's a fee-for-service type structure. We don't take downstream royalties. We don't take downstream payments beyond the work that we agreed to do. And therefore, there's no conflict of interest and that's the sort of structure that we always set up with our Early Discovery portfolio.
David R. Smith: Well, actually, the – I mean, you take WIL, for instance, it's not dissimilar to the legacy Safety because it's Safety Assessment work that we're providing. We really, it's not the sort of number that we're kind of breaking out anymore. What we have said about it is that we're delivering all the measures that we've given externally. We're meeting or beating the measures we've had internally. We did declare at the very start when we bought WIL that is – I mean the sort of growth rate that they were seeing were not dissimilar to the growth rates that we were seeing in Charles River.
David R. Smith: Well. So, part of it was to do with the RMS, which we've specifically called out and we've had a number of questions actually post the prepared remarks. The second point to your point was around investments in our facility expansion, staffing. We talked about China, but we're also investing in Safety Assessment, Biologics and Microbial because the sort of demand that we're seeing in the future. I guess the third point I would call out is that the Q4 is always difficult to call. If you remember last year, Q4 was stellar, but we've had quarters, Q4 quarters in the past where clients have been holding back. So, it's difficult at this point in the year to be able to be certain what Q4 would look like. And for that reason, we also felt that should go into the mix in terms of how we prepared our guidance for the remainder of the year.
