James Foster: Hi Dave. We’ve been saying for an awfully long time – several years, at least – that drugs are going to be rolling off patent, the whole drug development process would have to change, that we would all have to do what we do best and that the drug companies would inevitably outsource this work. And not that we’re great sages; it was just sort of clear from looking at the cost structures and looking at how we had built out our business and the things that we could do for them that it’s been a little bit frustrating over the last few years the rate at which this hasn’t happened as quickly as we had anticipated. But be that as it may, it’s clear now that we are in the midst of a significant change in the way the clients are operating. We have these two large deals – one that we can name the client and one that we aren’t able to. We have several other conversations in various stages of that sort of process, but it’s clear that as the drugs roll off and as they re-look at their infrastructure, and of course we’re seeing—and I’m not saying that we’re literally the catalyst for this, but we’re seeing facilities being closed as we said they would – several years ago, we pointed to this – and staff being reduced, at least in the areas where we can help them. So we’ve got this wonderful symbiotic relationship where we’re doing the work for them, we believe, scientifically as well as fast or faster and at a beneficial value proposition. The other thing that’s important is that we’re utilizing the whole portfolio and so clients who have bought from us historically sort of on a transactional but non-strategic basis across our portfolio are being much more strategic about those purchases, and as we pointed to in the prepared remarks, we sign these large deals but we become very much the partner of choice, the scientific partner of choice, and we’re finding that very quickly there is additional work beyond the confines of that deal and beyond the confines of what we had done with these clients previously that we’re more apt to get and in fact are getting. So we’re very pleased with our ability to essentially take share and do so principally on a scientific basis. In terms of the embedded prices, it sort of depends on the nature of the work; but I would say that we’re pleased in most cases with the prices that we’re getting. You said how do they compare to spot prices? You know, again, that depends. For most of the deals that we’re doing, and some aren’t large strategic deals but they are large relationships that we’ve had, we’re obviously seeing that with the transfer of protocols and those smoothing out over time and the increase in volume that the value proposition improves, we often bid knowing that we will be able to improve the profitability as the volume increases and we’re quite confident that we’ll be able to do that. We’ve also indicated our capacity is filling, so we’re being very thoughtful about how we fill it from here on in and what the relationship is between large clients and small ones, between long-term deals and short-term deals, and between specialty talks and general talks and also between GLP and non-GLP.  So it’s a very interesting patchwork right now and one that we think will continue to if not accelerate, continue at this rate where we find more clients. And yes to your question – I think that the announcement of a specific client has gotten the interest of others, and in the previous deal where we couldn’t announce it publicly, we have said in our conversations with the Street that we have used that client as a reference with other potential clients, and that’s obviously gone quite well. So the notion that our clients will increasingly become our advocates and help us with kind of the sales and validation process, we think is a very, very powerful one.
James Foster: It’s hard to say. I would say that with a lot of these pharmacies that weren’t testing as they had our technology available to them, it’s likely that some of this stuff could have been prevented. So you know, we’re talking about very early detection of these things, and yeah, we’re quite cognizant of the potential for us. I couldn’t begin to quantify the value to the business, but it’s exemplary of the type of expansion capabilities we now have with rapid microbe testing in addition to the rapid endotoxin testing.Eric Coldwell – Robert W. Baird: That’s fair. And if you’ll allow me one more – I did a quick search of the Biocon website as you were speaking. It’s a pretty interesting website, but I can’t actually find any data immediately available on the total R&D budgets of their membership base. But it’s some very large companies, so I’m curious if you can give us some sense as you displace Harlan there, if you can give us some sense of the incremental opportunity to grow that business over time.
James Foster: Sure. This is a piece of work that we have wanted to secure for a long period of time. You’ve got this huge concentration of some of the best biotech companies and other institutions in the world in southern California, and obviously we have a significant west coast operation there so it makes a lot of sense that we would be their provider. As we’ve said, the rate of adoption is sort of unknown – we think it will be modest at the beginning and accelerate. All we can say is it’s a several million dollar opportunity, assuming that the majority of it comes to fruition; but it’s sort of difficult to pinpoint how quickly that will happen. But the opportunity is there and the clients are certainly well aware of that, and it would be financially advantageous of them to take advantage of our relationship with a size of contract.Eric Coldwell – Robert W. Baird: That’s great. Thanks very much.
James Foster: So the global number is 24%. As we’ve indicated for the last few years, that’s up dramatically. It used to be in the mid-teens, so by focusing our sales force globally on this sector and by the fact that our price points versus the competition have been—the premium has been reduced dramatically, we’ve gotten a lot more traction in the academic marketplace. And by the way, I believe that we can continue to do so going forward. As we indicated in the prepared remarks, the increase in the academic and government sector has slowed somewhat over ’11 – it’s sort of flat, actually. The academic piece is up a bit more than the government piece. We did have a couple of government contracts which we actually rebid on and did not win for a variety of reasons, principally price; but yeah, around the edges there’s probably a subtle reduction in demand but not as much as you would anticipate. As we’ve indicated previously, the research model business in particular is not particularly price sensitive. It’s a relatively low volume purchase or low ticket purchase for our clients. If you’re doing basic research, you’re going to use animals, and so we don’t see the sort of severe impact that perhaps some people that are selling larger, more expensive pieces of equipment might. We also have a lot of embedded government contracts with multiple year durations which are in good stead, and we’ve always had a very big piece of the government business in Europe where it’s actually a bigger percentage of the whole than it is in the States. So if we’re seeing anything, it’s subtle, slight slowdown versus the prior year; but really, nothing dramatic that concerns us, and we would anticipate that we would continue at least on the pure academic piece of this, through this concerted sales effort be able to continue to have at least a slight uptick in that going forward.
James Foster: Yeah, hypothetically as we have these large relationships and we get closer scientifically with clients and they kind of look at us as really an extension of themselves, the potential to expand that to the non-GLP area, for instance, is certainly there. I wouldn’t want to say with any certainty that we can make that happen. I’m sure we will. I continue to have those conversations with this client and with others. Our footprint is quite strong scientifically, as we said, particularly in the CNS and oncology areas where lots of clients, including that particular one, are spending a lot of dollars. So we’ll certainly continue to have the dialogue. It all depends on the client’s readiness to outsource that type of work, and their readiness is somewhat enhanced by the knowledge that we have the capability for them.
James Foster: As we said with the last question, we would hope that through our relationship that we would be able to expand our service offering to them and they would be interested in that as well. It’s a better value proposition for them, and through these deals you really get to understand the expectations of the client in terms of service and time frame and IT interface, and we understand their expectations better as well. So there’s a more comfortable basis upon which to do that sort of work, so yes, we would hope so but it’s not built into the contract. I mean, I want to be clear about that.
James Foster: I don’t think we have that number at the tip of our fingers, Doug. We certainly have some relationships and some sales to some of those clients, but a lot of the opportunity is incremental and we weren’t able to do work with those clients previously because they had this preexisting relationship with one of our competitors at more attractive price points. So we do think this will be beneficial, notwithstanding the fact that we had some of these clients already.
James Foster: So Tycho, it’s pretty straightforward. This is becoming a major life sciences center with large local companies, a growing cadre of biotech companies, and a whole bunch of international companies that are going to do work to develop drugs de novo in China, and they’re absolutely going to want to use the same quality animals they’re using elsewhere. As we’ve said actually for a few years now, we continually assessed the opportunity to be in the research model business in China and up to this point haven’t felt that the market opportunity was significant enough for us. We do think the opportunity is significant enough now, and we think the growth rate will be impressive for us. It’s a good-sized market. The research models that are available now are primarily from government-based production operations at very low price points and at very low quality points as well, so they don’t have this sort of virulogical and bacteriological and genetic sort of consistency that our animal models have. So this is a licensee of ours, so they have our breed stock. It’s sort of a derivative facility; it’s very Charles River-like. It’s a very good opportunity for us. We intend to set the quality standards and eventually the pricing standards for laboratory animal production and research in China, and we will increasingly expand our presence into other areas in which we operate. So with this acquisition, we get a RADS laboratory and a GEMS capability. As I think you know, we also have a small endotoxin company in China. We source our non-human primates from there, and so increasingly we will do more and more of our work there. But it feels very good to have a strong research model business as the hub and the center of our activities going forward.
James Foster: Well, we’re seeing that decline in the third quarter really for two reasons. One is the normal seasonality, which we have every third quarter. The other is we’ve had a continuous decline in small animal sales for a while now. Some of that’s related to tox and some of that’s related to the low spending in the discovery area, and some of it is for sure related to the continued concentration of our client base, reduction of facilities. We’ve had multiple big pharma site closures either happen or announced in this fiscal year, and we anticipate there probably will be more of those. Obviously, at some point that will level off. That over time should be offset somewhat by the sort of mix issues with more highly valued models or genetically based models, and any uptick obviously in the tox business would be an improvement as well. So it’s been in a decline but somewhat leveled off.
James Foster: Yeah, a couple things – number one and interestingly enough, a lot of those short-term studies are actually pretty complicated, so we find ourselves doing very complex work for our clients; and again, I think our scientific holds us in very good stead vis-à-vis the competition. We’re going to continue to focus there. We have had an increase in longer term GLP work, sort of not the great balance that we’ve seen historically but it is improving, so you’ve got obviously some of the molecules are moving through short-term studies to longer term ones. I’d say that the mix—you didn’t ask this, but the mix between specialty work and general tox is okay, somewhat better than it has been previously. Again, we’ve had periods where that was almost 50/50 or better. So I’d say that the mix of business is subtly improving with more long-term studies and extremely complex ones as well.
James Foster: I think I’m going to ask you to repeat the question. I know you were talking about what’s different from what we said after our Q2 call going into Q3—
James Foster: Well, what I would say about Q4 specifically is that we talked about the 53rd week, which I think was a little bit of difference in some of the analyst call; but also, we had the benefit of the quote-unquote budget flush last year, and while we didn’t necessarily expect that this year, we expect things to be a little bit more normal and I think now we’re a little bit cautious about some of our clients actually restraining spending, so I thin that’s a little bit more maybe on the preclinical side but as well on the RMS side. We probably have seen a little bit more softening in our large biopharmaceutical accounts in the research model side, and I think other than that, I don’t know that I would add anything else.
James Foster: Well, year-end is always a little bit of a seminal moment. We are putting our plans together as we speak, and we’ll be providing guidance in mid-December so that’s probably a data point or a point in time where we could give you a little bit more clarity on that.
James Foster: It’s going to be both, Ross. I mean, obviously we’re going to have—it’s going to be a much more straightforward proposition to sell higher quality and higher value models to international companies that are our clients in other parts of the world, but obviously we’re going to have a focus on educating the local user, both government and commercial start-ups in this sector, to the value of high quality animals. You know, we’ve done this for almost 70 years throughout the world, and the research results will be better. So it will take some time but as that market grows, we will have a central role in this, both geographically and in terms of the scientific quality of the animals, and through seminars and other things we’ll educate this marketplace as we’ve educated other marketplaces throughout the world, so we’re quite confident in our ability to drive growth.  By the way, this business that we’re buying, while we haven’t broken it out, it has very good operating margins so we’re really happy with the value proposition. We’ve got very high quality facilities with our own animals, and with our direct participation now and expansion, we’re really going to be able to educate the marketplace. We’re hitting it just at a time where there’s a lot of increased investment, both internally by the government and externally through these global pharmaceutical companies. We’re really excited to be there in a significant way, and we think that we timed it quite well.
