Jim Foster: Yes. So, I guess, to start, we continue to be pleased with the growth rate of that business and it grew at double digits for 2019. We’ll grow it double digits for 2020 and it’s essentially growing at double digits since we’ve owned it. And we’re constantly talking about the nonlinearity of our businesses pretty much in every call. So, I want to remind you again on this one. So nothing really unusual. It’s the way the orders fell. We’re constantly upgrading our systems in terms of new generations of both hardware and software, staying multiple generations ahead of the competition. And sometimes, you don’t have that right in terms of having – put something new in the marketplace and people will wait for that. So there’ll be harmony between new products and software, new hardware and software in 2020 and going forward. It was a bit out of sync, and it’s tough to sort of predict what systems people will buy when, if we had a stronger third quarter, for instance.So, nothing particularly unusual. It’s just the continued cadence of the business and continued innovation of the business and continue to really enhance the systems we have out in the marketplace based upon feedback and input from our clients, who are using them.
Jim Foster: Sure. We are really thrilled with this deal. I was just visiting the location. It’s a really great and enthused management team. The technology is terrific and the demand is meeting our expectations. The terrific sales organization, which is being enhanced by the Charles River sales organization, who’s out with a bunch of clients that they wouldn’t otherwise have previously accessed. The continuity and ability to hand off cell therapy drugs from product and service within the Charles River portfolio is really, really powerful and not something anybody else can do. And I think we reported that we have about between $140 million and $160 million worth of revenue in this space. It’s obviously going to increase dramatically. HemaCare is going to grow at least at least 30%. It’ll be terrific for the research models segment but also really expand the initiation of so much of this work, whether it’s an R&D process improvement or manufacturing with clients, who are in this space who can count on us. And like all clients, they’re always going to rush to market, and the ability not to have to find new providers of particular products or services in this space will be quite powerful.We’re enhancing our portfolio of assays in our biologics business. We have capabilities in our microbial business to test these products. We have special immunocompromised animal models in the research model business. And of course, we’re going to do these combination studies between Discovery and Safety which will be powerful as well. So, it’s a wonderful fit in our portfolio. It enhances it nicely. Like a lot of other things that we’ve been doing in the Discovery space, in particular, gets us to start really early with the clients. There are other acquisitions in the cell and also in the gene therapy space, both on the product and the service side that we are pursuing at various stages. We’re thinking about geographic expansion of this business. The capacity they have right now is a California-based operation. The capacity they have right now in California is relatively new and will help them grow in that locale for a while, but we want to take advantage of other locations. So, we’re seriously pursuing that. I think I’ll stay away from the specifics of exactly where that is.
Jim Foster: Sure. As a general proposition, capacity is well utilized pretty much across the board. And having said that, we have, and we’ll continue to add, strategic amounts of space at multiple facilities pretty much simultaneously because we can’t drive all of our clients to a particular site. So we want them to be able to have the benefit of proximity and the specialization services at certain of our sites. Having said that, we still have a meaningful amount of space at our MPI site, which is a very large building. We had the space when we bought that site. We’re continuing to fill it up, but we have that additional lever to be able to open runs that are already built out, which we’re very happy to have.We also have some small amount of space, available space that came with the CiTox deal. So between those two locations, and remember, CiTox has big locations in France and Canada and smaller ones in other parts of Europe. So the geographic dispersion is very powerful. The margins for WIL, which were in the mid-teens, have been improving. The margins for Citoxlab will continue to improve in that business. We will continue to get price and volume, and we hope the mix between specialty and general tox is favorable, so that should continue to drive margins, certainly in the mid-20s and longer. Maybe David wants to say some more about margins.
Jim Foster: If you’ll bear with us, we’re going to not peel that onion back too much. We want – we look at the DSA segment as a continuum and we want you to do that as well. So, our guide is about high single-digit top line growth, and operating margin getting to the mid-20s is the composite. I would say that Discovery is the aggregation of several acquisitions, most small, one sort of medium size. We bought all of those businesses with the goal and assumption that they could grow it at least low double digits. And we bought them with the assumption that they would have at least a 20% operating margin. So, I think all I would say is they’re continuing to move in that direction. And both the margins have been improving and the top line growth has been improving. We’ve been particularly pleased for the last couple of years with our Early Discovery business, which is a larger piece and sort of one of the things that really crystallized and solidified the Discovery strategy for us starting very, very early with the clients.So, we’re seeing some nice, nice growth rate there. I think we’ve also called out an oncology franchise throughout the year. Obviously, given the significant amount of investment by our clients in cancer, we should and are the beneficiaries of that. So, we’re very pleased with Discovery, pleased that 20% of those clients are also doing Safety with us, that will only be enhanced and continue to be improved. And we’re seeing some nice pull-through from one service offering to another. We’re also seeing Integrated Discovery, Complex Integrated Discovery deals across multiple sites that are getting some traction.
Jim Foster: Yes. So, I would say that Discovery is an area of focus for M&A. It’s not – certainly not the only one. We have opportunities in RMS and we have opportunities across other parts of the portfolio as well, including Biologics and Microbial. So it’s a robust marketplace for us to look at deals, many of which are private equity owned. So, they’re sort of always for sale, just depending on the timing and the price. So, there are some straight-up Discovery opportunities that we’re looking at, we are interested in adding to our therapeutic area of capabilities, and we’re interested in other services in Discovery. What you should pay attention to are the technology deals that we have been and will continue to announce. So just to reiterate, the strategy there, we need to be, if not cutting-edge, close to it. And it’s very hard to assess the strength of all of these new technologies and to place bets.So, to enhance the probability that the bets that we place are successful, we’re making small equity investments or providing some debt financing to a host of companies, primarily in the Discovery space. We have large molecule discovery. We have an AI deal. We have a – we have a bioinformatics deal and several others and several more in conversation. And so typically, the structure of the deal will be for us to be a sales and marketing partner for these companies, which will allow us to interface with the clients and get direct feedback on how responsive they are and whether the science is really as good as the companies say they are. In certain instances, we will prenegotiate buyouts at a predetermined price. So with a certain point in time, we can buy the companies if we want.So as I’ve said previously, if we have a portfolio of, let’s say, a dozen companies, maybe three or four, we’ll just stop working with, because they didn’t look very good. Maybe three or four, but they won’t want to buy, they won’t want to sell, and we’ll continue to work with them and offer their services or occasionally products and several of them, perhaps also three or four, we’ll acquire. So it’s, I think, a much more thoughtful and low-risk way of continuing to buy additional services in the Discovery space. So we’re thrilled with the – with regard to your question about the margins. They’re going to have margins all over the place. So, we’ll try not to buy anything that provides too much of a headwind. Having said that, some of them will be small and some of them will have lower margins, but we won’t do the deal unless we think we can get at least the 20% or higher. So, it’s a very good pipeline right now. We’re quite active in the things we’re looking at and they will just continue to enhance and distinguish the portfolio from a competitive point of view and provide a greater ability to service our clients in a more holistic fashion.
Jim Foster: We’re closely monitoring the impact and relative to movement of animals and people in and out of China. So, we feel quite confident that there will only be a small impact in the first quarter. Since it’s kind of an evolving situation day to day, I think it’s kind of dangerous for us to predict the impact on the balance of the year. Having said that, the sort of issues that we think could impact us, we think that we backstopped them pretty well so far and we think that we will be able to backstop them in a way that it doesn’t impact or adversely impact our forecast. I would say that – I don’t know, we haven’t said this in a while, but we always have a meaningful contingency in our operating plan that can cover a whole host of things. Most of the things we intend to cover are things that have happened in the business from time to time. And while we don’t expect them, we know that they’re always out there. And then when you think of things like big pharma mergers that could have an adverse impact on the business and just things beyond our control.So, this certainly falls into the category of things beyond our control. We’ll manage our activities in China as best as possible. I think we’re a very important part of the drug development and discovery paradigm in China. We’re very interested in making sure that our colleagues and clients are healthy. And we hope to be able to work with some of our clients to – as they begin the search for vaccines. So we feel that it’s a manageable situation for us with what we know right now. And I think your first question was what other parts of the business does it impact. We have a very successful but rather small microbial detection business in China that we’ve had for years. That’s in our forecast thinking about having only a very small impact in the first quarter that we think is quite manageable from a guidance point of view.
Jim Foster: Sure. It was the third best year in the history of biotech, and in and of itself, just a lot of money went into – directly into the biotech companies. So I think that’s a commentary on the strength of the businesses, the success rates, the number of IPOs, the number of companies that are being sold and just the new modalities to treat diseases, which are working. So these are places that invest, these are companies in which investors want to place bets, because the companies are providing a really nice returns. So, we think they have at least three or four years of cash in the bank, more money coming in from the capital markets, more money coming in directly into the VC funds, which seem to have accelerated the historical five year – five to seven-year fundraises seem to be two to three years.So, they have a whole bunch of companies to either create or to finance right off the bat. So – and you also have money, for sure, coming directly from big pharma directly into biotech because they become the discovery engine. So, we don’t hear our biotech clients talk about any concern about funding either presently or in the future. They seem to be busy at work and have pretty full pipelines and we would expect that certainly to continue strongly through 2020. And we look at the year and look at the world in five-year increments because we do a five-year strategic plan, then we would expect that funding would remain strong throughout that time frame.
Jim Foster: So, customer feedback to us acquiring the company has been extremely positive because it gives them, I don’t know, it gives greater – gives HemaCare greater context. It gives HemaCare a greater sales ability, technical ability, ability to expand geographically and have a more professional back office, et cetera. And when I say context, it’s part of a large portfolio where we already do a significant amount of work in cell and gene therapy in the cell therapy space. I happen to – the day that I was there, they’re largest client happened to be there. And I don’t think he was just saying this, because we had just acquired the company. But this wasn’t a brand-new company. It’s been around for about 15 years. And this was the founder, and he said to me that he would not have been able to grow his company at all without HemaCare.His reliance on the quality of these cellular products was everything and he couldn’t rely on anybody else. And he was very happy that we were involved, and then he was hoping that we would maintain, if not enhance, the quality of the company. So, we feel really good about the asset that we bought. We feel really good about its ability to enhance our portfolio. As I said earlier, we do have several other acquisition opportunities squarely in the cell therapy product arena and also service arena. And also, we’re looking at gene therapy as well. We want to be able to support clients. There are so many INDs that have been filed by so many companies in this space, who all need outside resources to develop their drugs, because most of them are biotech companies that don’t have internal capabilities.So, our ability to do all of this work is really a necessity for these companies. So we take our responsibility seriously. We’re going to continue to add to and enhance our own infrastructure while, hopefully, acquiring additional companies in the space so we can provide the core tools for them to do cell and gene therapy, both discovery and scale-up and, ultimately, manufacturing the products to go into the clinic.
Jim Foster: Yes. Thanks for that question. It’s a successful service offering that we don’t get to talk about that much on these calls, which is growing quite nicely around the world. It’s not just a U.S. phenomenon. We do it everywhere that we do business. It’s this taking off – taking the management to these complex laboratory and animal facilities off of the client’s hands, the clients that already have them, and the client could be, obviously, the government an academic institution, biotech or pharma. We never literally sized this business, but it’s a meaningful business, it’s growing nicely. It has some great opportunities. It has good legs.So, while the NIAID contract was particularly large, there are other government contracts of significant size, and we signed several during 2019. Also, this CRADL initiative, so we have this sort of incubator space in Cambridge, Mass, where clients go and we house their animals for them and we either can do the work for them or with them or they can just simply come in and use their space. Obviously, you’ve got this huge concentration of biotech and pharma companies in Cambridge, and the space is really well utilized. The growth rates are terrific and the margins are terrific as well. We’ve opened another one of these facilities just in South San Francisco. We should have the same uptick and we’re considering, on a longer-term basis, opening additional of these CRADL facilities in other strong geographies where there’s a big concentration of biotech companies. I do think, as I’ve said, historically, I don’t want you to overread this, but there’s no reason why the big pharma companies that have these big facilities and big staffs to do this work in some of the big biotech companies don’t outsource the work to us in the same way that they’ve outsourced much of Safety and, increasingly, Discovery.We can run these facilities more efficiently, reduce the cost and I think, enhance the science. So, we have felt for a long time that this business could pop for us. It hasn’t, so which is – I don’t want you to overread it. But while it hasn’t popped, it’s growing very nicely and the constituent puts and pieces coming together in a meaningful way. So, this will continue to be an important business for us, particularly as large clients have to look at their cost structures in more aggressive ways and get comfortable outsourcing it.
Jim Foster: Yes. So, Biologics had a really nice, nice growth rate in 2019, notwithstanding the fact that I would say we were slightly capacity-constrained. So, demand is fabulous. There’s just a whole cadre new biologics being developed, pretty competitive business for us, but all of the competitors are doing well, because there’s so much work. We have a broader geographic portfolio than the competition. So, we added small amounts of space at several of our sites that weren’t in the U.S. And we added this very, very large facility in Pennsylvania, which – that’s where we had the duplicate costs and which have now run off and we’re largely using the space. That building in Pennsylvania is going to give us sort of three, maybe five – three to five years of incremental growth capacity there. I hope it’s three and not five. I do think the uptake will be – well, could be significant. We added a lot of – we added some capacity to a German operation of ours, which is quite large and really, really good science. And we have some space there, but that should be taken up quickly as well.So we’ll probably have to continue to add capacity. Certainly, nothing meaningful in 2020, but the having sufficient capacity and getting new assays up and running, particularly in areas like cell and gene therapy, are absolutely essential to continuing to grow this business at the growth rate that we think the market will drive us to. So feeling very good about where we stand, having gotten the new Pennsylvania facility in a good place as we go into 2020.
Jim Foster: In terms of the growth rate, we – as I said, we had terrific growth rate in 2019 notwithstanding, I would say, tight capacity. So having additional capacity, having additional assays, getting some price, having the mix of business continue to improve should help the growth rate in a meaningful way.
Jim Foster: Sure. We were hustling in 2017 and 2018 because demand exceeded our operating plan essentially, which is a high-class problem. We’re really hustling to get sufficient numbers of people in the door and getting them trained to accommodate the demand. And as you recall and based upon your question, we also ran into some wage inefficiencies or ineffective wage levels as starting pace. So we feel that we’ve caught up nicely from a capacity and an IT and a head count point of view. We corrected those starting wage anomalies.Generally, I think you can stay ahead of that. Every once in a while, you have a geographic locale. We had one or two in particular. It just changes on you where you get some big competitors that come in and start businesses out of nowhere and they’re hiring a bunch of people and paying whatever it takes. So we had a little bit of that. So I think the onetime midcourse correction was quite effective. We’ve got a really good, focused, staying-ahead-of-the-game HR analysis on every geographic locale. So I think it’s highly unlikely we have to go in and do that again.We feel really good about the headcount. I go to most of the big safety sites every year and you can see that people are much uncomfortable with the pace of work and the pace of training. And so we’ll have to hire people to keep pace with the basic growth rate of that business, but really nothing extraordinary.On the M&A front, I think the answer to your question is really both. So we’re going to do – we have done and we’ll continue to do a bunch of these partnerships, for sure. Some of them will turn into acquisitions, for sure. As I’ve said earlier, some of the prices for the deals will already be prenegotiated, in other words, the terms of the deals, which is terrific. So some of those will turn into acquisitions, a lot of those would be in the Discovery space. We have other fully baked companies that are further along in their life cycle than some of these that will help fill out the portfolio really, really nicely. So we’ll do both.I would remind you, we have no artificial goals for M&A or we’re not interested in just being bigger for the sake of being bigger. We will pursue deals that are strategic in nature, that make our portfolio better than it is now and that are affordable and meet our return metrics. Otherwise, we will walk, and that goes for the technology deals. If we want to do them, and we don’t have a prenegotiated purchase price and the prices are too high, we’ll walk. So we feel really good about both of those ways of increasing and growing the portfolio, and I think you’ll see us be doing a combination of both going forward.
Jim Foster: Yes. So enthused about the deal. Very creative, I think, on both of our parts. Yes. They’ve offered us a small portfolio of potential molecules to develop. We can pass on whichever ones we want. Obviously, we’ll do some of them. They’re across four different TAs. And they’re milestone-based payments, notwithstanding a small upfront payment that we get from them, which will offset some of the discovery cost. We don’t have anything meaningful baked into our guidance.So we don’t know – I don’t – I think it’s unlikely, no matter how much we hustle, that we’re going to get through much in 2020, although we do have some upfront payments from them. So I don’t think it will be not a headwind or a tailwind, but we should be progressing with maybe one or two molecules. I think that it’s further down the road, and we wanted to – we’re excited with it. We had a release, but we didn’t want to get ahead of ourselves in terms of its financial contribution.We’re open to doing deals like this. I wouldn’t – I don’t think we’re out looking for them. If clients want to work that way and if clients only want to work that way, and we think the structures of the deals make sense. When we think this one does and we like the client, and we like the fact that they’ve just done big M&A and it’s an interesting portfolio, it’s something that we’ll pursue. So we have a tiny amount of our revenue associated with these milestone deals right now.We hope – as we said, I think, at your conference, if one of these goes all the way through to market approval, it will be a nice financial return and we’d like to keep the expectations modest. And we hope to please ourselves as well as the shareholder base.
David Smith: Well, we’ve been talking about Safety Assessment or DSA being the most important driver for getting Charles River to the 20% target that we’ve committed to getting to for the end of next year, along with unallocated corporate costs. But DSA, yes, that’s a key driver for getting there and we’ve been signaling that for a while. It’s pleasing to see the second half results for DSA coming in the way that we had signaled. I know you’re talking about – you mentioned on the call that we’re kind of at the mid-20s, we have for quarter four. But for the full year, we’re still at 22%. So, there’s still some opportunities available to us to continue to grow that DSA segment up to the mid-20s for a full year basis, and that’s how we’ll see the Charles River performance get to the 20%.
David Smith: And if I heard your question right, just a clarification. I think you described it as a large China contract that was running off, partially offset by the U.S. contract. It’s actually the other way around. The contract that we have won in the U.S. is larger, and therefore, it’s been partially offset by the Chinese contract that is being completed.
David Smith: Yes. So we’ve – for a long time now, been commenting that the margin expectation for Manufacturing is mid-30s. And for a while, we’ve been knocking on the door of the – well, we’ve been in the mid-30s for a while. 2019 was slightly different because we had to double running costs of Biologics and that dragged it down. But we’ve never really committed to growing the margins above mid-30s for Manufacturing.There are other things we can do to invest in the sales force, for instance. There is some R&D that we can do in Microbial. There are other things we can do in Biologics, for instance, to enable us to grow that top line, continue to get the double-digit growth rates in Manufacturing and enjoy the sort of mid-30s margins. So that has been a signal that we have given to The Street for a while, and we see no reason to change that at this stage.
