James C. Foster: The study mix is difficult to predict but follows a typical pattern. So, you want a mix of long and short-term studies. And you don't typically have long-term studies unless you have the short ones. So, you sort of have the life cycle issue. You have higher start-up costs for the long-term studies, which we talked about a lot on the last quarter call. We're working through those. We're in a more standard phase of the long-term studies, where the margins are actually comparable to some of the short-term works. So, given the backlog and bookings and mix shift, which we saw from quarter one to quarter two, and we are guiding you for second half of the year, we anticipate strong half of the year, both top line and bottom line in DSA, and obviously, in the SA part of that as well. Not sure exactly what your MPI comment was.
James C. Foster: Yeah. I mean, it's both. MPI performed extremely strongly, as well or better than we had anticipated. Maintaining clients, delivering the margins, having some of their legacy clients be open and begin to utilize Charles River locations. And the inverse, Charles River clients who have historically not been MPI clients were, of course, where we have space, beginning to utilize that. So, we're extremely pleased with the integration process and the client receptivity from both sides of the house.
James C. Foster: Sure. So, significant investment in people and space, and meaningful investments in IT, and that's just a function of the scale and size and growth rate of the company. Labor is our principal resource, competitive advantage and always the rate-limiting factor. So, you need people in advance of the work – not too far in advance, that hurts your margins. But you can't sort of hurry up and hire them once you have the work, because it's some months to many months of training. So, given the competitive nature of the markets that we're in, and given our need to hire hundreds and hundreds of people, we made some adjustments to base pay, which we're sure will bear fruit. We're going to continue to invest meaningfully in IT, principally for clients: Enhance client interface; use data better; and of course, the cybersecurity, which keeps everybody with one eye open while they're sleeping. And we want to keep as far ahead of that process as possible. On the organizational structure, we made a significant move in the last couple of months to more decentralize the way we run the business, so that we really have business leaders and GMs who feel as if and have the ability to run their own businesses and make decisions quickly and decisively. And so, we've married some of the staff functions, which we're reporting in corporately with those operating folks, so they have their own teams. And we're already quite confident that we're beginning to pick up the pace of decision-making and have that decision-making closest to where the issues arise. With regard to the COO position and Davide, that's merely a larger commentary and reflection of the organizational efficiency that we're driving for. And while that was a relatively recent move, as you've indicated, it's also – it was a novel move. So, a 70-year-old company that never had a COO. And what we found was that, that layer was not beneficial in terms of the speed with which we're moving, and to some extent, sort of counterproductive to that. So, in that context, we eliminated that role. So, the organization feels more nimble. We have lots of really smart people. And the less top-down decisions are made, and the more, as I said before, closer to the decisions as possible, I think the better off we are.
James C. Foster: So, I guess you're talking about both organic investment and M&A. And I would say, not. We intend to stay in the non-clinical arena. As we, I think, posted in our first quarter call, we have about a $15 billion market, if you aggregate all of our businesses growing at sort of mid-single digits. So, it's a big market, one where we have leading market shares in virtually everything we do and opportunities to enhance those shares. We are investing meaningfully in organic growth in places where that's the best way to grow, but – well, no buts. Additionally, the M&A pipeline is quite diverse and quite robust. There's a lot of assets out there. As always, we have multiple conversations going on now. I would say that we have increasingly less strategic competitors as we look at some of these and perhaps more financial sponsors looking at them. While sponsors often pay up, they should never have both the top or bottom line synergies that we have. So, we have a vision and a view towards how we will continue to expand and enhance our portfolio, not just to be bigger, but to be more responsive partner for big pharma; and particularly, for biotech, and all the areas that we're in, particularly, Discovery, maybe Safety, definitely China, more large molecule-related services, probably more laboratory-based services. So, I would say that fill in some very subtle areas where we are under scale and expand some areas where we have significant scale but need to be larger. And I continue to feel that our portfolio is the principal competitive advantage we have both in terms of the quality of the science, but also the depth and breadth of the activities that we are very good at, and solving a lot of problems for clients, if you look at most of biotech, who will never build this sort of capacity. I can say that with authority. They just will never do it. It makes no sense for them. And the ability for them to do it on a cost-effective basis quickly outside to get great science is really the role that we are increasingly playing.
James C. Foster: So, it's a whole host of things. It's everything from online ordering to really using our data better to design studies – both predict the end points, design studies, and in a perfect world have some linkages with the clinical folks, so that you design clinical studies and pull that all the way back to pre-clinical. Probably most importantly though is availability of data on essentially a real-time basis for our clients that they can access themselves. So, if you think of how our business is evolving literally with thousands of biotech clients, the scalability of that model is very much dependent on some additional people, which we've added. We added a whole group of what we call alliance managers this year to interface with some of the smaller clients and shepherd them across our geographic portfolio. But the real magic there will be for clients to feel that they have control over the day, that they're knowledgeable about it, that they can look at it at their leisure realtime. And if they have a question or a problem, or want to, or need to talk to somebody, they can do that. So, data, as you hear a lot from the clinical folks, is a really important part of this business. Our ability to use data that we have from thousands of studies in a more predictive way, I think, will be powerful if we're successful in that. But certainly, having clients have access to their own data is not optional, it's definitely essential. And we are building that process out as we speak.
James C. Foster: It's going to be sort of continual. Aspects of it will be beta-tested, then rolled out, and then added to continuously. So, I'd say, over the next couple of years, we will make meaningful moves in these areas. That should enhance the people that we have, and we hope, obviously, distinguish us from the competition.
James C. Foster: Yeah, so, we would always love to be responsive to your questions, but we're just not going to do that. It's important that we all look at that segment as one. We want clients to start with us as early as possible. And if their drug continues to look promising, to work with us in the discovery phase, and as we move into the pharmacology phase, and into the GLP tox phase. So, the holistic view by both our shareholders, and our clients, and ourselves is pretty important. And we made some operational changes last quarter with the way we operate this. And we have a senior operating person overseeing both businesses: A senior finance person; senior IT person; HR, etcetera. So, we would like you to gray the demarcation, but suffice it to say, that we're happy with the growth rate in the second quarter. We think that will intensify in the back half of the year, so we will be happier. We're doing a very good job taking share. And we have 20% of folks who use Discovery, also use Safety. And we have about half of the clients in Discovery, who do integrated studies with us, work across multiple sites. So, we're seeing the expansion and the utilization of the portfolio exactly the way we had hoped when we bought all of these businesses.
James C. Foster: No, I mean, it's mostly mix, very much mix. And it is and will work itself through the year. And as I said earlier, we want a healthy mix of both short and long-term studies, so we do have that and will continue to have that. So, no, nothing more than that.
James C. Foster: So, biologics often has a slow first quarter. We don't know why; just is. Seems the volume tends to be a little bit lighter as it definitely was in the first quarter. And we guided you all to a strengthening in the second quarter, which we both anticipated and achieved. And we anticipate that, that business will, from a volume and demand point of view, have a good year. There's just a plethora of large molecules, and at least the beginnings of biosimilar drugs out there. So, building out a lot of space, hiring a lot of people, highly competitive space. It's definitely our most competitive space, and yet, growth rate is quite robust. And we think this is sustainable for years. Microbial had a really strong quarter, as it usually does, but a really strong quarter across most of the parts and pieces. As we said in the prepared remarks, more instruments sold. And of course, it's all about cartridge sales, so the razorblade sales. And we should continue to see that continue for the balance of the year. And our little Avian business, which had kind of a not wonderful 2017 due to some client issues, totally dislocated from our capabilities and performance – had a nice quarter. That's a okay growth rate business with good operating margins and very large market shares. So, Manufacturing continues to grow at significant double-digit organic growth rates with operating margins in kind of the low to mid-30s range. That is sustainable indefinitely. And we don't see anything on the horizon to impair that. In fact, we do see significant opportunities in all three of those businesses from a demand point of view and a competitive point of view.
James C. Foster: So, it'll be continuous. It's a really big market. On a unit basis, it's certainly as big or bigger. You've got lower price points but lower cost. As we've said before, we have some government competitors who are small and not very sophisticated; and we have some small quasi-independent businesses that compete with us. And none of our sort of standard U.S. or European competitors are over there. So, we have a really wonderful market position. So, we're the principal player in the Beijing market. We've opened this wonderful new facility which, by the way, the part that we opened, we're selling in real strong and are finishing the balance of the building now. That will give us much more capacity. We may need additional spaces in Shanghai market. We're investigating that right now. We, for sure, will need additional capacity west and south. It's a gigantic country and – so, big research centers, and a lot of money being pumped into the Chinese life sciences arena by the government. And so, we look at the world through sort of the lens of five-year strategic plans. We are entirely confident this is a high-growth business, certainly through the five years. I definitely think it's high growth longer than that. And it's not just research models, all of the ancillary services that we have: Genetically engineered model services; our laboratory services. And we hope our insourcing solutions services where we both provide space for clients to work in and manage their space, there's some opportunities there, as well. So, it's early days. As we told you, it's slightly less than 10% of our research models revenue are growing disproportionately fast. So, you'll see that paradigm shift change quickly. Not just that we're biased, but our animals are of definitely of a higher-quality than the competition's, and our science is better. So, if the Chinese folks want to play on the international scene and sell their drugs internationally, I think, they're going to have to use higher-quality animals to do their basic research. So, we're just in a great place. We're spending a lot of time educating that market with seminars, and meetings, and publishing about not just the benefits, but the necessity of using high-quality animals that are of consistently high quality. So, definitely more investment. I think the returns will be fine. It's a necessity. There's maybe some M&A opportunities there, which we'll obviously pursue if we can, if they make sense for us. But we are out and about literally right now looking for additional space, so stay tuned.
James C. Foster: So, we're going to weigh in on that in concert with our stated decision not to talk a lot about pricing from a competitive point of view, which is too much of a blueprint for the competition. So, we don't like that. So, suffice it to say that demand is quite good. Capacity utilization is quite strong. And we have the benefit of actually having some space with MPI, if we need it, having known that when we bought it, because we never know for sure what the competition's capacity looks like. They know a little bit better about our capacity, because we have calls like this. But based upon the competitive dynamics right now and the lack of sort of price cutting and lack of aggressive activity, it feels like the competition's pretty full, which is a really good thing, I think, for everybody. So, all I can tell you is that we appropriately try to get price when we can. And sometimes, we can't, because clients are price-protected with longer-term arrangements, or the price escalation is simply pre-negotiated. And, obviously, different types of work have different pricing metrics and different margin paradigms. So, you know that our specialty work, for instance, often has less competition and a higher profit margin. So, all I can tell you is that we're very cognizant of the opportunities that pricing can provide, the necessity of pricing to be able to afford things like improving in wages, and building facilities, and investing in IT, and obviously enhancing operating margin. I do think that for a lot of our clients, pricing is certainly not the first thing they look at. They're interested in our capacity and our capabilities. And so, we do have opportunities, which we pursue almost daily.
James C. Foster: Demand is very good, very strong, and persistent, and consistent. As you know, we have kind of a disproportionate amount of business with biotech, a principal driver of our growth. We never really quite see spending directly proportional to the inflow of funds. But, we see just strong spending patterns and not a lot of starts and stops and pulling back, and waiting for the next fiscal period to fund work. So, it feels very strong as we said. It feels like the back half of the year will be solid. Obviously, it's too early to even predict about next year, but the external funding paradigm for the biotech folks has been almost as strong as ever right now. And if you combine that with the therapeutic breakthroughs and new treatment modalities, it's an unusually robust time in the history of biotech, so we feel really good about it.
David R. Smith: And so, that's one of the reasons why even at the beginning of this year, we started to signal that in 2019, we didn't want to give guidance for the VCs. We have been judging ourselves against the performance of our organic business, the core business, i.e., with the VCs stripped out, because as you've seen, in recent quarters, they can bounce around quite wildly. And I guess, we're trying to signal to yourselves that we'd like you to consider to consider Charles River and its core business and almost put the VCs to one side, which is why we're essentially saying that, because of volatility, it's our intent to remove the guidance – or in our guidance, the VCs from 2019 onwards.
David R. Smith: So, you're right. There is a steeper climb in the second and the fourth quarter. And that's partly because we're seeing, as we mentioned in terms of the DSA study mix, washing through and returning to normal sort of levels. Also, we've seen seasonality impact, particularly in some of our businesses where there is a stepping up in the final quarter. So, it's a combination of those different factors, which comes to the conclusion that we've reached in the guidance that we've provided to you.
David R. Smith: Well, you're right. I mean, in the information we gave on WIL, so that $0.35 is incremental over the $0.25 that we said this year. And you're right, we get a full-year effect on the wages, so that's a additional $0.10 headwind for next year. The VCs, so we're $0.26 year-to-date, that will be a headwind. Let me complete this story. We've tried to give you some signals in terms of where we are with corporate costs, which is under 7% of revenue, so that's stable. And the tax rate, we think, the second half of the year tax rate is something similar to what we would expect in the future. So that gives a little bit of color to look into 2019.
David R. Smith: $65 million. So, $65 million is the public number. We are on track with that, as you heard from Jim's prepared remarks. WIL is also delivering to the original guidance, as well. So, there's nothing that is being disturbed in terms of our ability to deliver the savings that we're expecting. So, that's on track.
