Jim Foster: First, I would remind you that that’s the range. Second place, I would say that it assumes similar market metrics, which are space selling in the industry, but not full pricing, a little bit of spot pricing, but still pricing being tough. We said in the prepared remarks that we are intermittently seeing aggressive pricing from virtually all of our key competitors, so that may or may not continue. We're assuming strong sales from the clients with which we have large strategic deals. We're assuming robust sales in the mid-tiers. Of course, in the mid-tiers, there's is a little bit of churn in that sector given that those companies get bought, sold, merged, or go bankrupt, so we're doing very well. You heard the 11% growth and we actually have more revenue than large pharma, but it's a little bit difficult to call. So what we haven't built into that is the significant new strategic deal or multiple new strategic deals. We're certainly pursuing those. We certainly have conversations in place. It appears that we have clients that are interested and ready, but we don't control the extent of their readiness, and the other big driver of course is infrastructure reductions which while they are a little bit tough on the core animal business, tend to be very beneficial to the service businesses, and it is virtually impossible to predict any of that, so I would say that we give you that range with knowledge that we'll be able to perform well within that range with the opportunities of larger deals, I suppose to improve that, but it's impossible to call, so we just think it's irresponsible to do so.
Jim Foster: Well, the study start issue was always a complex one, particularly with our large animals, so there can be a significantly higher cost as a result of that. So I think we had some of that in the fourth quarter. Having said that, the mix is slightly better in terms of long and short-term studies, there’s a better balance. There tends to be a mix in terms of our whole portfolio of general versus specialty stocks as well. Obviously, nuancing and emphasizing mix as it becomes more specialty, and as there is more primate work work that actually gets going as opposed to just get started, the opportunities are obviously there that drive higher top and bottomline growth. But we're happy with the general trend and the trajectory. We're happy with the way the space has been selling. We're definitely happy with the huge increase in mid-tier client sales, and generally our engagement with the drug companies as a whole. So mix is definitely something that we hope to get some benefit from. I will just remind you that predicting that, how it's going to fall, when it's going to fall, continues to be a little bit of a challenge.
Jim Foster: Well, we are very pleased with the trajectory of growth in top and bottomline from that business. There is really opportunity to educate the marketplace, and I think performs well versus mostly governmental competitors. We have a relatively small portfolio of most of the big outbred strains and the big inbred strains and a little bit of immunocompromised strains. So I do think that over time, there's an opportunity to sell increasingly more complex models, and that allows us to be beneficial for the margin. But even more than that, there's just an overall opportunity to sell significantly higher volumes to other parts of China, so while we have a big Shanghai sales contingent, this is a Beijing center facility, and so we tend to sell to that marketplace first in Shanghai, second Tokyo as we continue to build out capacity and geographically expand the reach. There's opportunities to sell both, kind of the bread-and-butter core models in time, add the more sophisticated. 
Jim Foster: We're seeing relatively swift study starts, I would say. A month or more as opposed to months or more, so while space is selling to the industry and it's not start of the study next week, like we have seen for last few years, there's still enough space where clients were not necessarily all that discerning about quality and science and just want to move quickly, we'll move quickly. So I would say we haven't reached an inflection point yet, Doug. There's a coordinated opportunity between waiting longer.
Jim Foster: So the change in demand is nothing new. It's been happening for a long time. It started with a more responsible use of laboratory animals and an effort to drive the three Rs. And I think that has continued to happen significantly and consistently, but more subtly. The lack of settlement has appeared in the last three years, as we have seen big R&D facilities be closed. And last year was really dramatic. We saw multiple facilities reduced or shut down in Japan, also one in the States and so the beginning of the some infrastructure reductions in Europe as well. So I would say that a drug company is going from, let's say, six or seven or eight R&D centers to one or two or three has had the largest impact on all of this. Some of the models that you talk about are very interesting. I don't think they're going to be big revenue contributors. We look seriously at fish business for years. We went over that on several side of our business. It's an interesting model, but it's going to be a low contributor to revenue and profitability. And of course, we are already in the rabbit business. So I don't see more likely continued increase in complex animal models, more immunocomprised models, more multi-genetic, more humanized animal models and some stabilization of the core model, because obviously a lot of discovery and basically all of safety assessments are still predicated on the use of animals. And I think they are markets of prominent scale profitability and there's enhanced initiative to drive efficiency should hold us in good stead. So the biggest wildcard to that business, particularly 2014 or '15, is what will be the additional significant infrastructure reductions. And the answer to that is we don't know. We're assuming something in our plan. There's also some noise around the edges as to who is going to do mergers. And the reality of this is there's no way to predict it except that the industry has to get more refined and has to do more outsourcing. And of course, that will impact their pipelines as well. And we do continue to think as I think the fourth quarter really showed 1% on asset and over 8% in preclinical sort of the best preclinical numbers that there's a corresponding relationship between the shutdown of these big sites, a reduction in research model business and an increase in service revenues. And of course, I don't know the numbers, 70% of our revenues is service related. And so at the margin or greater than the margin, that should benefit us.
Jim Foster: And the other thing I would emphasize there is there are some opportunities within that. We think the capacity is a big issue for us and for the industry. Capacity utilization appears to be better. It's higher for the whole sector. Latest estimates are around 70%, were higher. That's good for us. It's good for everyone. And we do need a rebalance between our available capacity and the planning metrics of our clients. So we have to get the extra time for the last minute stuff. That ought to get a little bit more price. Obviously none of us are going to run out and build new space or hold a lot of new space anytime soon. So we're all very focused on filling that space, but also using it well for the highest margin business that we can generate. So I'd say that all the factors are lining up well. We're very pleased with the margin profit in the fourth quarter. But to have it get us to the high-teens, which is certainly a goal of ours, we're going to have to see some price.
Jim Foster: So we'd say that all things being equal, in 2014, we should have more stable demand. We should get more pricing. We should get maybe 2% to 3% net price than 1% to 2% that we had in '13. And that would be just the core research model. And of course, if you look at the whole sector, you got EMD on top of that and discovery, et cetera. We'd say that all things being equal, there's likely to be some stability, but the wildcard just continues to be what is the extent of infrastructure reduction. And we had an awful lot in '13 and we have to expect something in '14. So that has just an undue impact on driving units down. The good news is we have the primary share in the big pharmaceutical companies. The bad news is whey shut facilities, that has an undue adverse impact upon us. So it just feels kind of irresponsible to just assume that there'll be none of that. Obviously if it was more subtle or less pronounced or they took a year off, whatever, we could have better numbers. But for now, we're assuming sort of overall stability it'll better price and some inevitability of additional infrastructure reduction.
Jim Foster: If and when the infrastructure reductions start, we think that's a business where we can continue to get price, we can continue to build share for sure in the academic marketplace, but we're doing a lot better I'd say in the last three or four years, given the lack of substantial premium of our price versus the competition. We've actually been picking up a little bit of share in big pharma in places and a few clients where we don't have that much share and new biotech companies as well. But having said that, just thinking about that globally for a moment, it's probably the core, the business is going to be low single-digit grower. I do think that we're going to spend in significant efficiency initiatives that we have in place, while the company will focus more directly on RMS. So we do think that it's not going to actually expand operating margin in what is already an extremely high operating margin business.
Jim Foster: We're not going to acknowledge conservative or not. We're going to acknowledge that we have a range that we have certain uncertainty from clients, could be better than we think, sure, as well as could not. We had an uptick in the fourth quarter in the big global accounts, of which we have 25% all over, about 5% in mid-tier, about 11% talking about preclinical now. Those are obviously very good metrics. We have big strategic relationships and several that we are in discussions with now. Again, we don't control the decision-making timeframe. But we like the way those are moving. Look, there's just so much inherent uncertainty related to continued availability of space and so there is periodic very low price metrics that we see sort of from everyone all of a sudden. It's directly related to how our competitors' desire and needs to fill the space. So if the incrementals are conservative, fine. We're not going to use that, because we've been doing this for too long and the predictability is too difficult. Look, all we can say is demand is definitely better, it's more consistent, it could be very well accelerated by the multiples or clients at the same time saying, yeah, we're ready to outsource. So the conversations are great, but we've learned from several of them in the past that sometimes it's a matter of months and sometimes it takes a year or two. So it's not in our best interest to predict that. Having said that, we're obviously very pleased with the fourth quarter, both margin and topline and there's a lot more work out there. And we don't mean to be difficult or evasive. We just want to give as much clarity as we can to how the world and the business occurs to us, the demand occurs to us. I would say that bidding on large pieces of work is still highly competitive and a challenging environment.
Jim Foster: I think that's right. The difference is this that as we talked about big pharma clients, it's clear that an increasing number of them always choose to work on coming from outside of their companies, principally from biotech. So a lot of our increase in biotech, a lot of money coming in from capital markets. And so maybe a compound that they couldn't afford to develop. But a lot of it's coming in from big pharma, as it always is. And so I do think to some extent, there's a shift in works that have historically been done in big pharma on the discovery side. And now since the biotech colleagues or partners are doing the discovery for them, we're seeing a big uptick there. And so the animals that would been utilized in big pharma and now being utilized by biotech. I think it's unlikely that there's a net add-on effect, although it's possible that you could have both with certain clients. But depending on who you talk to between 40% to 70% of these drugs that they're working on are licensed in, maybe the average is 50%, that's a lot. And I think it's growing substantially. And so we would expect biotech to be effortless, but there is a real distraction of for that.
Jim Foster: As we said many, many times, they take a multiplicity of sizes and shapes and forms on the long-term contracts and some of short-term. We get a quintile weekly of margin by clients and there's a fair amount of variability, although most are moving in the right direction. I would say that by and large, we are pleased with all these relationships without strategic feels regardless of the contractual nature. We're pleased with sense of true partnership, their respect for our science, them sooner than later treating us like they were themselves and not as a third party. As the volume increases and productivity improves, in many of them, the margins have improved significantly. I can take one or two where we've been disappointed with the revenue contribution vis-à-vis what we were told, not to say contracted for, but vis-à-vis what we were told. I do think we know how to do these deals and we do really listen closely to the clients and we try to design a structural relationship that works for them. And as we did say, I believe, in the prepared remarks, may have bee lost in there, one of the strongest aspects of these deals is regardless of how the conversation initially starts, we tend to almost always inevitably get additional business contemplated by the first conversation, which increases the size and scope and often in profitability of those relationships. So a little bit higher than 25% of total sales. It's not an insignificant number in terms of predictability of top and bottomline. We're going to continue to drive as many of those as clients are interested in talking to us about. But it appears that an increasing number are seeing their way to wanting to work on that basis and they definitely want to reduce the number of research partners that they have.
Jim Foster: That's constant issue for us. We feel that our facilities are in good shape in terms of having excess space and we actually could bring on more as necessary with some advanced planning, which of course we're doing. I'd say the senior scientific staff is quite deep as our study directors are quite strong across all sites and our pathologists are as well. So as we continue to take on additional work, we will have to add direct labor, which we do all the time. We did it in 2013. We'll certainly do it again this year. We're thrilled to be hiring people back. Some of our marketplaces are easy to recruit in than others. All of our jobs, no matter how basics require fair amount of training, so we have to hire people slightly in advance of when we need them, but not a year in advance of when we need them. So we think we're all over that. We're a good place to work. And our business model certainly on the preclinical side is more stable than has been historically. So we feel that we'll be able to manage our headcount in a way that we're able to do great work for our clients and stay slightly ahead of the demand.
Jim Foster: The deal flow is particularly good at the moment. It's a combination of we're doing a better job at it and more assets are available particularly from venture funds that have owned them and invested in for a while, even pretty clear. So let me reemphasize the fact that we're looking primarily upstream. We want to engage with our clients as early on in the process as possible and help them with multiple steps, some of which are earlier than what we do now. We are looking at several companies with several technologies and service businesses that would incorporate that description. We're also looking at expansion of our current therapeutic areas as well as expanding into additional therapeutic areas. And I would say, thirdly, we're looking at some geographic expansion. I would list them and prioritize in the way that I just described them. And as we continue to say on our calls, we can't promise that we can deliver any of these deals, because they're not done till they're done. But we have both the end straps, the finances and the strategic need and opportunity to broaden our portfolio or engage with our clients. So it's an important focus of us at the moment.
Jim Foster: We're optimistic about our GEMS business. It had a very good fourth quarter. The demand for these models continues to increase more, are being made by our clients and academic institutions. They continue to be an important translational vehicle for drug discovery. So we would expect to see a increase again in 2014.
Jim Foster: We're going to say what we're seeing so far in the quarter, because it's often misleading. And January has become an increasingly funky and complex month with clients not getting back to work and taking a lot of time to figure out what drugs they're going to work on what drugs they're going to outsource. It's possible that different commentaries from us and other people in the fields, both public and private, just has to do with our specific client footprint. So that wouldn't necessarily jive. I would say that on a positive, if you roll out everybody's comments, the demand is generally better across both big pharma and biotech. Pricing is challenging, but basically stable. Margins have been improving. And we're optimistic about that business for next year. Some of our commentary does have to do with the history, which is that Q1 is usually a little bit slower. Q2 and Q3 and stronger in the preclinical business. Q4 usually is slower because of the holidays, but not always. So some of those historical seasonal factors are pretty much uncertain.
Jim Foster: We don't really spend time anymore parsing it that ways, sorry. It's a very large percentage, possibly a slight majority, I would sort of guess. But we have pharma starts, biotech starts and it's sort of blurred for us, I would say, in the last five years, because they work so closely together. If you think it's important, it's important. We're just saying it's a distinction we spend less time on. So if you take those as a whole, if you take pharma and biotech, are not for process footprint is 24%, 25% of sales and the rest is industrial. The other is low medical device and ag, farm. A vast majority of that is pharma and biotech with biotech going up faster.
Tom Ackerman: As you mentioned, we have improved the margin in 2013 up just over 14%. Some of that was contributed with the tax change in the UK that we talked about. But even excluding that, we improved the margin going into 2013. And in remarks, in regard to 2014, we indicated that we thought the margin would also improve slightly in 2014. So it seems like we've been really grinding and not making much progress in margin, the reality is margins up come kind of nicely over the last couple of years from a range of 11% to 12%. And that's an environment where we haven't seen really much or any price increase. So we're going to keep working the efficiency initiative side of the table. We have a number of ideas that we're looking at in 2014 to help provide lift. The market seems to be in a little bit better spot. And I think if we can continue to drive topline growth and volume and have better demand from our clients overall, I think we'll start getting a little bit more priced in with and talking about over the last couple of years, '13 and '14 where we're really talking about 1% spot pricing. So I think we'll continue to look at efficiencies. And as the market improves, I think we'll do a little bit better on pricing, capacity utilization. And I think those things will be what would allow us to continue to improve the margin beyond mid-teens and up into the high-teens over the next couple or three years.
Tom Ackerman: I think the seven year historical reference and that increase has a lot to do with how we've aligned some things in IT, for example, where it expanded globally, but have done that through the corporate group and therefore are sort of varying a little bit and moving that to corporate number. It's an area where we looked at keeping cost in line with our sales growth and some relation to our sales, which I think over the last couple of years have been a little bit more on the 6% range. IT continues to be an area that we need to invest in for competitive reasons as well as for our back-office systems and what not. So I think we need to put a little bit of pressure on the number. Our global efficiency initiatives that we talked about today, corporate overhead is a focus of that, as are all of our business segments, so that's an area where we'll look to try to get more efficient, more open services that we buy and how we manage ourselves globally in SG&A. The idea going forward would be to try to at least have that number remain constant, but ideally generate some leverage from it. That'll continue to be a focus of ours.
Tom Ackerman: My comments is that as is typical in the first quarter, we expected to see it seasonally down a little bit. But beyond that, I think it should be somewhat steady. I don't think it'll be dramatically back-end-loaded or whatever. So I take a little bit slower start in the beginning. And then it'll be steady for the remainder of the year.
