Jim Foster: I think the last time, good morning, Derik – last time we talked about that, we said it would take a couple of years to get it. The goal is to get it to 20. That’s been our goal. Of course, you know that we have surpassed 20 for the rest of the business. So, we are quite confident we have the operating chops and efficiency initiatives and understanding of best practices to be able to employ those benefits to the WIL organization as we bring them closer to Charles River. So, couple of years to get to about 20%.
Jim Foster: We have to really – we have worked hard to answer this question, but we have to be a little bit careful because the deal hasn’t closed as you know. And we have – we are not engaging with WIL’s clients because they are not our clients at the current time. We have an understanding of who they are. We have some kind of euphemistic understanding of their initial reactions to the deal. To smaller client base, there has been some overlap, but there is surprisingly less overlap than we thought, which is quite positive. Look, I think the best way to respond to that is our attraction to this company was entirely based on its scientific reputation. And I think that’s why their clients gravitate towards them, because they do great science and they are responsive and they had a long lineage in history in being that way as we do. I think there are a lot of similarities in the company’s culture, both internally, our ability to attract and retain great scientists and do great work for our clients. So obviously, we feel very good about the combination. We feel very good about the expansion of geographic reach and additional services and it’s an organization that we have respected for an awfully long time. And all I can say to try to answer that question is we will do everything we can to continue to respect their client base and to service them in a way that they have grown, accustomed to being of serviced.
Jim Foster: So we feel very good about the discovery business. We feel very good about the portfolio that we have assembled. We feel very good about our competitive stance, it’s a really fragmented industry. We feel very good about the connectivity between discovery and other things that we do, particularly when we engage with large clients that we have strategic deals with the ones that we are starting to dialogue for strategic deals. We love our therapeutic area reach. We also like that we are – we have an in vivo and in vitro capability. As I have said in my prepared remarks, I would say the discovery business was somewhat disappointing during the year that was largely because of this large piece of business that you have commented and it rolled off of Argenta and BioFocus was kind of early – late in ‘14, but affected ‘15. The more we get to know the business, the more we incorporate it’s selling a sales organization, which is a highly tactical one in understanding that business. We just finished a large international sales organization sales meeting, which I attended. And it was a large cadre of sales people there from this organization. So I think we have a better understanding of the business itself on the competitive scenario and how to sell it better to our clients. We are seeing strengthening demand and we have enhanced strategies for partnering with our clients that’s increasingly more flexible and thoughtful and creative, I would say. So we are – and the other thing I would say about all of our businesses, but discovery for sure and Argenta and BioFocus perhaps, in particular. So we are going to work really hard to drive efficiency gains through those businesses as well. So we are going to be looking at top line and bottom line accretion. So, we think that the comparisons with ‘15 should be quite positive, our engagements with clients has been quite robust and we have a unique product and – I am sorry unique service offering, which is resonating with many, many clients.
Jim Foster: Yes. Dave, we had a – we developed and are executing a very tight plan for this facility. We are planning for this over a year, I would say. So the facility is in great operating order. Work has moved from Wilmington facility into that facility straightaway work and staff as anticipated. Work is beginning to come in from other sites as well, as you say. It’s not going to free-up a huge amount of space. But it will free-up space at some of our important tox facilities that can be used for high-value studies without having to build new space there. We are really pleased with our ability to attract senior scientists and the management team for that facility is really quite exceptional, a lot of experienced, some internal people and some external people who have been at CRO – the CROs in large pharmaceutical companies. So we feel good about that as well. We have been interfacing very much with the local Boston and Cambridge Biotech Community and I would say the response has been as good or better than we anticipated. We also have keen interest from lots of East Coast biotech, but also large pharma companies about utilizing this facility for multiplicity of things. So I think we had a reasonable plan in that acknowledging that it’s not trivial to open that facility to size even though we are only opening a portion of it and getting it ready. It’s a much better time to open it in the first time just in terms of the development and maturity of biotech and the clients’ receptivity. We would hope that – we are doing a host of things, but as you recall from earlier dialogues with us, it opens – it’s open with non-GLP capability and ability to do in vivo pharmacology work. And we are working hard to get it ready to do GLP tox, which will help to be able to do that work in the latter half of this year, which will give us a nice running start for ‘17 to continue to sort of upgrade is a bad way to say, to continue to kind of enhance the value proposition there if we are doing more Safety Assessment, which we think will naturally happen. So, it’s still early, but our indications are that it’s sort of getting off the ground as we had anticipated. I would say the client reaction is probably a little bit better than we had anticipated. We are being very careful not to oversell it. We have lots of audits through the facility and lots of visits by clients and lots of requests for specific types of work, some we actually are doing right away and some we are planning to do. So, we are very pleased to have it opened again and very pleased with the potential contribution to the overall business. As you will recall that we opened half of the space that we originally finished, so I suppose that’s the opportunity for next year for really – if we are really cranking, we can then open the rest of the – part of it is finished. You will also recall that there is a substantial part of the site that was never totally finished. So, we also have that as well if demand continues to intensify.
Jim Foster: So that’s a good question and one we have been exploring. Let me maybe give you a bit of an insight as what we are doing with some of the corporate investments. That may help you understand what we are trying to achieve. So, just to give you an example of within the finance department, we are trying to move towards a sort of a shared service, internal shared service sort of structure, but we have a shared service in the U.S. and a shared service in Europe. And the benefit of that is it will allow us to strategically plug and play M&A, particularly from 2017 onwards in a better way than we can do at the moment. We get some sort of halo effects with that in respect to better control environments and so on. But actually, if you look at the return on that investment in the finance department, you actually see that the rates of financial growth will decline. It will still grow, but it will grow at a shallower rate than we have historically done, because we are creating a modern structure to be able to plug and play. So, we are doing similar changes in IT and we have got some other activities in HR and so on and so forth. So, I would expect to see a better gain, maybe 2018 onwards if that helps you.
Jim Foster: Well, sure, the 2% to 3% for RMS is kind of a worldwide number. Different geographies will have different price increases. That’s kind of the net result that we anticipate given larger contracts and clients that are price protected, etcetera, etcetera. We anticipate getting a similar increase in safety that we had in ‘15, which is around 5%. We have price increases in some of our smaller businesses that we rarely kind of breakout, but we think all in we are sort of netting about 2% in ‘16.
Jim Foster: I think our strategic relationships as we described really different than the clinical CROs, so I would be careful to draw that analogy. And we define them quite liberally only because we deem – we got strategic relationship with the clients who treats us that way, treats us like a strategic partner, we deal in science, we get them value proposition out of the way and we are really collaborative. And often those have no contractual relationships associated with them and the timeframe can be for 1 year or a quarter. And then we have some issue now because we have talked about them in a longer term, 5 years, 3 years, 1 year. So they are always evolving. We have several conversations going on right now with large clients, principally who don’t typically – some of them don’t on big outsources and some are really early on the outsourcing curve. And so as we think about that going forward, we have some level of confidence that we will expand some of the ones that we have and we will ink some new ones. They started in a multiplicity of ways. It’s hard to boil it down to one thing. I would say most often they start with a conversation about Safety Assessment, big drug companies thinking about doing less internally or reducing infrastructure and/or increasingly we have conversations that start with Discovery and then they move into Safety Assessment or vice versa. Once we have start a dialogue with a large client, let’s say about Safety Assessment, the ability to have an arrangement we call them enterprise agreements that cuts across literally everything we do and provides incentive with them to do more work with us rather than less, it’s something that larger companies take advantage of. So again, as I said earlier, the diversity and the strength of our portfolio is really powerful from a competitive point of view for sure, but also in providing solutions for clients we are trying to figure out what to do with their own infrastructure. And so as we build our operating plan, it’s less about sort of going strategic deal by strategic deal, although we do go from client to client, we just think more about what we are currently doing for and what the current dialogue is and where we think it could go. We do build that up client-by-client. So I would not expect at all the kind of volatility that I think you are potentially hinting at, but you see with the clinical focus just totally different. And to the contrary, I think that we have opportunities to continue to expand these relationships with clients and we see that as we launch a new service, we buy this oncology company, we buy this chemistry company, we buy this channel company, just expands the dialogue with clients with whom we already have or it provides an opening to have a dialogue with a client that we haven’t before because it really hard on channels, for instance and really want to engage with us on that that leads to something else. So it’s a fascinating process and one that we are developing constantly and consistently and it keeps changes as our portfolio expands.
David Smith: Look, we obviously spent a lot of time thinking about this, interfacing with our clients and just had a board conversation yesterday about this exact topic. So, it’s an appropriate and relevant one. I can just tell you this that our sales to these clients increased double-digits in the fourth quarter. They were up substantially for the year. Amount of capital accessed by these biotech companies from the capital markets was the largest in history. We have informal and formal relationships with venture capitalists who are continuing to raise large funds and fund small startup biotech companies de novo. Most of these are virtual companies. There is a whole host of biotech companies that are operating businesses that have drugs in the marketplace and have sales and profits and sit on their own bottom. And I guess, the most fundamentally important comment that we see as a company that really supports literally every pharma company and almost every biotech company throughout the world in some fashion is that pharma depends increasingly more on biotech to be the discovery engines yet we had a chart I think we showed when we announced the WIL deal that about 42% of drugs are now in licensed and that’s been increasing every year. So, biotech is not only here to stay, but it’s critical to the health of all of us and we believe that pharma will continue to fund them aggressively. We think that they have several years of cash still available and recent sort of pressure on stock prices doesn’t really seem to be relevant at all. And then of course as I guess the balance to that sales to global accounts, which is our euphemism for the big pharma companies increased nicely. We continued to expand strategic deals and have conversations about new ones. We also have intensified focus on accessing large academic medical centers who of course, our discovery engines in their own right and are looking for places to develop it. So we actually think of the client demand quotient is as strong as we have ever seen it. We think the innovation in immunotherapies particularly in immunooncology are really primary drivers of a lot of this growth in development. And we are living the fact that we are continuing to play an increasingly more important role for all of these clients, both large and small and both discovering but certainly developing these drugs and getting into market. So, we feel really good about the marketplace as we move into ‘16.
David Smith: And as you can imagine, we have an awful lot of touch points with clients, not just through the sales side, but through the scientific side and no matter which management team we talk to, all the conversations that we are hearing with clients, they are all positive. So the feedback we are getting is from clients.
David Smith: Around WIL, so we are in the middle of working with external advisors on how we can restructure the legal entities to better fit into Charles River so that we can manage actually cash management as well as other factors. It’s still a little too early to say exactly how that will fall out. So I don’t think there is much more I can say in how we are restructuring the teams to help. But rest assured we are still looking for it.
David Smith: It is fair to say that about 3% is coming from acquisitions that we have currently purchased, so yes and a portion of that will flow through the bottom line, of course.
David Smith: And the expansion that was called out of the 30% is actually with more client relations being added to the pool. We don’t have any clients have the revenue of over 5%. So it’s not as if it’s anchored in a small handful of strategic relationships that could get to a point of saturation. The ability to bring more clients into that sort of strategic dynamic is critical for us.
