Thomas F. Ackerman: I can answer the first part, Tycho. I didn't quite hear the latter part. Maybe Jim did. But in any event, I don't think we'll see a dramatic change in margins throughout the year. As I said, the sales sequentially should be somewhat stable and therefore similar. And so I think the margins will be similar, maybe up a little bit directionally. We have talked overall about margins in total being stable year-over-year, segment growth being consistent with the overall guidance growth rate of 4% to 6%. And I think the margins in the segments will be somewhat similar. But with the cost efficiencies that we are building in, I do think there's a little bit of an opportunity for us to see some modest appreciation in preclinical margins over the back half of the year but nothing dramatic.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Yes, what I would tell you is that the -- obviously, the margins were down a little bit. They were down in the first quarter, down in the second quarter. We have taken some actions, notwithstanding what we mentioned about California, which will give us a bigger benefit in the latter half of the year. But we have been very active in a number of areas for cost savings. So typically we would see a little bit less model sales in the second half of the year, which would put some pressure on the margin, but I think the cost actions that we'll take will ameliorate that to some degree. So I think as you look to RMS margins, they'll probably be a little more stable through the end of the year than they've normally been because we'll be benefiting the OI with some cost actions that will help mitigate the seasonal trends in the top line.
Thomas F. Ackerman: So Eric, I'll work backwards through your questions. So we, with the U.K. facility, are also looking at the same thing. I don't know if Covance went into specific details of election periods but you don't actually have to elect in to that and don't have to make that decision for a while. So we've done a lot of analysis on it. As Covance had said, it will impact the tax rate negatively but it will benefit the operating margin. I don't remember if they said by a similar amount. So it's not necessarily a negative overall to the company other than to the tax rate it's a negative and to operating income it's a positive. So we're still working through that. I expect that on our third quarter call we'll update you. It would be similar to us, although the differential, because of the size of our operation, could be different. But if we do elect in, it would be a negative impact on our tax rate and we'd see a corresponding-type increase in our operating income to the point where it would be relatively neutral on net income and EPS. So we'll make that decision a little bit later in the year. We have done a lot of analysis to date and just want to make sure that electing in early is the right thing to do for us. The last -- your first part of your question was about the government. The only thing that we said on the call that wasn't in the Q -- or was in the Q and the release was that we excluded it from our non-GAAP results because of the nature of it and the fact that it related to prior periods.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Well it related to some work that we were doing for the government on a couple of contracts or several contracts in our Raleigh and Kingston facility, where hours that had been substituted for employees were not always involved in those particular contracts. So it became a billing that needed to be corrected.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Yes, Dave, I do think that the sales in PCS will be up in the latter part of the year versus the first half. Obviously, we improved sequentially in the second quarter, as you mentioned and we mentioned. And I think sales will probably be a little bit better. I think what's holding back our view a little bit more is that typically in the fourth quarter, especially as you get out to Thanksgiving and beyond that, we do see a little bit of a slowdown in preclinical activity, especially with a lot more of the studies being shorter term where clients just don't start a lot of studies as you get closer and closer to year end. So that's also factored into our outlook for the remainder of the year. So I think it'll be a little bit better, especially when considering that. And as I said, I think the second half will be up nicely over the first half. And as Jim said, overall up 4% to 6% in the segment, which I think is a good number.
Thomas F. Ackerman: We didn't say anything specifically about Q2. What we had said about the full year was the acquisitions, which we had said would do a 1 to 1-plus-percent contribution to the top line were actually doing a little bit better than that is what we said in that regard. In terms of the margin in RMS, I would say that overall, the margin's being impacted negatively by the trends in the legacy model sales, so the small animal models, which is still a key driver in margin there, still a good percentage of the overall RMS sales. And more or less as those go, so goes the margin. So really what's been putting some pressure on the margin has been the trend in the unit sales of the legacy models. We did mention specifically in the second quarter that we did have an insurance reimbursement in the second quarter of '12, 2012, because of the tsunami in Japan. So that kind of creates a little bit of a year-over-year one-off when looking at the numbers but, other than that, we didn't say anything else.
James C. Foster: Yes, we -- I -- delays and cancellations haven't been an unusual factor for us for a while. So I don't know whether they've come down, Tycho, but they certainly haven't worsened. And of course we're -- we've been taking share and filling capacity. So our experience is likely different than other people that you're speaking with.
James C. Foster: That's a great theory and wonderful supposition. I wish it were true. Nobody stocks up on lab animals in advance. They grow out of spec and they get too heavy and they get too old and actually they're not appropriate for certain types of studies. So pretty much it's become very much a just-in-time ordering business and it's also one where I think all -- everyone involved in this industry is very thoughtful and careful about how many animals are purchased and used. So no, I don't think it's a overstocking, destocking and restocking situation that we're going to deal with. I mean, it's quite simple. We -- we're getting price and we're taking share and we're focusing heavily on the academic marketplace, doing really well there. But we have very, very large research facilities, some of the most well-known ones in the entire industry for some of the biggest drug companies that are coming offline kind of one after another and, in a couple of instances, almost simultaneously, all of whom -- I mean, they're all significant clients of ours. Some buy only our animals. So it has obviously an undue adverse impact on research model purchases for some period of time. The flip side is that it has -- it is having and will continue to have a positive uptick and influence on Research Model Services and Preclinical Services and Discovery Services for sure because those -- most of those facilities weren't empty, they were sort of not well used. So there was still work going on there. A lot of safety assessment work and discovery work. And they need to still have their work done. They just don't want to own the people or the bricks and mortar. So that's one of the reasons we're seeing this whatever it's been, 4 quarters in a row upward tick in our Preclinical business, that's why we're getting and winning so many strategic deals and that's why we're seeing us take a disproportion amount of share.
James C. Foster: So we have won additional ones and, as we tried to clarify over the last couple of quarters, we have won many more than the 2 we reported on, which is why we now have 25% of our total revenue associated with those. They're just -- they're impossible to talk about because we don't get permission from our clients. It's very awkward to be referring back to pieces of work with no name associated with it. So we thought it best to frame it in terms of how much of our revenue it takes. In terms of ramping faster, I would say not. The first one we announced ramped pretty much as anticipated. There had been ebbs and flows there but the client has done, in the aggregate, what they told us they would and we anticipate that they will continue to run at those levels. The second one that we did announce actually started off a little slow but is -- has gotten -- getting up to speed nicely. There's a lot of these conversations going on now because there's so much space coming offline and you can just -- you can see everybody sort of reaching the same conclusion. It's unclear to us why it takes some people longer than others and, of course, some haven't reached a conclusion yet. But certainly, as the patent cliff has gotten more severe and the ability to fill it in has gotten harder and the value proposition has gotten more difficult, the necessity -- I won't even say opportunity, the necessity to use outside resources to do development work I don't think is optional. And we're quite optimistic that we're going to continue to see -- will continue to come [indiscernible] outside. Our capacity utilization is filling up nicely. We're becoming more selective on work that we take and we trying to get a better mix and trying to get a little bit of price here and there. And so we're seeing some solidity and some predictability in the market dynamics and that's certainly a good thing. And we're playing our critical role in this marketplace in a very strategic and, I think, beneficial way for our clients.
James C. Foster: Yes, we -- sales for both -- sales for -- safety assessment sales for both the very large drug companies and the biotech companies was up, continues to be strong. Our biotech percentages -- we don't break it out but it's quite substantial. And if you look at the client list at virtually all of our preclinical facilities, particularly even some of the larger ones, we're doing an increasing amount of work for the smaller players. I wouldn't say necessarily the smallest players but it's kind of mid-tier to first-tier biotechs who -- they tend to be very important clients. Many of them have no internal capabilities at all. The very, very big ones have modest internal capabilities but outsource a lot. They tend to just kind of lock on to us and stay with us, whereas pharma, of course, has been dismantling their own capability. And you can tell that they're all trying to figure out how much work, if any, to keep inside. And I think we're -- over the next 3 to 5 years, we're going to continue to see a reduction in space and work and they're going to make some really tough decisions about why they have to do this work at all if they could depend on outside resources. So we -- it's more work to engage with the biotech companies just because there's so many of them. But we do quite well in our relationships with them and they're an important part of our current revenue base and will continue to be in the future.
James C. Foster: Yes, it's hard to say. In the old days, we used to track the number of companies going public with what our volume was. And you could see that, as the red herrings started to come out, revenue increased. It's much more subtle today. I'd say a lot of the money is coming directly from Big Pharma. So spending is a lot about relationships that they ink with the drug companies and, of course, in any event, whether the money is coming from the capital markets or from Big Pharma, it really all depends on what the pipelines look like. So if they have additional compounds to develop that they weren't developing because money was tight a little while ago, that's obviously very good for us. I'd say on the margin, obviously additional funding sources for the mid-tier comps will be beneficial for us going forward.
James C. Foster: Yes, I would say that, as I just said, that we're participating significantly in both client types. We have won, as is our stated strategy, a positively disproportionate share of the large pharma deals that we have competed for, either pursuant to formal RFPs or informal conversations with clients. So we have aggressively and decidedly gone after them with a view towards building market share and having a disproportionate amount of that work, hopefully for many years. So I think we've been really clear about that. We have been -- we have had a similar strategy with regards to kind of first- and second-tier biotech companies who are well funded, have drugs, many of whom have revenues and profits. We -- they don't have any internal capability but we have a similar opportunity to bid on RFPs and we have won many of those. Two in particular we are the exclusive provider to this client. We are clearly seeing competitors, large and small, be much more aggressive lately. Some have been quite vocal about they're going to get aggressive and go after share. I would say that in some of the smaller relationships, which is maybe how you started the question, some of the smaller clients where we have had extremely aggressive pricing by competitors, we have not gone to the mat and we've stopped at a point where we think any lower will be disadvantageous to our margins and we have let others have that. And as I said earlier, since our space is filling and I -- you'd have to get your own data around our competitors but I think their space is less full than ours, all of them. We're being more selective and have to be more selective then. And I think that's a really good opportunity for a us. So we don't want to turn our back on any client segment and we're trying not to. But probably we have a disproportionate focus on very large pharma and first- and second-tier biotech.
James C. Foster: Well, we -- the -- as the space -- as more space comes offline that will put pressure on units for sure. We've seen a lot of big facilities come offline already. So it's difficult to predict what the future will bring or when that will happen. While units are obviously impactful to us, it's -- so -- the mix of units and the value of units is also critically important, as is pricing, as is -- as are share gain opportunity. So I don't know. It's very difficult for us to give sort of a long-term view of this given our -- the enormity of our share position. But we'll do everything we can to continue to hold and gain share to the extent that the business is available.
James C. Foster: Yes, we would think so. We get a little more in the U.S., and we get a little less in Europe and we get a little less in Japan. That's a blended -- that's blended number. But yes, we've raised our prices all ways, so have the competition as our cost of production continues -- goes up, cost of labor and things. And yes, the -- we have no indication that clients won't continue to pay more for these valuable research tools.
James C. Foster: We don't break those out specifically except to say that we're seeing an increase in both. It's shared gains for the safety -- regulated safety assessment work. It's also more work coming outside. Of course, some of that could be shared gains. On the non-GLP work, we have a greater focus on that. Clients are getting more comfortable outsourcing that work. Historically, that's been work they've held much closer to the vest. So this is new but both in our in vivo pharmacology work and for the classic non-GLP stuff we have seen a continued uptick and we would -- I would believe that, that would continue in both sectors.
James C. Foster: It's a very difficult question to answer because of the pricing dynamic. So it's actually possible that the volume is increasing and it's tough to tell. I guess the best answer to that is it doesn't matter to us. By that I mean that, of the total pie, depending on who's numbers are accurate -- let's say 45% to 50% is currently outsourced. That means double the amount of work that's currently outsourced to all the CROs is still available for us to get. And then you have to parse it and determine how much of that will be outsourced. We've historically said we think the clients will get up to 75%. I think it could be higher, by the way. But let's be conservative about that and say 75%. There's s a lot of market share opportunity for us to get even if the whole pie doesn't grow. So while I get your question, we're much more focused on the amount of work that will come outside and the rate at which it will come outside and, of course, the prices and the mix of work that will come outside.
James C. Foster: We would. As you said, we're very pleased with it. It's a totally different market than the rest of the world. It's nascent. We're almost going back in time to -- we're going to reeducate the market from scratch. There's obviously a very big investment in life sciences and not a very sophisticated understanding of the critical nature of high-quality research models. So we're very pleased with the performance, both the revenue growth and the margin. It's ahead of our acquisition plan. As we continue to expand that business and don't see other commercial competitors in that space, yes, I think we'll continue to sequentially grow.
James C. Foster: We don't -- we haven't broken it out that way, Ricky, and we don't have -- really have any desire to do that at the current time. That 25% number is important. They -- most of these deals have started with either safety assessments or non-GLP work as the conversation that we've had with the clients. They want to outsource that. That's usually what the bidding process is about. We've been highly successful in getting those deals. Then we have kind of a large grid that we put across all of our products and services that allows them to get the benefits, from pricing point of view, of additional volume. So we actually think that the clients utilization of the whole portfolio is really critical. And as we said in our prepared remarks, we've had several large drug companies just in the last quarter talk to us about the fact that they're reducing their research partners, in one case from several thousand and another case from several hundred, down to 20 or less, with us being 1 of the 20 or less. And of course that means that they're looking at their total spend and of course they buy a whole range of things from us. So sorry for not breaking it out the way you asked the question but safety assessment is a critical part of that 25%, for sure, usually the catalyst that starts the conversation but it allows us to have a bigger conversation with the client.
James C. Foster: I would say in the last quarter or so it's been pretty much all of our competitors have been vocal in saying that they're going to aggressively go after business to take share. Obviously that's related to their capacity situations, which I suspect are not as full as ours. As we also said earlier, depending on the need -- depending on the client, depending on whether it's a current client of ours or one who we think is large and important to us going forward or one that we just think we have to make a determination not to continue to join in that aggressive bidding, where we have passed on several of those in the past quarter. Just we -- we just haven't played. And in certain instances, as I said, in order to hold share or to get share with large clients we don't have it -- we have also responded in kind. Having said that, I would say the whole pricing modality right now is reasonably rational and it's pretty much on the edges and pretty much primarily related to smaller clients that they've gone after.
James C. Foster: These are really small laboratory facilities related to our Accugenix business. So we want to have a local place to do the lab work before we send the results to our library to determine the species of microbial identification that they're focusing on. So they should have no impact on margins. They're very small and they should actually help the top line and the bottom line of the Accugenix business for us. So the -- you should look at those positively.
James C. Foster: Activity is really robust right now. We're seeing a lot. I would say we're seeing a lot of high-quality targets in terms of potential growth rates, quality of technology. Most of these would give us additional technology capability. Some of them are geographic but most of them, the focus is continuing to move us upstream, enhancing some of our current businesses and adding additional capabilities, which I'm not going to get too specific on. A lot of these companies are venture owned, so I think the price expectations are high. Having said that, we intend only to pay appropriate and rational price points for them. I think a lot of these investors have been in these companies for a relatively long period of time so I think we're optimistic about our opportunities to be successful through M&A. Having said that, you never know until a deal is done and until we're deep in due diligence. So we think that's a very important part of our growth strategy going forward and we think it's critical for us to continue to expand the portfolio and have it be more unique and hopefully provide some technology to our clients that not only no competitor has but we'd like to provide technology to our clients that they've never heard of or seen before that will allow them to both accelerate and improve the drug development process.
