Todd Spencer: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings and 2019 Guidance Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the fourth quarter of 2018 and our guidance for 2019 as well as the proposed acquisition of Citoxlab. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There’s a slide presentation associated with today’s remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 462521. The replay will be available through February 27. You can also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I’d like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the Company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements. During this call, we will primarily discuss results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results from operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial information link. Now I will turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Todd Spencer: Thank you, David. That’s concludes our comments. And I would like to say that we do apologize for the audio difficulties. We’re having some phone trouble as you can tell. But now, operator, we will like to take their questions.
Todd Spencer: Great. Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences. This concludes the call.
David Smith: So the vast provider into the revenue is coming from classic regulated toxicology, largely general and some specific capabilities that we called out in the call like reproductive toxicology and ocular, so big general tox house with some specialty capabilities that enhance areas that we already have. This industrial and chemical piece, we do a lot of that at two of our other sites, so that to increase the capability for us. It's recently small piece of CiTox. We also have medical device testing which doubles the capability that we have corporately and very enthused of our both of those markets particular med device, which is very high growth and significant. And CiTox has exceptional scientific capabilities in this. And I guess, the other thing I want to say about the deal is that the geographic footprint is a very strong force for us. We’re excited to be in Eastern Europe. We think there's a lot of benefits of having and building a business in that geographic locale, given cost structure and the educational level and work I think that we finally have.
David Smith: No. It's not a placeholder. We're very comfortable with using the revolver. The European based company that we will be putting the debt in Europe.
David Smith: That gives us the cash that we're generating cash -- gives it a home, it give us something to do, unable to pay down that cash down there. So no bond.
David Smith: I mean, we I think the simple answer is Q4 was a strong performance from all of that segment. You know we’re really pleased with the strength of the revenue that came in, and the operating result that we delivered. And I think there’s nothing more to say than the performance of those underlying businesses beat our expectations and beat our expectations and offset some of the pressure [ph] that we saw from the bilogics move.
Jim Foster: Let us clarify that. So, there was a comments specifically about additional Safety Assessment or tox acquisitions and what we’re really saying is we have substantial scale and geographic footprint and scientific capabilities across the whole variety of areas, including specialty tox areas. So we’re really pleased with that and we have the ability to continue to grow this business ahead of the market, take share and take new share that’s coming out new biotech companies, pharma companies. So any further acquisition in the tox space are likely to be niche deals to that had specific areas and/or some sort of additional geographic players and something we have now. Just to finish the thought, so for the balance of 2019 any further M&A that we do if we do any will be small – something small less than the balance of 2019, integrating this deal and getting our leverage down below three times over the next 12 months or so. We have a variety of large, small and medium-size M&A opportunities in other parts of our business that we’re working on. We may or may not be able to achieve in fiscal 2020, but I think there will be operationally financially organization ready to do something again in 2020. So it is similar dialogue, what we said last year by MPI subject to the caveat that Charles River might be moving to another large Safety deal.
Jim Foster: Two biggest pieces of that segment are microbial followed by Biologics. So, the investments that we’re making now, one of them quite significantly in our facility in Pennsylvania, as well as some smaller investments and other geographies provides the necessary capacity for Biologics which is a very high growth business, markets growing at double-digit rates. We have capable competitors but there’s enough work for all of us and so we need to continue to invest in capacity. This is –we’re adding a lot this year, so that's a little bit of a headwind to our operating margins. The microbial business is a business that we continue to scale all the time. It's less capital intensive and less capacity intensive for the Biologics business. That’s a business that has extremely high growth and that's more about investing in technology and IP and periodically making a acquisition return to acquisitions in that space within the last three years, so, really nothing dramatic. We’ve got duplicate costs this year as a result of kind of keeping two facilities going as we bring one up and bring one down, so we don't disturb clients work. As we said a couple of times we’ll be moving throughout fiscal 2019. We’ll take us most of the year to finally make that move and it will be a slight headwind to the total operating margin in manufacturing segment.
Jim Foster: So – and the short answer is that you know and you actually articulated on this call last – we’re not a linear-type business and we’re not linear in manufacturing lines. Although, the margins have been in the mid 30s zip code, and we have bee signaling that we expected to go through the year that would be slightly lower this year because of the pressure we have from the – the move to the Pennsylvania site. So I am not sure we’re in position to actually try and give you more precise color as how we might see that margin and a move from quarter to quarter. But we maintain and we’ve also been proud of our ability to predict where the margin will end up year-over-year, but I can't give you that much more color in terms of the where the Q1 would be, for instance.
Jim Foster: They don't have a models business, Eric. So you have to think of as one of our more capable scientifically strong safety assessment competitors, it’s a company we've had admired from afar. I remember when we first got into the tox business they were the big player in Europe albeit in France. They made a bunch of acquisitions and intervening couple of decades to have strong capabilities in North America as well as we said earlier we’re very pleased with the medical device capability and the Discovery Services particularly at transporter science which gives drug interaction testing ability. They also have very strong genomics capability. So we're getting science geography, some new capabilities that actually – new capabilities and an enhancement with some of our categories which was smaller and also access to additional client.
Jim Foster: Yes. So, we've got a very interesting cadre of services and South Francisco [Indiscernible] U.S. [Indiscernible] clients want services very proximate to where they are. I want to walk samples over or drive them a mile and then we're literally that close to a whole bunch of biotech and a few pharma companies as well and we'll continue to add to that. So we've -- it's Discovery right now. We've got some Insourcing Solutions capability. And one of the deals that we just didn't like these technology relationships and we've just struck with Distributed Bio, and they're actually right next door. So kind of beginnings of hopefully a larger capability, but it's not a giant footprint right now. We are adding like we have -- we're at least the last half dozen years having small tranches of space at multiple, I'd say six different sites, safety assessment sites throughout the world not just U.S. No and yes we will continue to open space at MPI as we need it. As you know there are lots of non utilize study rooms, some of which are have storage and then some of which are ready for operations. So it's really more about staffing them up. That takes the time. They're readily available. I think that gives us great flexibility for growth in a very measured cost effective manner so that we don't get capacity in excess of the demand and by the same token we don't turn away work because we have insufficient capacity. So we feel very good about some of the new space we're bringing online. We still -- we have a very big footprint and as we add -- as and when we add CiTox we'll have a larger footprint. And that just plays to clients being able to work approximate to where they are and also gives us greater client mobility to be able to say to a client, we're sorry, we're where we're full, and in the space is closest to you, but we have something else that's also reasonably approximate that we can say, stays relatively quickly. So in our focus to enhance speed and take time out of the development process, the breadth and geographic proximity of a portfolio is going to be very powerful.
Jim Foster: Yes. I can’t give you an exact number. This would be clear this would increase it. They have a range of clients both large and small, they have some big pharma clients. I'd say the majority of their work is with mid to small biotech companies, some of whom we already work with and some of whom we doubt they are domestic and they are North American and non-North American. So it would increase -- it would increase that percentage given that the funding levels and the scientific creativity and advancement and innovation and the fact that none of these clients have internal capabilities, we like that increase.
Jim Foster: So I would say that could be capacity utilization at CiTox is if they are essentially fully utilizing their space. Having said that, we do think that just some of our capabilities things that I spoke about a moment ago like the way we are scheduling tool that we have, just overall efficiency initiatives that we have. How we time the end of the study and bring up a new one that we still can we get more capacity utilization out of the CiTox facilities even though they're well utilized. So that's just an opportunity for more margin improvement. We could do this with a trivial amount of investment. Derik, we never know exactly what the industry capacity is. I would say that we bought two of our competitors and we hope to buy a third competitor that we're finding our competitors. MPI being an anomaly just the size of the building that we're finding the industry to be generally well utilizing their capacity well. We don't get a sense that if we tell a client that we can't start a study for three months, let's say that they're running into the competition and they could start earlier. We see very little – we see some, but we very little aggressive pricing which is an indication that everyone's busy, everyone's getting some price. Well, we will say about prices that we did get price in 2018 and we anticipate getting more in 2019 and we would expect that competition would as well. So, kind of feels like everybody's behaving themselves. The demand is quite strong kind of across the client base both pharma and biotech. The internal capacity of pharma is shrinking. The internal capacity of biotech particularly the mid-sized and smaller ones never existed. So they are continue to be now outsourcing. So again, we feel really good about having the capacity that we need to accommodate new business and we are continuing to spend a lot of our time on recruitment and training of our employees to have them ready just slightly ahead of when the work comes in because you just can't hire them and catch up with that demand. So we did -- I think we did a very good job in that at 2018, and I think our hiring capabilities have been enhanced and we feel quite confident we will be able to do that in 2019 as well.
Jim Foster: No. It's different in every geographic locale and it changes from time to time. You suddenly get some pressure in a Geo. Reno's become an interesting place. Big Tesla battery manufacturing facility, they also have Google and Apple have moved in there. So that's certainly become a place where I'm with that and skill level we have to pay more. I will say that we feel that the entry level enhancements that we made in the middle of last year multiple places in the U.S. and overseas including, China by the way and the alleviation of the compression that had caused. We think we're caught up so we don't think that there’s a lot of pressure and obviously if we ever have to tweak a locale like we I just spoke about would we know what we'll do that. But we're not finding it particularly difficult to recruit people. I’m finding it difficult at all at the highest end. Derek, if you’d find interesting, getting a lot of people from big pharma and biotech, which is fabulous and entry level people you know there's the statistic that we worked on 85% of the drugs. I think people are proud to work in a company that has those metrics and also it's a good recruiting tool. But of course we have to pay well, so we won't let that be an issue and I don't anticipate we'll have another need that sort of wholesale improvement in fiscal 2019.
Jim Foster: Actually we did have a conversation around manufacturing margins going through the quarter. So maybe in the interest of time we could pick that up probably after the call.
Jim Foster: That's a that's a really good question. I would say David, it’s sort of a multiplicity of factors here. One is, that the scientific capabilities of the company are just very deep and very well respected and we felt that way competing with them for a long period of time that they continued to distinguish themselves as we’ve dealt with WIL and MPI. But I would say that WIL and Citox were unusually, we saw a lot of client feedback about the strengths and so we like that we like the additional capacity in Europe and particularly in Eastern Europe. We actually have aspired to be in Eastern Europe for a long time, and just haven’t been able to figure out a way to do that. We would always prefer to buy an ongoing operation there are two sites in Hungary, which we are looking forward to expanding and maybe adding some additional services to that. They have strong general tox capability, and also strong specialty in repro and ocular. And we really love the discovery services, some of which we have looked at previously. Now particularly the transporter capability which is really important stuff particularly in drug drug interaction issues, strong genomics portfolio which we hear a lot of our clients asking about. So I’d say and then the medical device capability which is a big big markets about a $1 billion. We have a small capability in that, now this doubles our capability. So definitely, we picked up several scientific capabilities and a broader geographic footprint and obviously additional clients that we didn’t otherwise have. Overall it provides…
Jim Foster: Yes, I mean that’s something that we report on except to say that we have a strong bookings and backlog scenario, a lot of proposals coming in just we ended the year very strong and we just know it's continuing. We think the demand metrics just in terms of funding, outsourcing and sophistication and elegance of some of the new scientific breakthroughs are really driving a lot of the growth. So we feel very good that the demand will continue and we’ll have some pricing power, that the mix will be that could be beneficial for us in terms of specialty and general tox and having some, having some backlog is really important because studies inevitably will slip, drugs won't be ready on time. So if somebody has booked a slot, you know -- we need somebody else to slot in behind it. Also, we need to try to match our hiring metrics with demand and stay slightly ahead of that. So we a pretty good line of sight let’s say four or five months ahead, in safety as to what the bookings are at each side. And you know I think we’re doing an increasingly more sophisticated job at staffing up to that demand level.
Jim Foster: Signal that for the full year, if you look at just that what’s the total. We’ve said that there will be modest improvements with the margin that we had last year, about 18.8% and that's primarily driven by the DSA segment. Now we haven't actually passed that down cycle by segment where that will come from, but try to get some clearance to where it increased over 80 would come from. And if you've been following that you know that we kind of have a number of headwinds that we're dealing with like we got a headwind from the salary adjustment that we made in July last year which probably puts on about a 20% -- a 20 basis point headwind for the 2019 on total business. And we have headwinds from the NIAID contract even though the revenue is obviously very good, and we've got headwinds from the capacity expansion biologics. However, we do have strong order books. So we do get sort of a tailwind on the DSA in particular and we also get tailwind from the unallocated corporate cost. Now we've been bringing those down 7.5% as a percentage of revenue in 2016, 7% in 2017, 6.5% in 2018 and we’re signaling that we'll be at 6% of revenue this year at 2019. So when you put all of those ingredients together, that's why we feel that on balance that we should see a modest improvement over the margin for the total company for – 2019.
Jim Foster: We feel that large and small biotech clients are extremely well financed. The figure is at least clear for years of cash available. No reason to believe that fiscal 2019 would be a slow year in terms of cash coming into the sector both directly into these companies or to the VC sector or from Big Pharma. That’s just to support biotech. As long as the breakthrough is continuing to happen, you had the first company file RNAi. I got approval on RNAi drug use a bunch of messenger RNA drugs in the market for a thousand gene therapy drugs have been filed obviously continued breakthroughs in immuno oncology. So it's hard to believe that the capital markets won't continue to support these companies. It’s also hard to believe that there would be any sort of federally mandated pricing, ceilings on innovative drugs that are satisfying unmet medical need. That just would be sort of the anti-American and antibusiness and would probably have a chilling effect on these companies’ desire and ability to continue to invest in R&D. So we think that’s a fair amount of noise, maybe there will be some price ceilings on generic drugs for which there are multiple drugs with specific indications. Most of our clients, virtually all of our clients are dealing with the innovative molecules. So would you anticipate a similar demand curve that we saw in 2018 could be better, don’t see how or why it would be worse.
Jim Foster: It’s a great question so. We’re not going to give a specific number except to say that the overlap with Charles River customers is somewhat more favorable than it was with MPI. So it’s beneficial for us. We did a very good job, and we worked hard at it. We did a very good job with MPI and WIL who wanted to continue to work at MPI and WIL sites with MPI and WIL staff of keeping those clients happy to the extent that they just had business as usual, and we’ll do the same thing with this deal when it happens. The beneficial upside as you pointed to, for both, the legacy clients of the company is that we buy but also legacies Charles River clients to help them, be able to audit and be happy with the possibility of doing work at multiple sites when particular site is full. So, we have many MPI and legacy WIL clients who are now using Charles River sites that they didn’t otherwise use or even have anything understanding of. Also interestingly, we have legacies Charles River clients who are using MPI and WIL site. Tonight, we would expect exactly the same thing with this deal that we now just have a bigger portfolio to provide our legacy clients maybe, a site that’s more proximate, maybe a site that is available, maybe a site that is doing something in a proximate way that another one of that site isn’t. So the magic for our business, is it’s notional claim ability which we talk about a lot to be able to say the clients, the more, the more you are open to and comfortable with a larger number of assets and capabilities, the more quickly we can be responsive to you. And then, we have lots and lots of clients that use multiple sites and are happy with that. These multiple sites for different reasons, so we just feel this expands and enhances that overall capability.
Jim Foster: We had a major intervention as we talked about a few moments ago in our [Indiscernible] and the attendant compression last year. And the direct result of that is, we were able to hire a lot of people last year. A lot of them in safety assessments, as we needed and slightly ahead of where we needed them, with the resulting reduction overtime, and a resulting reduction in turnover, which is exactly what we wanted. So we’ll continue to drive those same metrics, continue to drive turnover down, continue to enhance our training methodologies continue to recruit in large numbers, trained people together, cross train them, so there’s more flexibility in terms of the work they do and make sure that we don’t get compression with people that have been with us a long time. So it feels like we’ve stabilized that situation nicely and have moved into 2019 with a stronger headcount and greater ability to recruit people. You know the big pharma merges, they are what they are. We have no clients that are kind of more than 2.5% of our revenues. So our customer concentration is really wild. That’s a great thing. So nobody asked permission before they do this deal. So all we can do is, do great work for all of these companies when they’re independent, which you should assume that the companies that are in the public press these days are clients of ours. We do good work with. If the portfolios are really complementary, that there’ll be a significant amount of work that will be outsourced and that we should continue to get a lion’s share of that work. It’s impossible to know what the punchline is because one of those big deals is isn’t final, and one just was finalized, but we feel very good about our, our position with those clients and our relationship with them. We also think it’s highly unlikely that we’re going to see any more deals anytime. It’s just a small number of clients left. And bigger isn’t necessarily better.
Jim Foster: So when we looked at M&A and we have a number of metrics that we’re looking at. One of which is we expect it to be positively accretive out of the gate, and we’re not looking for companies that we want to turn around. One of the other key metrics that we have is a return on invested capital that peaked our WACC by three or four. And what we were trying to figure by that statement was that, we believe that this acquisition will achieve that like target. In New York Investor Day in August last year, we called out quite a bit of that history of how we’ve been doing with our acquisitions. So we were signaling this morning that we will be held to account to that target as we have without prior acquisition. And at some point in the future I’m sure we’ll get an update to where we are in our portfolio about achieving that.
