James C. Foster: Yeah. There's really no additional color, Derik, in terms of people expressing any concern about Washington at all, any concern about funding at all. As we've said, the quarter started a little bit more slowly than we had maybe anticipated, or would have liked. We saw bookings. We saw sort of interest, inquiries, and bookings steadily increase, so there's crescendo in March. Feel really good about the backlog. So, we – it's large universal clients that we're dealing with, both U.S. and Europe, obviously biotech is primarily U.S., but large, medium and small biotech companies, let's say, if you want to call it an industry, that group of clients is extremely well funded, developing a lot of breakthrough drugs, a lot of money coming in from a variety of sources. And we really didn't hear anything to the contrary from anyone. And we know, when we look at our business volume, but we're checking in sort of real time with very senior people about this stuff, because we're hearing a lot, primarily from our investors, who – sort of news-generated as opposed to reality. So, didn't see any evidence of anything. And then actually, the quarter was enhanced by significant demand from our global clients because we re-upped several, actually, of our long-term agreements. They sort of all came together kind of in one quarter. We signed new ones, and we expanded some old ones and licensed some old ones. So, that always feels like it's shoring up the infrastructure for us. It gives us better visibility and predictability of our business model. So, look, we were very happy with the 8.2% top line. We would have, obviously, liked the DSA segment to have a stronger top line, but we really feel that the quarter strengthened so significantly and the bookings in backlog are so good. We still feel confident with our sort of full-year look at that, which we believe it'll be low double digit. And it's got this, sort of, by definition, a variable cadence. A lot of that work in safety in particular, even the discovery work. I mean, studies don't start and end at the beginning and the end of the quarter, and we're going to have some variability. And as we had in the conversation of the third quarter last year, we'd like to get people to look at sort of at least kind of the annual view of this. And so we feel good about what we're hearing, but more importantly of what we're experiencing from a bookings point of view.
James C. Foster: Yeah. So, we're obviously happy with our leverage. We continue to move it down as indicated and as we desire. Deal flow is great. Yeah, it's moderate PE, venture capital and some privately owned businesses of, I would say, small to modest size – mid-size. We don't always know, but we're increasingly feeling that we're likely to be the only or perhaps one of a couple of strategic buyers that were often competing with financial buyers who should never and often can never win a competitive bid process, given the cost and the revenue synergies that we have. So, look, we remain extremely disciplined in what we will pay. So, public company comps aside, we're not going to overpay for anything, we haven't done a deal in a long time, there was anything worse than neutral and many – most have been accretive. So, we're quite focused on that and gain the returns that we want. We have a whole range of targets that – all of whom would enhance our portfolio in a material and strategic fashion. We're looking at acquisition opportunities virtually in all of the areas where we feel that we have substantial growth and will make us a broader solution for our clients. So, yeah, we're very busy. As you know, we don't have any arbitrary goals for the year, except that our preferred use of capital is strategic M&A, we'll do good deals if we can get that done and the due diligence work (39:09) we won't do them if none of those things happen. Having said that, I suppose we'll be somewhat surprised and disappointed if we don't have some M&A concluded this fiscal year.
James C. Foster: Study starts within tox are inherent in the toxicology business. So, we'll always see them. Companies who used to do the work themselves always suffer internally, it's (44:52) when the drug is ready on time, ease or difficulty formulating it, priorities within the business. So, that goes to backlog. And as backlog improves, that's always less of an issue. So, we saw, as I said earlier, we saw a strong global client impact in the first quarter because of lots of signings of big deals, that's always a good thing even though our revenue is slightly larger for the biotech clients. And we're seeing sort of an evaluation that always happens in the first quarter of what drugs they want to approve, and when they want to get started, so safety is typically lighter anyway was kind of what we expected, maybe a little bit slower. But as I said earlier, extremely pleased with the solidification and the intensification of demand and inquiries pretty much on a world-wide basis, pretty much throughout the entire client base as the quarter ended. So, we're seeing very good client interaction. And it's hard to slice it because we have so many clients, both very large and very small. You have to remember that very small has never had any internal infrastructure, so they are totally dependent on Charles River, or the companies like us. So, if the work is available, it will come outside.
James C. Foster: So, it doesn't strike me that it's sort of cycle-related. And it's not necessarily particularly well-correlated with other parts of the business, although that may change over time. So, the business is increasingly improving, I'd say, the last two or three years, we've seen the sort of growth rates that we had desired and the operating margins that we had desired. We're investing significantly in capacity and scientists, and then our capabilities, which are continuously broad gauged. So, as the industry has more biologics that get to the clinic, whether they get to market or get to the clinic, that work almost entirely goes outside. When the drugs are approved, sometimes it goes inside, but often it stays outside as well. So, I guess it's most closely correlated to the increase and enhanced number of biologics that are both in the pipeline and getting to market. If and as that continues to increase, which I think everybody would agree, it will continue to increase. The power of those drugs are sort of undeniable, to be a very, very good business model – business for us. We have a very good geographic footprint, which I think is a competitive advantage for us. And obviously, the – while other parts of our business may not be predictively correlated, clients increasingly want to buy more services from a small number of providers. And so, if they can get the biologics service from us, even if it's not specifically a drug that we've done tox for them or pharmacology with them, but it's a bigger relationship and a better value proposition, they will do that. So, we're seeing that increasingly. We had a conversation yesterday about a client that's gone from having 28 providers of their work to one. Don't think that's unusual. I think that's – that makes their business easier – everyone is in a rush to market, so managing their outside suppliers kind of is a distraction. So, if you could find a scientific partner who will help you from a regulatory point of view and scientific point of view and a speed point of view, and you can buy multiple services and, I suppose, products as well from that provider, it's definitely a win-win for them, and obviously for us as well.
James C. Foster: Yeah. It's not all that different than we see. I mean, I think the competitive environment is what it is, right? You've got about half a dozen big players and that's it. We're the largest player. The first quarter tends to be a little bit slower. There's a sorting out period, prioritization, which we always see. The fourth quarter is often slow, it's kind of difficult to predict. I think all of us – can't really speak for our competitors – so I think all of us are hard at work making sure we have a strong start to the year. We utilize our capacity well. And I think that we saw that happening in the very, very early part of the quarter, for sure January, a little bit less, but – February as well, and then very strong fortification and a lot of activity in March. It's really not that unusual. So, I don't think it's all that different. I do think that all of us appear busy. Demand is, I think, good, both short-term and long-term indications. We're not seeing any sort of crazy, overly aggressive pricing dynamics. And I think people's capacity, competitors' capacity as well as ours, are well utilized. So, it feels like a very rational, somewhat respectful business environment, and we feel that we can build upon the first quarter for the rest of the year.
James C. Foster: Yeah. You know, we're not experts in the clinical side. I think what's driving it, I think there's a lot of players, and scale is obviously really important. There's a couple of really big ones. So, not really surprised. Then a couple of the people that are being consolidated haven't had the best performance. So, probably on a consolidated basis, with appropriate synergies, the businesses will just be stronger. So business is very much outsourced right now. So, not surprising, not surprising at all. With regard to safety, we are unquestionably taking share from multiple competitors, I think we have for a while. I think the business volume – I think you have two things going on. You have pharma continuing to dismantle capacity and outsource. Pharma tends to like the really big players. So, we're getting a lot of that work, and I could think of one, and perhaps one other competitor who might be seeing a lot of that work. And then of course, you have lots of new biotech companies who didn't exist last year, didn't have drugs that were available to be tested, and they didn't have the technologies or the funding, whatever, and of course, they never had any internal capacity. So, I do think that the demand proposition is an extremely attractive one and one that should be persistent and somewhat consistent over a year. And the point that we really want to make that – well, so let me make it again – is that there has been variability from quarter-to-quarter. It's not something that's unlikely that we'll see again. We feel very strongly about the double-digit organic growth rate proposition for the DSA segment and for safety in and out of itself over a year's period. Felt quite good about that. We hope it's up double-digit every quarter, it just kind of not the way it's probably going to turn out just because of the cadence of the work. And so we certainly look beyond the modest variability from quarter-to-quarter as we utilize our space well, make the appropriate investments in people. So, we feel very good about the demand.
James C. Foster: Yeah. So, the Early Discovery business continues to stabilize and strengthen. We have new management, we have new sales organization, we have an integrated drug development group that cuts across multiple therapeutic areas and in vivo and in vitro capabilities. We've done some creative deals. We announced a big deal with Nimbus during the quarter. We announced an extension with Chiesi during the quarter. It's a modest amount of our deals, but we're being much more creative with the way we structure deals. We did well with pharma in the quarter, we did well with small biotech companies as well. So, while Early Discovery was still slightly down, it is strengthening both top and bottom line. And most importantly, the client – the universe of clients that we're engaging with and signing work with is increasing. So, we really feel good about its stabilization and its future prospects.
