James C. Foster: We would not have seen that expressly. We have a relatively modest amount of our revenue that's government and academic related. That sector for us has pretty much been holding its own throughout the year, so not an issue for us.
James C. Foster: Yeah. I don't really think that that's the issue here, and we don't want to overstate or have you folks over-read the Discovery results for this quarter. So I would say that by and large pharma continues to be a continual outsourcer for us, pretty much across most companies throughout the world. But I would say that our relationships have become more strategic and the breadth of services that they buy for us is increasing. And I would say that that's pretty much across the board. And as the suite of services gets larger, that improves, and certainly that's the case in Safety, where we have a very large business that's the direct beneficiary of that. I interface with senior people at most of these accounts and talk to them about their concerns about the political situation and competition, and they seem to be pretty sanguine about that. And I don't think we're seeing that in their actions. I think the Discovery piece for us is, first place it's a relatively modest sized business, number one. Number two, it's what the drug companies do. So when you first have a conversation with them, their initial reaction is typically that's what we do. I would guess, even though we weren't in the business then, that that was the reaction relative to safety 30 years ago. I'm not sure it's all that different, although Discovery is kind of the essence of the drug companies. And whether they do well or not, or some of them do better than others, they still feel that a lot of that's proprietary, particularly the in vitro stuff. It's really early. So I would say that we're seeing slightly more of our large drug companies either keep stuff in-house or take it back in-house. I'd say it's more keep than take back, but it's a combination of both. It's a little less pronounced with the in vivo part of Discovery, which is later, just further down that path. It's pharmacology based and it's after the pure discovery. And I think that even the clients have been keeping stuff in-house, there are opportunities for us as we expand our portfolio, and particularly if we describe to them things like the fact that we've discovered 66 development candidates, that always gets their attention. So, I think that pharma is acting the way we had anticipated that they would. They're outsourcing more work, we're using biotech more as a discovery engine, some of the discovery they do internally, which is why they're holding on to some of the work that we were hoping to get. And I think on the Discovery side, the changes that we made in our sales organization and this team that's doing these integrated therapeutic area based activities plus just additional knowledge on their parts that we're in this business will help generate additional work for us.
James C. Foster: That's always been the thesis of our portfolio, right. That if there is additional M&A as they merge and drive efficiency because there's always a huge cost synergy component to that, that we're able, in our growing services business, to accommodate more and more of their needs, which is why we've invested so aggressively and built up this big portfolio through M&A. So, I would say that that's been driving growth in large measure to this point and it's likely to continue to do so, but hopefully on an even more aggressive basis.
James C. Foster: So, Charles River, Massachusetts, or our Shrewsbury operation, we continue to work hard getting it ready to do GLP work. We've, I would say, essentially hired our workforce. There's probably a few more people to hire. They're being trained. We're doing non-GLP work for our range of clients principally in the Cambridge, Mass area. We're doing some bioanalytical testing and we're doing some DMPK work for those clients as well. We announced a meaningful deal with Moderna, which I think is indicative and demonstrative of types of deals we will do with various biotech companies who want the proximity, so their study monitors can spend time with our study directors in close quarters and really participate in the work themselves. We hope to have a healthy suite of business, I would say Q2 of next year. We'll have clients in there testing our activity probably at the beginning of next year. So, yeah, we're on track. What the mix is going to be between GLP and non-GLP will be entirely dependent on what the demand is and what clients are doing at other sites of ours and what the pipelines look like. We have the ability to bring on more space if we want to, so it's one of the nice things about having built that large facility and now reopening it. So, we built out 80 rooms initially so we can double the capacity. I hope we have that opportunity. I'll let David answer the CapEx question.
James C. Foster: Sure. So, we've always thought that scale is important. So one of the reasons that we've continued to do acquisitions in this space is that, just to go back to the comments I made a few minutes ago, Discovery is the sort of essence of the drug companies, right. So in order to get their attention to outsource sort of industrialized aspects of the Discovery process or some things that they do intermittently and we do consistently, we have to have greater scale and we have to just be able to tell the story. And I think we're doing that, notwithstanding the fact that we're disappointed with this quarter. It's a much, much bigger market than the Safety business. So while it eventually may have less of it outsourced than Safety will, it's going to be a big opportunity for us. I do think that our portfolio, the breadth of our portfolio, provides a competitive advantage to everybody that we're competing with in the Discovery space. And so just telling that story more effectively and more consistently and just having the advent of time, I do think is necessary. So we have a very sophisticated, targeted, restructured sales organization that's Discovery-deep. And there's a critical evaluation that goes on when you first meet clients where they're really sizing you up to see whether the depth of your science is significant enough for them to work with you. And I think we have that, and I think this organization will show that. The additional group that we've set up, the sort of integrated drug discovery group across multiple therapeutic areas, is set up to bring all of our Discovery sites together, work both with the broader sales group and the Discovery sales group and the operational folks in Discovery that interface with the client to design very creative deals, and I think that's going to hold us in good stead. And to the other part of your question, we should see historical Safety Assessment clients who are happy with our work and haven't used us or anybody, let's say, for external discovery work, taking advantage of that, and having us understand the molecule as well or perhaps better than they do, and having this sort of continuity of services run from Discovery through pharmacology into toxicology. So, we feel very strongly about the strength of the strategy. We think that the portfolio is a very strong one, and we need to just continue to engage with our clients so that they understand our capabilities. What tends to happen, and it's happened in Safety is you talk to the clients about your capability and when they need it. And that's typically when they have financial need to restructure something or to work in a different way, they reach out to us. And we've seen that countless times in Safety and we're seeing it in various aspects of Discovery already, and I think that will become more pronounced over time.
James C. Foster: Yeah. We're continuing to see very strong demand for our Research Models business as the Chinese government continues to pour money into more life sciences at rates higher pretty much than any other place in the world. And the quality of our animals becomes clear to researchers just opposed to some of the other lower quality government-based organization. The demand is increasing nicely. We are continuing to expand geographically by getting closer to current marketplaces and additional marketplaces that are springing up. Some of the ancillary cities in China are bigger than most of the cities in the United States. So being proximate has always been important in the animal business. You want to often be able to deliver on a daily basis. So we're seeing very – we're not going to give the exact number, but very high growth rates in that business consistently quarter-after-quarter, with very strong operating margins and really positive reaction from clients who are using these animal models. So, we think it's still very early days for this business given the maturation of the marketplace and the investment in it. And we should continue to see this sort of growth rate for a long time to come.
James C. Foster: Yeah. We have a very big footprint with all of the drug companies. We're a major supplier to all of them, some slightly more than others, but it's a really critical part of our demand curve. We've stopped teasing it out because so much of pharma's – so much of biotech's money comes directly from pharma. And so much of the line between those two is sort of graying and not really all that relevant, frankly. Having said that, we have more revenue to biotech companies, which makes a lot of sense because there's a proliferation of them. They're actually doing a fabulous job at discovering novel technologies and novel compounds, many of which are large molecule. And so we're continuing to see just an increase in business with them. And, of course, they are net outsourcers. Very few biotech companies do much internally except very, very early discovery, and even some of them don't do that. They find a molecule and they license it in from some academic institution. So, we would expect biotech to continue to be a very strong client base for us, and we should continue to see our revenues be heavily weighted or weighted towards biotech, but pharma will continue to be an important source of revenue for us. There's still a lot of work that's being done internally by the big drug companies that we're quite confident will come outside given the need for them to reduce their cost structures.
James C. Foster: Well, we hope it's a less small piece. So, yeah, we're working hard at increasing our revenue with academics, not just in Research Models where we've typically engaged with those clients, but in the Discovery and Safety Assessment business because many major academic medical centers discover their own molecules, just like drug companies. They have R&D budgets that are either their own or money is coming in from a whole host of sources, including big pharma, and they're looking for a way to develop them. And so we're engaging with those academic institutions the same way we've engaged with big pharma. So we hope it becomes a more important resource for us. Historically, it hasn't been. Historically, it's been primarily a client base that's bought animals and they've been very price-sensitive. We tended to do much better, let's say, in Europe than in the U.S. because of the client. There's just a larger number of clients. So, working hard on it, but still a relatively small part of the whole.
James C. Foster: I'll take the easier one first. I would say it's a competitive universe and the Research Model business is – we want to always take our competitors seriously. So we would never disparage them, but I would say that they're certainly not becoming stronger in competition. So I think they have some issues, and we've done such a good job on a quality basis, on an international scale basis, and actually from a price point. The major competitive tool that our competition had was price, and we've pretty much taken that off the table. So, we feel good about our position there. We feel good about how we've driven efficiency there and gotten the margins up. And I think we're in a particularly strong position to take advantage of what additional business there is in the U.S. and Europe, and for sure, the large amount of work that's in China. I would remind you, since I don't think anyone's ever asked and perhaps we've never said, that none of our major competitors have any presence in China. So, we're dealing with Chinese governmental institutions, and, while the Chinese clients may like certain aspects of that, the products aren't particularly great. Discovery, it's a complicated one. So, it's a business that – and just to nuance it and to keep it in perspective – so just to repeat what David said, number one, the whole Discovery business is less than 10% of the whole, and the in vitro piece is less than that, less than 10%. So, we're talking principally about the challenges in the in vitro piece. It's very early. We purposefully went into this business because we want to engage with the clients as early as possible. We wanted to have chemistry capability. We wanted to have target identification capabilities. We wanted to be more important to the clients than we were before we did this acquisition. And so we feel as strong or stronger about the basis of the thesis, and I would say that we, I don't know, that we perhaps did not understand fully the challenges that we would face in getting clients to part with that work, or to having them say, yes I'm, why don't you try this for us? And so, I do think as I said earlier that some of the comparisons with early Safety Assessments are good ones, probably times two because I do think that these are sort of the pearls of the companies and I think that sort of instinctively resist into outsourcing some of this work. So, maybe the simplest way to phrase it is, I don't think we recognize the time that it would take to tell our story thoroughly to have the clients really pause and look at the totality of our portfolio and embrace it. And so, I do think – I think the science is fabulous. I don't think we're disappointing anyone. We don't have clients saying, oh, my God, you guys don't know what you're doing. To the contrary, clients who use us think we're great. Biotech, obviously, it's easier. I won't overstate that either. Most biotech companies have some proprietary discovery capability, but while some of them let us do the earliest work, even if we're not able to do the early work, we can do work immediately following that. So we think we've gotten the right things that we're focusing on a more tightly managed ship. By the way, we drove a whole bunch of operating margin in that business notwithstanding not very good sales, so I think we can continue to drive margin as we originally said. We have a enhanced and much more creative and much more complex sales effort with very senior people, most of whom have PhDs, interfacing with the clients, and we have to tell the story more consistently to pull work through from Discovery into Safety and vice versa. So, I don't really think our view of the business hasn't changed at all since the Investor Conference except to say that it continues to be a challenge. We don't shy away from challenges. We think that the size and scale and importance of the market is enough to keep us not only interested, but to keep investing in this business. The portfolio continues to be unique and unusual and competitively distinct and we're going to continue to drive it that way. So, we're going to just have to continue to work hard at this business. Obviously, since we've called it out, we'll be talking more about it in the future. You need to keep its size in mind and not sort of over-react to it this quarter. And also, you can't over-react to any quarter because if there's no linearity in Safety, there's certainly no linearity in this business. It's going to have some choppy aspects to it which we can ameliorate by a larger client base and a larger suite of services.
David R. Smith: And, Ross, if I can just help size the Discovery for you. Total Discovery as a percentage of our total revenue is less than 10%, and of course Early Discovery will be a smaller component still.
David R. Smith: And to your CapEx question, most of the CapEx that was needed to be spent on the Shrewsbury site has been incurred this year and maybe a little bit needed next year, but the bulk of getting that unit online has already been taken place.
David R. Smith: Correct, yes. It's a health site issue with one of the flocks and that essentially means a need to write that flock down, and that's going to have a $0.02 to $0.03 charge in Q4. In terms of next year, it'll be smaller, maybe a couple of cents.
David R. Smith: No, that'll be an operating result performance. That's why we've called it out as part of our non-GAAP guidance.
David R. Smith: So, I'll take those. On pricing, there's not much changes really in terms of what we've already signaled to everybody at 5% on Safety Assessment and about 2% on RMS. And nothing in that has changed. The shifting of the work hasn't had an impact on how we've priced the work in terms of Safety Assessment. In terms of the tax rate, the Q3, our guess is slightly lower than you would normally expect because when the UK surprised us and changed the tax rate from 18% to 17%, you essentially take the future reserves and you basically restate them at the 1% lower rate, and you take that benefit into the quarter. So it came into Q3. So the way to look at the tax rate for the year is as we said it and we've given you some guidance for the year. When we get to 2017, we will nuance that to give you a bit more flavor as to what that might do for 2017.
