James C. Foster: Dave, we're seeing pretty much all of that. So the second quarter was, obviously, a terrific quarter, it was particularly strong. So kind of all things hitting on multiple cylinders. Lots of studies with larger animals, a fair amount of specialty work and a fair amount of long-term work. Some work which happens often, but you never know when. Some large studies that were originally contemplated for the first quarter ended up moving into the second quarter. So we had a big bolus of work. The margin, obviously, is driven by having a great quarter, having a great mix of work like that and that's driving efficiency. So the margin is a combination of all of the above. We're expecting a really good third quarter and fourth quarter, where as we step back from the second quarter and kind of look at industry and the demand and the competition, and particularly the pricing, we're very cognizant of the fact that this is feeling, at least at the moment, very much because of the price, like kind of a mid-single-digit growing business for us. And maybe we'll get to high single, but that's not what we're guiding to. So we're expecting a strong quarter that will appear to moderate off of the second only because it was unusually strong. We're trying to get others besides us to look at the Safety Assessment business on an annual basis, because as you know pretty well, since you're familiar with the space, studies don't start and conclude commensurate with our corporate reporting quarters. They have different durations. And so taking a holistic view of it -- notwithstanding the quarterly conversations like this one -- we just think is a much better view. So we don't feel -- just to get to the essence of your question, we don't feel like we are being inappropriately or overly conservative. The back half of the year for all of our businesses tends to be somewhat adversely impacted by the holidays and summer slowdowns and sometimes running out of budget. It's not some overly cautious response. It's just cognizance of, while demand is very good and obviously we had a really strong quarter and so have others in the industry, and all systems point positively, given the fact that there's still a bit too much capacity in the system, we still don't have the level of pricing that should be commensurate with the volume and demand. And if and as we do, both the top and bottom line will begin to move much more quickly. So I guess, in a lot of ways, we continue to be cautious about pricing, and while we're delighted with the quarter, I would say that studies are still quite competitively bid and, yes, we talked about the fact that we win some studies where we're not the lowest price point, but price is still an important part of the evaluation process.
James C. Foster: So first off, we don't think that the dialogue that you're hearing in any way jives with day-to-day, week-to-week, month-to-month pricing negotiations that we have with clients when other competitors are at the table bidding. And trust me, as soon as that changes, you'll be one of the first to know. Because we still don't feel that we're getting paid well for the quality of our services, although we're trying to make up for that by being as efficient as possible. But clearly it will have some pricing -- obviously will have some significant relationship to capacity being very utilized. So I suspect there's more capacity in the system than people are letting on. In our case, we are getting full, and we said that now several calls in a row. We have, depending on the quarter you speak to us, a facility or maybe a couple of facilities that are functionally full. For us, that means 85%-ish. We have a little bit of space at several sites that we have and will continue to open. And by that, I mean, a room that's built and not caged, a room that's shelved but not totally finished. Not major happenings to get it done. At multiple sites we'll be able to subtly bring those online. When I mean subtly, without adversely impacting our operating margins but providing additional capacity for our clients, which of course, is our job. So I think we could do that for 1 year or 2. Could be 1 year, but 1 year or 2. We're concluding a 5-year strategic plan. We're talking a lot about capacity. We have several buildings, like one in Canada in Sherbrooke, which was built for the express purpose of continuing to add onto it. It was built in a modular fashion, to sort of break out a wall and add on to it, and the HVAC is large enough to support the additional space. So we can do that whenever we want. You obviously know that both Reno and Shrewsbury have fallow space, probably in the aggregate over 300,000 feet. That's just shells, that would take a significant amount of time and money to finish. But we own them and they're part of our facility. So even those will be -- kind of give us a leg up. And of course, we want to open Shrewsbury as soon as rationally possible. It's a big facility, it's close to the major research center in the world. And we're going to wait for some significant client commitments, but we're starting to hear a lot of noise about -- from clients that they'd like to see Shrewsbury open. And there are probably ways to open it and do multiple things in it. Like you go to safety assessment, in vivo pharmacology and some variations of those themes. So without going out and adding additional capacity through M&A or green-fielding. We have a really good portfolio. Some, literally, immediately available. Some is available over the next 2 to 3 years, if we want to push out walls and do some construction, and of course, we aspire to get Shrewsbury done. And, obviously, if demand increases in a really significant way, that we have many more large pharma companies, for whatever reason, begin to close down their own facilities, then we'll do things more quickly.
James C. Foster: Really good question. The answer is we would have thought so, historically, for sure. So here's the facts. I was thinking about this kind of last 24 hours in preparation for this call. Demand is definitely better for everyone in the CRO safety assessment space, particularly for us, but it's just better. Our North American Research Model business has had 2 good quarters in a row. Not increasing sales but flat sales as opposed to declining sales, and escalating operating margins. So 2 really good metrics. And we used to talk a lot about the correlation that you're asking about and so, on the one hand, there obviously is a correlation. Outbred rats are the model of principal, small animal model of choice and the Charles River CD rat is the principal model of choice within the outbred rat. So, yes, we should see it. I think we're actually not seeing it yet, and I think what's happening is the following: One, is that you have an overall focused reduction in the number of drugs in the pipeline. So that drug companies can spend more money getting the ones with the highest probability of getting to market, to market. So that's definitely a significant issue. The other is that a lot of the work that we're doing, and I suspect that our competitors are doing, used to be done by our clients in their facilities. So they're not doing the work. We used to sell them the animals, now we sell them to ourselves or we sell them to our competitors. So you have a net increase in work. I would just say, anecdotally, and then we should watch it and you can ask me again in 1 year, a lot of people at Charles River are spending a lot time with clients. And I've been spending a lot myself, including a couple last week. And I do ask every client -- and they're all senior R&D people and often the head of R&D, is your discovery spending beginning -- are you beginning to shift more of your spending back towards discovery as opposed to disproportionately feeding the clinic? And many of them are saying, yes. So if that's true, I would say that there is the real potential in 1 year or 2 or 3, depending on what the hit rates are, that we'll see more compounds with more promise beginning to come through the development process without this imbalance that we've had. And of course, the imbalance, if it persists too long, is going to have a really negative impact on drugs getting to market in the future. So I hope that answers your question. Not seeing it now for some very good reasons, but it's better. Even when our competitors win the studies, they often use our rats. So we get a little piece of their work. But on the margin it's really a trade-off between the work being done formally, internally and now externally, using the same animal.
James C. Foster: Great question. Historically, for whatever reason -- you're a student of the pharmaceutical industry as well -- geographically, Europe and Japan have always lagged the U.S., pretty much with regard to everything. All the ways that we've interfaced with them, we see this. So we're not surprised. Europe tends to come right after the U.S. and then Japan typically follows. It tends to be a more insular environment, obviously. So it looks like the U.S., at least for the moment, has kind of stabilized from their capacity reduction. And of course, we have reduced our capacity both in California and currently at our Michigan facility. And so we feel really good about utilization of capacity and the resulting margins that will be derived from there in the States. And we're trying to manage that same process overseas, so we will continue to look carefully at the capacity that we have and refine it as necessary, commensurate with the demand. And we're in the process of doing some of that refinement, a little bit in Japan right now. So no, I wouldn't say that we've seen it stabilize, but we expect that it will -- probably going to be another year, maybe another year or 2. But I would continue to point you and everyone else listening to the fact that while sales have not been increasing in that business, we have some very creative, very aggressive initiatives in process right now to drive efficiencies through capacity utilization, automation and doing things much less manually. And we, like we just showed this quarter, believe we can and intend to continue to drive operating margins up in that business. And we will continue, definitely, to take share in the U.S. in the mid-tier and academics. And we do think that China will obviously grow indefinitely, given how nascent that market is.
James C. Foster: Well, it's a good question. I would say that Manufacturing is probably slightly less seasonally impacted. So it's got 3 pieces, it's got the EMD business, the Avian business and Biologics. I would say that the EMD business is pretty much not impacted by the season. I would say that the Egg business, where we have, I'm knocking wood, historically been sold out of eggs year after year after year, is pretty much not seasonally impacted. I would say Biologics could be. That's a really tough business for us to call. It's very short-term work, and you don't have much backlog, you don't have much predictability. Although the business is doing much better, very much tied to large -- entirely tied to large molecules. So I'd say that will probably follow some of the ebbs and flows in just the pharma and biotech industry spendings. So somewhat in Manufacturing Support, but less impacted by the seasonality that we're seeing in kind of classic RMS or in the Safety Assessment business.
James C. Foster: No. This is not a model or price sort of variable and changing from time to time anyway. We have an annual price increase that affects different clients in different ways. Sometimes our competition follows us, sometimes they don't. Sometimes they're higher. It's a bit unpredictable. Notwithstanding whatever your conclusions are about the volumes, the volumes are still very significant for this animal model. I suspect they're still the highest of anything we do just in terms of share unit. The margins are very, very good just because we produce so many and we're so efficient. And we do get a meaningful price increase throughout the world. And I think we'll be able to continue to do so just because of the fundamental importance of the animal model. We're not seeing anything particularly unusual from a competitive point of view. And even if we did -- even if competition were to be aggressive in a positive way -- in other words, raising their prices. We would do what made the most sense for our clients, given the relationships that we have with them. But that's a product line that we're still really happy with.
James C. Foster: I wouldn't say we're having serious conversations. What I did say is, I've had a whole range of Cambridge, Boston-based biotech, large and small, ask me recently about what our plans are for Shrewsbury. So they're starting to think about how they could benefit from that being open. And as I said earlier, that was built as a very sophisticated toxicology facility and could be reopened as one. But I think it's more likely to be reopened with several different services going on at the same time, perhaps regulated safety assessment, some sort of in vivo pharmacology, DMPK, maybe, activity. And then some vivarium utilization by clients, where either we manage or they manage some combination of those. But in any event, we would want some commitments by clients in advance. And I think, typically, at least the last half dozen years or so, people are reluctant to give those commitments. But as they run out of their own space or get out of their own space or failed to want to increase it, we're likely to be able to negotiate some deals like that. And when we do, we'll be happy to open it.
James C. Foster: Yes. And that would be exactly the sort of conversation that we would want. The perfect scenario that we always thought is that we'd have 3 kind of big biotech companies take a third, a third, a third or small pharma take a third, a third, a third. And kind of own the corridors, own the space and get to know the people and have them be dedicated. I don't think that's an impossibility either. So we have a team working on this right now in terms of what do we need financially, what are the best combinations, what are the most likely clients and we're working this because Cambridge continues to expand. Big pharma is adding buildings all the time, there's more biotech companies with [ph] rodents [ph] Et cetera, et cetera. It continues to flourish, and we put that site there for a reason. We wanted to be proximate to where all the work is being done. So we're really desirous of getting it open. But the clients will have to drive that.
James C. Foster: I would say that the geography is not particularly relevant. It's very client-dependent. We have clients where we have the enterprise deals. We have clients that are one-offs. We have clients that are very price sensitive and some that will pay up for great science. So it's all over the place. We don't think we're even close to being paid for the quality of work or the level of investment that we're making. Having said that, because capacity is filling, because the mix of work is being enhanced, the margins are improving, and we're proud and pleased with that trend. But we're pretty full. And we're running pretty lean and doing really great quality work and the clients are experiencing a 30% to 50% reduction in what they would be spending internally, at least. And so there's definitely -- and if you consider the fact there we're still probably 25% or 30% below 2008, which was sort of the industry high. There's a lot of room for pricing improvement where the client still feels good about the value that they are getting, and that we feel a lot better, the work that we're doing. And the other thing that's going to invariably happen here is that clients have gone from literally waiting 6 months. In other words, calling us up and they say, how fast can you start the study? And we tell, them 6 months; and they say, okay. And they plan for that, they get their molecule in the queue. Literally, for the last 4 or 5 years, clients could start a study in less than a month or sometimes in a couple weeks. They've grown accustomed to doing that, which I think is not good for any of us. I don't think they plan well, it's really difficult for us to plan. And trust me, they plan better when they did all the work internally. So what's going to happen, putting the price conversation aside just for a moment and then I'll come back to it, is that relatively soon if you believe the anecdotal input from our private competitors, clients are going to have to start to wait. We're all going to say, even as we bring on new space, sorry, we can't start your study in 2 weeks. It's going to be 2 months or 3 months or 5 months. They will get accustomed to that. They will wait in line, that will be fine. And depending on their sense of urgency they may very well be happy or insistent on paying more. And we used to experience that in 2007 and '08. And I do think there's a sort of allocation of capacity, particularly where the client deems that to be really high-quality and they really want it. And they want it and they don't want another client to get it. The people will begin to pay up for that. But there's a lot of reluctance. And I would say the thing that puts a pall over the whole pricing thing is that you have, particularly in big pharma, you have big strong purchasing organizations that have mandates to save billions of dollars. And they pretty much try to do that across-the-board. And so there is a culture in big pharma of trying to get the lowest prices possible. And I do think that that's -- so I get that. That's, I guess, good business, but there has to be some balance between that goal and buying really high-quality science. And in some cases we have that and in others we don't.
James C. Foster: Tom and I could both take shot at this, I guess. Again, we don't feel that we're being conservative. We really are trying hard to be realistic. Yes, obviously, some of the history is in our present, of course. And there's some unpredictability in this marketplace and availability of funds, and the competitive scenario continues to be challenging. It's okay that it's challenging. But it's more challenging than it was many, many years ago. Having said that, we're quite pleased with the growth rate in the preclinical business versus the last few years. We're very pleased with the engagement with many more clients. We're very pleased with our facilities filling and the mix of business. And the only thing that we're not pleased with is price point, and it sure feels like we ought to be getting some level of relief in the not-too-distant future -- although that continues to be elusive from our ability to call that. With regard to growth rates elsewhere besides our most recent acquisition, the Research Model business has flattened but operating margins are growing. Our Discovery businesses are growing, our EMD business is growing very rapidly, as we reported, for I dunno how many quarters in a row, and we just finished almost a 20% growth quarter -- last 2 quarters we're almost 20%. And we've kind of showcased biologics as a business, which we've been growing and investing in for several years now, and it's beginning to kind of break out and make a difference. So we're generally pleased with the overall demand for our businesses. It's becoming a big complex portfolio. The acquisition the we just did should grow faster than many of our other segments. It should continue to enhance our top line growth. And we think, with some modest amount of M&A going forward, we can get the company back to double-digit growth, which is our goal.
James C. Foster: So I think it's early days on driving efficiency. We said on several calls, this is an old business that we've been in for a long time. We're the world's leader. We're really good at it. The margins are terrific, and things are way too manual. And we're rethinking everything that we do. And we're driving efficiency all over the world in multiple aspects of this business. So I'm quite confident that the operating margins will continue to expand in a meaningful way. So that's really good news. I think that we can and will continue to grow our share in the academic and the mid-tier sectors in the U.S. And I think we can continue to grow share once things stabilize overseas as well. And, certainly, China will continue to be a high-growth vehicle for us. So we've been saying for a couple years, the business will probably shake out as a low single-digit growth business. We're saying that the products and services piece now are high-20s margin. And we'll continue to drive that as hard as we can, try to get it as close to 30 as possible. And it's a very big business. It provides an entrée to literally almost every research enterprise in the world. It helps us build the rest our businesses. It's an extraordinary source of free cash. And we do also have some continuing opportunities to participate by creating or licensing in or somehow getting access to specialty models. Which has been our goal for a long time, which should help enhance the value proposition even if the units are relatively small.
James C. Foster: Sure. Good question. Our goal is to do as much of our current portfolio -- provide as much of our current portfolio in China, probably for China, as quickly as possible in the areas that makes sense. So, for instance, we've already opened and closed a GLP tox facility that we opened in Shanghai in 2006. And there was insufficient business to warrant using it. Also, we opened it at a time when there was too much space in the U.S. and Europe at low price points. So, at some point, we want to back in the Safety Assessment business, but I can't see that for a while. We have a small EMD business that we've had there for a long time. We sourced a fair amount of our larger animal models from that geographical account [ph]. And obviously we have a robust growth engine with our animal business, which will have a related diagnostic laboratory and probably GEMS business associated with it. So we're looking at that locale for possibly doing everything else we do. So that would be our avian business. That would be in vivo pharmacology, that would be in vitro pharmacology. That could always be chemistry. So we want to be able to participate in that market, which is growing disproportionally fast from a funding point of view to the rest of the world. And we think we have a lot to offer. But we're going to do that cautiously, and we're continuing to assemble a strong management team in China as we do that. So we're looking at several acquisition opportunities and several organic growth opportunities. And depending on priorities around here and what deserves the most funding and where we think we get the best returns, we'll continue to proceed on those. But China remains an important part of our growth strategy.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Eric, I would add to that one comment, because we don't think about it in those seasonal terms. But in the vaccine business, we have several clients who peak production around the vaccine periods, which tend to be oriented at different times of the year. So we actually do see a little falloff in the second half of the year because it's lower [ph] , and given overall demand, we do try to place those eggs at many other customers and sometimes we're successful and sometimes we're not. So it's a little different from other seasonal trends that we talk about, that are more related to summer vacations and things like that. This relates to some of our clients' productivity cycles.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Yes. We did say, in DSA I believe, that it was about 200-plus basis points for those couple of items. So it would probably be a little bit more than that in the legacy PCS business because it's a smaller size versus adding the Discovery Services to it. So clearly a good percentage of it, probably around half or better, really driven by volume and the flow-through of operating margin, contributed margin, however you'd like to state it, that you guys have sort of been asking about. So we did see a nice flow through of incremental margin on the pickup in volume.
Thomas F. Ackerman: We did say that the Argenta and BioFocus to work [ph] Backwards [ph] , Tycho, we're sort of in the mid-teens. We don't necessarily see that changing a lot this year. We are working through the integration, efficiencies and what not. But really, we're looking to leverage that as we exit 2014 and into 2015 and beyond. Whether we can get there or not, our target would be to really try to get that up in line with our corporate target, somewhere up in the 20% range. So that would be our objective. We have reasons to think that that's possible, but obviously that's not a commitment that we would make at this particular point in time. I think we basically want to raise them as much as we can without impacting the business negatively from a quality of service standpoint. And with regard to sort of the legacy PCS, I think, the overall DSA, we'll continue to see it move sideways, I think, in the mid-teens to maybe a little bit better than that. Which is sort of where the legacy PCS business has been and it's kind of where AB is. So I think mid-teens to slightly better is probably a good number to be looking at for DSA.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Well, if we go back to our original guidance -- we obviously increased guidance for Argenta and BioFocus. We increased it for a combination, both venture capital money and performance of the business, and then we've just increased it again. If you think about the second quarter, we outperformed by -- by consensus I guess, to use that data point by $0.15, $0.16, we had $0.04 from venture capital. Everybody's got a different take on whether the shares were a little bit better or not. I mean, they were marginally better. Obviously not meaningfully, same with the tax rate. We did mention a couple of hundred basis points with foreign exchange and the tax pickup versus last year. Although, from a perspective basis, I mean we knew about the tax change so we had kind of put that into our forecast, and the currency worked to our favor. So the truth of the matter is, without scratching it out on paper there's a good portion of it that's clearly from operations, clearly some of it is from venture capital. We talked about that being $0.12, and some of it's clearly from the acquisition. Not much I would say, really, from one-time activity at this point in time. Other [indiscernible] activity.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Thanks for the clarification to your question. And what I would say is as Jim just mentioned in reference to a question a few moments ago. We are planning to give a little bit more color on our longer-term growth rates next week at the Investor Day. But in terms of your question now, we still think there's room to improve, relative to efficiencies. We do have a robust program working on that. We've worked through a number of businesses historically, particularly, probably the in-life Safety Assessment business. And as we talked about earlier in the call, we did take some charges relative to our business in Japan. We hope to yield results from that starting next year. So, as Jim said, I think there's a lot of room still to make improvements in efficiency in a number of our businesses. And we continue to do that so that we do think that we can continue to grow earnings as well as the top line going forward.
