Jim Foster: Sure, small models continue, the fourth quarter we had a slowdown pretty much across the board with globally we had restrained spending by our clients who told us that that would be the case and it was, so that in impacts small models as has site closures and therapeutic area realignments. We also obviously had difficult (inaudible) and we had an unusually strong fourth quarter of last year, particularly December.  We indicated that the first quarter of this year would be a little bit slow as well, although we did indicate that research model sales would be up meaningfully in the first quarter. The quarter seems to have started as we thought. January feels like December these days, takes people a long time to get back to work, researchers and the budgets to be finished and there is all of these allocation of studies internally and externally but we're getting a sense that things are beginning to tick up. Our sense going forward is that we'll continue to get price, probably 1-2% that we'll continue to get market share worldwide. I would say the emphasis on market share gains would be academic gains in the U.S., gains in Europe, particularly in the UK and continue to take share in Japan which we've been doing for the last two or three years.  Our clients are talking to us about more spending in early development and also in early discovery. Obviously if that happens that generates additional research milestones and I guess that the last thing that we said in our prepared remarks and also in our last call, it's important to note, is that as we, win additional large deals whether the multi-year or individual-year, or even month-month, the work that we were doing with external clients and providing them with the animals, we are now doing ourselves providing ourselves with the animals so those sales now are inter-company based. So, we continue to feel that, we'll have at least low double digit growth in the basic research model's business that's what our service is affiliated with it. On the strategic deals, we have been very clear recently to try describe those in more comprehensive way, so we have several multi-year deals that are signed and some of them we're are talking about, we also have annual deals, in other words we have relationships with clients, contract with us or an annual basis, then we re-up those and we have some clients who work with us from study to study. In the aggregate, those are about 25% of total sales which is improving our visibility. I believe we will continue to sign deals like this, we won't be able to announce them all because the clients won't let us and it's going to get a bit tedious but I would say it's a continuous process, we've had several wins recently. some of those were just re-outs of work that we had that was being re-did, one of those was incremental work but we had thought that we would got is already planned for our guidance but I would say it's a continual process and a continued emphasis of us and that we are continuing to prevail in many of these conversations.
Jim Foster: Historically our pure R&D has been principally in the EMD space, we are innovating there all the time and we have strong IP in that space and it's important to have new generations of products. I'd say that in the rest of our business both discovery and research model space, while we had some pure R&D expenditures, that's really not the way we kept up technologically which as you say, we of course have to. I would say that a lot of our acquisitions, particularly some of the small ones are specifically to gain those sorts of technologies. So we're either buying into those technologies or licensing them in. I would say that Accugenix is a technology deal. I would say that our M&A activities right now which are pretty robust in terms of the types of businesses that we're looking at, most of which are upstream, a very much technology base and I think that going forward, you will see a sort of a greater combination of efforts between our DRS business where we branch out both further in CNS and oncology, but also other therapeutic areas, in our core laboratory business where we do and more bio market work and intermodal and also in our quest to have model creation abilities. And yes, I think the vast majority of that would be externally sourced and acquired.
Jim Foster: Yes, I didn't address that specifically outbreed rats continues to be very much tied obviously to toxicology. I did emphasize in my answer the fact that a lot of the strategic deals that we're getting both multi year and single year where we're selling those animals essentially to ourselves are showing up in intercompany and part of our overall sales effort. And upper rat sales have definitely stabilized for a while now. I would say some of the inbred rat strains continue to increase on a unit basis similarly with some of the inbreed mouse strains. We are also getting a little bit of next.
Jim Foster: Yes, our price increases go into effect, I think we informed our clients in December. We have them a month's notice. Obviously some of those price increases are impacted by larger deals that we have with clients where they're either price protected or they don't pay the full discount and that's why we haven't been reporting the full discount. But we're going to get sort of 1-2% this year. We'll have some share gains obviously some of that share gains that will be fewer units and that'll be unit mix. I'd say that some of the strands we have had some unit declines which is the result of just overall pullback in spending that we saw particularly in the fourth quarter.
Jim Foster: It's very much a combination of normal seasonality and absolutely global spending pullback by the big pharma companies, our clients tend to move as a group and similarly we saw unusually high spending in the fourth quarter pretty much across the board globally by our clients. So, we feel that that will pick up meaningfully for both reasons in the first quarter.
Jim Foster: I'd be careful to over analyze those. As we introduce new products and this is an automated product which will increase throughput in the central laboratories. It will enhance that whole product line particularly from a cartridge unit basis. The best way to look at that whole business is that, it's going to be double digit growth for the next few years at least, combination of growing share, introducing new technologies and essentially staying ahead of the market, also as we moved into microbial detection through our Accugenix acquisition, we've opened up larger market opportunities which will clearly benefit that business.
Jim Foster: It's hard to tell, we don't want to over say this, in situations where we don't have very large deals that are locked in, particularly as capacity have continued to get tighter, we have testing pricing and are periodically getting it, if that periodically turns into something more consistent then it will obviously be terrific, but there is obviously going to be some correlation between available capacity and our ability to get a greater price. So we will continue to test that and hopefully continue to have pricing be more of a part of this business going forward.
Jim Foster: Yes, these strategic deals are again whether they are multi-year or single-year or even shorter periods of time, sometimes we just prefer a provider. And one of our top five clients doesn't want a multi-year deal but we get virtually all of the work and obviously that's fine. Look, we've always given better prices for volume and I suspect that we always will and that's across the board in all of our products and services. So that's really nothing new. In the strategic relationship, as we have indicated, particularly for the very large complex one we're probably going to have some start up drag in margin and the revenue will come more slowly as we're learning to run the protocols and assays. In the very earliest deal that we announced, we did that work in very aggressive margins and it's proven out over the last year to have very attractive margins given the total volume and mix of studies and other work that we were doing for these clients. So, the margin we still think it's very positive in terms of getting share, having closer partnership, definitely invigorating the top line and if we are good and if we execute well and if we drive efficiency which we're definitely committed to, while we hope to get price and we just talked a little bit about it. We can't guarantee that. So it's going to be volume and efficiency, we do continue to think that we cannot just drive the top line but continue to improve our margins. so it all conspires, I wouldn't care if you are inferences, we just would never back off of pursuing these ideals the client face particularly with the very-very large clients is relatively small.  There's a small number of clients left that probably before the consolidation will certainly be significant, dramatic additional outsourcing and to be the beneficiary of that outsourcing and it's extremely powerful and positive. And then it's up to us to drive home the value proposition. I can just tell you that every business in this company is spending a significant amount of time driving productivity and driving efficiency and doing everything they can to contribute to pushing margins going forward given our basic assumption that pricing is possible that will be a challenge.
Jim Foster: Yes, Dave, these products, they're complicated; there's lots of hardware and complex and innovative software. We like to alpha and beta test these thoroughly, obviously before they go out and we often get really good ideas from our clients on additional enhancements. So we still think it'll be in the first half. Its lead a quarter or so, its fine as it tried to indicate when I was answering the last question. These additional products will have a subtle impact on the overall volume this year and mostly on the cartridges and obviously we will always delay a product to make sure it's as perfect as possible before we launch it, and I think it's all part of the wonderful world of software, trying to call the launch dates properly.
Jim Foster: How’s the partnership going? Partnership is going extremely well. We have very-very close scientific ties with AZ. And we are kind of using each other interchangeably; I think they look at us as AZ folks. So, communication is very close, we have people working together and discussing transfer of work daily, we continue to be very enthused with the long-term prospects for the relationship.
Jim Foster: We constantly ask them what the allocation is to spending between the clinic and earlier development work and even though in discovery work we've had a significant number of clients indicate that their emphasis while shifting and had shifted. We can also tell a little bit about this ship, if you look at early development based upon the increase in regulated preclinical studies, the nature of those studies and also to a lesser extent I suppose how some of the discovery work is coming. We are a pretty good mirror image of clients spending particularly on a global basis because we do so much work with so many of them. So, that would obviously be quite positive for us if that realignment is spending between the clinic and some of the earlier activity.
Jim Foster: It's difficult to predict that, sometimes you Europe and Asia follows the US, but I think the phenomena we saw in the fourth quarter much, just a pullback in spending by all the drug companies on a global basis. We would be surprised if we don't continue to get competitive win, share gains, both of those look held as we happen for the last few years given the weakness of some of the competition there. We are also getting price in those locals as well. I think those locations albeit smaller are still in some ways a little bit stronger in a growth rates versus the US and I wouldn’t expect that we have any sort of dramatic change in the slope at the current time. 
Jim Foster: We have a relatively small amount of our sales, specifically to the government. We only sales to NIH like everybody else and then we have a lot of government contracts, but again in the aggregate that's a relatively small number. I think it's unlikely that they're going to slash ongoing contracts particularly for, most of those are for basic animal models used for basic research which I think is pretty important part of structured research within the government. So we think that's unlikely. It's more likely to have a greater impact on things that, new contracts being let, it could have some modest impact I suppose on work directed from the NIH. But our total sales, we don't break it out for US. So I was going to say our total sales for academic and government are probably about 24%, but that's worldwide. We have a lot of government sales in Europe so I don't have the number at my fingertips but the impact if any, will be very modest.
Jim Foster: That's a bit of an imponderable. Obviously we will work hard to have as many strategic relationships as possible. again whether they're multiyear or not is not particularly relevant, the point is that if you have a relationship with the client and you're either the sole source of providing work for them or the primary source of providing work for them, I've seen a lot of cases, we have that, we just got word actually this week of re-upping with a large client that we already had and working out to RRP and we're getting that on a sole-source basis. That gives you very increasingly better visibility and predictability of our business model. It also gives you better opportunity to work on pricing and also to plan for future capacity utilization. So, I don’t know what that number is going to be. We'd like it to be as large as possible because that means that we have enhanced relationships with our clients.
Jim Foster: No we do, I mean what we said in our December guidance call is that we expected our margin to be really in line year-over-year, I know it was a little bit lower than normal in the fourth quarter but of course the fourth quarter is typically low which I am sure you are aware this fourth quarter was a little bit lower. We did talk about that in December and a little bit earlier about seeing a little bit of pull back due to clients trying to meet their budgets at yearend and what not. So I do think other than we said about a little bit of snow is out of the gate in the first quarter, we do expect to see margins be pretty normal and stable overall in our mess year-over-year.
Jim Foster: I think it’s a combination of continued volume growth, we have to work hard, continue to work hard on efficiencies but even with efficiencies we do have cost increases every year. So that’s given the limited volume increases they would had it makes very difficult to improve margin when you are not getting substantial volume or pricing so I do think we need some pricing. I think that environment will get a little bit better as we get more volume and the industry gets more volume. So, I think really it’s a combination of considering to be diligent on efficiencies, continuing to improve the top line, be it volume ultimately as capacity gets better we need to start seeing some price increases.
Jim Foster: Yes there is. Obviously we talked about that for 2013 in our original guidance and talked about some of the offsets for that like normal merit increases and some inflation from some of our vendors and things like that. So I think that's the kind of thing we are going to do every year just to offset, merit increases and things like that. A lot of that would be in PCS. I think that's probably the number one area, we obviously have a number of saving in RMS as well as corporate but I think In terms of ranking that, PCS would be the rank order number one and then RMS in corporate.
Jim Foster: We take a look at use of cash all the time, we actually have board committee that discuss that along with common eye. It's hard to characterize acquisitions because I think our acquisitions are supposed to be quite good and we could have a larger number of small deals. We could have a more modest sized deal. We have no intensions of doing anything gigantic, but we could upsize the deals a little bit. Again that would always be the best use of our cash for strategic accretive acquisition which help us to grow and service our client. If for some reason we were sitting here and had gone, I don’t know - a couple of three years without doing any acquisition and cash flows mounting and we thought our leverage was where we wanted to be, I suppose we could determine that dividend would be the best use of cash at the time or buying back stocks. So it's always circumstantial, we always look at all of the possibilities - continue on. You know what our preference is, but we have a responsibility to utilize our cash responsively and gives you a hope of best return. So I would never say we would never do anything and so we will continue to watch it, although I would have to say there are M&A pipeline that's unusually strong because we have been working on it very-very hard and I was seeing some things now that are of significant strategic merit. 
Thomas Ackerman: Well we that in January, I think a JPMorgan we did that, that's right. So originally three to five constant currency at JPMorgan, we bumped that up to four to six. 
Thomas Ackerman: I would just add a couple of things to that so in addition to the efficiencies either because of our familiarity with a specific client or general efficiencies across the board and more work in the parameters of the arrangement, the partnerships are agreements themselves tend to be more narrowly defined along a certain path and studies as you might imagine. And so as we move outside of those particularly defined studies, we have additional benefits to price goes a little bit more abrasively. In addition to that, Jim talked about more volume; a lot of these are master agreements where they provide the incremental discounts across all of their buying. so it does provide for an ability to actually pull in more work in other areas of the company as opposed to just for instance in life work, so.
Thomas Ackerman: Just to clarify the question is as an example on the AZ partnership, are mid-teens margin's achievable. And obviously which will be beneficial to the overall margin. While I would go back to some of the points that both Jim and I just raised, based on one of Dave's question where, these things are priced aggressively as you might imagine, that’s probably the genesis of your question. We do, as Jim said, believe in participating with our clients, particularly in these multi-year deals, it does increase our capacity utilization, it does provide stability and visibility over an extended period of time. So, I think it’s really important to participate. The RRP process is aggressive as you said, so we are pricing these to make good margin, margin somewhere in the range of where and as we both pointed out, I think the opportunities to improve that lie with higher volume, gaining an understanding of that work and in some cases these clients work is a little bit different to us from some of our other work doing it better, general efficiencies across the board, looking to extend this master services type agreement into other areas of business in the company where we can provide incremental work and say other areas of the company products and services. And also as I mentioned, these profiles of competitive RRPs are somewhat narrowly defined along certain study bands because each study is while similar, different in many regards. So it’s nearly impossible to provide an RRP that considers every type of possible study that might be done in the agreement. So, once you sort of start moving away from that band, pricing is less defined and therefore we have an opportunity to improve that. So, I think, the long answer to your question is I do think that we can continue to improve our margin and deals like AC and across pre-clinical and part of that depends more broadly speaking on pricing trends and capacity utilization and things like that as well, for which over the long haul we do think will improve.
