Todd Spencer: Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories second quarter 2023 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, I am joined by Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Flavia Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. They will comment on our results for the second quarter of 2023. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today’s remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call today and can also be accessed on our Investor Relations website. The replay will be available through next quarter’s conference call. I’d like to remind you of our safe harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially than those indicated. During this call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Todd Spencer: I think I'll just up that. I think any one quarter, as Jim said before, that our business isn't linear. So any one quarter is remember a good indicator of a longer-term trend necessarily. I mean we really take a lot of pricing guidance on an annual basis, and I think we've been pretty successful with that so far.
Todd Spencer: Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you at some upcoming investor conferences as well as our Virtual Investor Day on September 21. This concludes the conference call. Thanks again.
Jim Foster: Pretty broad based for different reasons obviously. The big pharma companies which are typically flushed with cash, have budgets and they are holding very tight to them. So we've got-- we have some careful spending there and you've got a whole category of very small biotech companies with you know some potential concern about burn rates and running out of cash. So we would say that essentially both of those groups would be careful subject to the following caveat that we have particularly, I think the strong performance from the pharmaceutical sector in the second quarter. So some of the companies are quite strong. Our growth rate has been juiced for the last, I don't know decade, principally by small and midsized biotech, bigpharma has always been an important client base for us, but they have been particularly active and strong to a point and the point being budget. So I'd say some careful spending across the board would be probably the best way to characterize it.
Jim Foster: Yes, difficult to say where it settles out. So we had a sickly, frothy market and clients, definitely -- concerned about getting slots? And so they booked way out. So yes, we got as far out as you know seventeen, eighteen months, we talked about that. We got about thirteen months of coverage right now, which, feels good. We will have less slippage, so slippage increased, sorry, we've always had slippages increase just because the sheer volume of work has increased by the same token, I think people were holding slots without necessarily knowing what drug they would put into that slot. That's exacerbated by the fact that everybody's sort of refining their pipelines. And so as things continue to normalize which they are and we think they will continue to, I think the good news is that they'll be booking studies somewhat closer to when they start. So that's a good thing for them and for us. We should see a reduction in slippage for sure, but we should still have a substantial amount of business and backlog where it shakes out is a little bit difficult to call. What we've said is it's normalizing instead of returning to the mean, and I think all of that's true. We've gotten a significant amount of price each year for the past half a decade anyway, increasingly so because the studies are more complex. So as we look to the current and the future, we think the price will continue to be an important part of the equation, as will some substantial volume. So we'll just have to walk through this together as we walk through the quarters. The other thing which we keep saying that I'm not sure people pay a lot of attention to it, is we don't have linearity in our business. So, last year we had a very slow first half and a very strong second half. This year we've had a very strong first half and a less, sort of pointing to a less strong second half. That doesn't necessarily tell you much because our clients look at the spending throughout the whole year and we've -- I think we've been able to call, so the annual cadence really well. But we feel that that business is good, demand is solid, we have a strong competitive situation and that our clients will be focusing on studies to start more rapidly than they have over the last two years.
Jim Foster: I mean the NHP pricing has been primarily a pass through and so we've -- we're covering our costs and getting reimbursed for them. And so if and as those come down, which I think everybody expects that they will, so it's a little bit difficult to call it because the availability of NHP is sort of ebbs and flows. So let's assume there is a sufficiency of them and we don't have the need to pass on anything incremental. I mean those NHP studies are priced appropriately given the complexity of the work, given the amount of labor and space that's utilized, given how prominent we are in space. So I think we'll continue to be able to hold on to very attractive prices there without being significantly adversely impacted by not having that somewhat unreasonable increase. I mean if you look at the price of NHPs over the last five or six years, it sort of increased at an unpredictable rate. So I think everybody would be pleased with that. I think it'll have a de minimus impact on us.
Jim Foster: So that’s getting specific about 2024, I would say it's certainly feasible. I mean the microbial business which is sort of tracking maybe high single has always been at low double. So it has that potential given the pricing and the complexity and diversity of the product line. So that continues to be very strong franchise for us since it’s extremely profitable. The CDMO business which was a big headwind last year is improving nicely both on the top and the bottom line, so that should contribute well. Biologics business is a little bit curious. It always starts slow so that it's not a big surprise. Stayed reasonably slow again second quarter, but we anticipate it will continue to improve in the back half of the year. That testing has to be done before drugs get into the clinic and the big push now is to get things into the clinic. What we're seeing thus in some of this stuff is really expensive is that in viral clearance and cell banking which are expensive and I don't know, a year or two ago they might have done that earlier in the process, we’re waiting until later in the process. So as the drugs continue to develop well they will spend that kind of money and we still feel very good about that franchise and the investments that we've made in capacity and staffing, assays that we put in place to cell and gene therapy. And we’re definitely holding our own from a competitive point of view, but the volume is such that's a bit of a drag right now on margin. So that will continue to ameliorate in the back half of the year. We're beginning to think and plan carefully for our investor conference at the end of September. Well, we'll try to give as much clarity on what we think the absent flows are on the specific businesses across the whole portfolio when we get there.
Jim Foster: You should assume that pricing will -- that we will continue to be able to garner meaningful price given the complexity of the work, you should assume. Can't really speak for all of our competitors, but I will. You should assume the capacity is going to be tight so while we can start studies faster and the backlog is shorter, the backlog is not trivial and we're very busy on a worldwide basis and we've added more capacity last year and this year, but only enough to accommodate for what we think the anticipated demand will be. So I think as long as there's lots of healthy drug development, which there is, as long as there are multiple new modalities which there are as long as access to capital is -- improves which I think probably everybody on this call has a different sense. But the second quarter was better and yet there's more M&A and you know, so if we have IPO markets open up, let's say the beginning of next year, cash will be readily available. So we're not -- it’s not a major focus of ours and of course it's going to, that's also going to have inflow depending on how busy we are and depending on how people feel about the economy. So some of this is sort of a sector related response and a lot of it's just an overall economic response. So pricing will continue to be meaningful in terms of our ability to get a significant amount.
Jim Foster: Yeah. So you'll have to be patient for another month. We'll give you chapter and verse on where we think we're going, both on the top line and bottom line. Let's wait until we do that on Mass. Q - Tejas Savant All right. Thank you. I appreciate the time.
Jim Foster: We're not looking at it as necessarily transitory, look we're looking at it as utilizing our infrastructure, which is bigger than everybody else's of clients and competitors. Continuing to use it to our competitive advantage and that means multiple supply sources of NHPs that might mean multiple geographies and multiple facilities. So the good news is we have a very big infrastructure and enormous amount of expertise in NHPs around the world. And we'll be able to slide in different providers of NHPs let's say in U.S. market if you don't bring them in from Cambodia. And if we do bring them in from Cambodia, then we'll use multiple sources. So I don't believe it's going to have any impact on our margin without being too specific about we're doing all of this work and then we're getting healthy prices everywhere. Obviously, costs are not identical everywhere that we do work, but on a blended basis. As we keep the volume up, we should be able to generate hopefully increasingly better margins. We're also spending a lot of time on efficiency initiatives, particularly through our digitization effort and sort of standardization of activities. So, if a client is used to getting work done and somewhere in the U.S. and now it's getting it done, for instance, somewhere in Europe, they should feel that the work will be identical.
Jim Foster: Yes, very difficult. I mean, the needle moving from the point of view that we're having vigorous regulatory and client audits. And if those are successful on both I think that puts us in a very rarefied position from a competitive point of view. So we would anticipate that gives us sort of a clean bill of health and other clients would follow. It's impossible to gauge what the volume will be with these companies. It's possible to gauge what the volume will ultimately be, but I think most of these will start relatively slowly both from a regulatory point of view, insurance coverage point of view, doctors being comfortable with it, of course, as you -- I think you all know of cell and gene therapies facts are still only whatever fourteen drugs that have been approved. So, there's a very serious safety profile. We're thrilled to have multiple clients that are either commercial or talking seriously about it or going through these audits. Hopefully that will pick up and of course almost regardless of the volume itself, you're doing the same thing over and over again. So, since the client is now in a commercial mill year, we should get -- they should get more price, we should get more price as well and we should be able to continually refine the process. So, there's only positives about the work moving in new commercial domain.
Jim Foster: Yes. So we're going to stay away from giving in to quarter numbers. So we'll stay away from the July question. Sorry about that. The historical cycles are difficult to compare to because every single one of them is something different is instigating it, overall economic conditions are different and the client base is different, both in terms of modality and scale and funding abilities. So it's tough to say. And I've said for years, I don't think this business is particularly cyclical. But we're seeing a little of it now for sure, with clients favoring the clinic to the -- a bit certainly to the detriment of some of the early discovery work. I don't think much to the detriment of the of the safety work because you're not getting anything into the clinic without that. So again, we feel that it's normalizing right before our eyes. We don't know exactly where it's going to shape out -- end up except it was unusual, it was fun, but it was unusually frothy and sort of instigated by COVID and real concern about running out of space. So I think we'll be in a bit-- in a different place and I hope a better place where that the clients can book somewhat sooner, not necessarily overnight but somewhat sooner, prices hold up for sure cancellations and slippage would be reduced as a percentage of the whole and we would be working much more closely with the clients and having less kind of surprises way down the road with this slippage. So everybody is sort of saying the same thing. The really big guys are saying, look we have budgets and we can't blow them and the little guys are saying, we're -- things are looking up, but we need to be a little more cautious until things improve. So depending on how you feel about the next year or two, I think most people think that we'll see an improved economy that should strengthen the demand and it should shake out into a more favorable place.
Jim Foster: I mean it's tough for us to say since we don't do work there. So it's a bit anecdotal. I think some clients that are extremely price sensitive to the Western clients will go to China. I think the preponderance of the work that is done in China is for -- is by Chinese CROs for Chinese biotech or pharma companies where it's essentially required by law. So we see a little bit of that in conversations with our prospective clients, but not very much.
Jim Foster: I probably can't cut too deep into that, but we have other geographies that for sure from a both regulatory and permitting point of view and communication point of view and a support point of view are quite comfortable with the way we're operating given the multiplicity of sources than HP, so it's sort of a different approach. We certainly hope that we get back to a similar relationship with the U.S. obviously we have that with non-Cambodian animals and we think in time to continued conversations that will get to the point that we'll have multiple sources of supply from multiple locations. So it's sort of an interesting inflection point right now where we're getting -- the good news is we're getting our work done for our clients without delays that we're doing our quality basis, we're using our infrastructure well, we're using it flexible way, we're getting significant amount of price and we're using the animals that we have contracted for. And we're happy and somewhat proud of our ability to pivot in the midst sort of a complex situations, but I do think overtime it will continue to ameliorate and improve on a worldwide basis. That's certainly our goal.
Jim Foster: Yes. I mean it depends on the competitor. It depends on what sort of work we're getting on. I think that periodically there's some more aggressive pricing, certainly as I said earlier, there is from the Chinese competitors and there always is from some of our smaller competitors. Sometimes we play, we participate and sometimes the price points that they have set up are at or below our cost and we're not going to play and we're trying to. We try to maximize the return. We have a lot of long term contracts with some of our bigger clients which has some price protection in it. And probably periodically where we do see prices as well, so we'll do what we can to be responsive to different types of clients, many of whom have been concerned about availability of capital.
Jim Foster: Yes. The RMS business is particularly strong [indiscernible] it was particularly strong in the second quarter in large measure because of NHP sales in China, service, significant service revenue particularly on the CRAFL and small animals in the U.S. and Europe. So, while there may be less animals acquired for discovery, those animals are obviously used widely in pharmacology and in regulated and non-regulated talks. So I think, I think it will be the minimus and you're not going to get drugs in the clinic next year or the year after or five years from now if the discovery work doesn't start up in a significant way again. So these sort of emphasis on one place or another has to be short lived in terms of the development of pipeline. So, we continue to sell our research models literally to everybody in the world. Business fields between -- quite strong right now we've -- we always have and will and do get price. And we have a much broader portfolio and geographic footprint from the competition. So, while it might be a little bit slow on discovery side, it will continue to improve.
Flavia Pease: And an average, just to your first question about the DSA impact. We're not going to quantify it precisely, I'm just going to say that it was meaningfully below the previous 2% to 4% range that we provided. We're going to see a little bit of that in Q3 just as we operationalize those the logistics of redistributing work across our geographic footprint. So it should be a small modest impact in Q3 and nothing in Q4. And just one additional comment with regards to the backlog, in addition to everything that Jim just said, I think we pointed out that gross bookings were above one items of the book-to-bill in the quarter. So I think it's really, to Jim's point, canceling of work that was placed when the market was very frothy and the reversed to the mean as you pointed out.
Flavia Pease: I -- there's other things there. There's price that is different year-over-year. So I wouldn't necessarily draw that direct conclusion, but growth bookings are going to be supporting continued healthy growth with DSA. That's how we should think about it.
Flavia Pease: The only caveat on -- has that I was include is -- over obviously the last couple of years, inflation has been unusually high and as Jim pointed out, given the complexity of the work that we perform, we are able to pass inflationary pressures to our clients and as that modulates and normalizes that level of past will also adjust. So that's the only thing to keep in mind.
Flavia Pease: Good morning, Dave. I mean, I said above one, I want once [indiscernible] benefited as precision, but certainly above one.
Flavia Pease: Different types of work as well, right? The more complex work, there's less competition and a little bit more -- less resiliency.
Flavia Pease: Yes. I think as Jim has said, we'll provide additional clarity to 2024 in our longer-term outlook in our Investor Day on September 21. But I think just in terms of the normalization of any impact of NHP supply, as we said, there shouldn't be anything in Q4 for 2024. So from that perspective, it should be [indiscernible].
Flavia Pease: Yes. So I think between Jim and I, we addressed this in the prepared remarks. There's a few items impacting the second half and in particular, DSA. There is a little bit of NHP supply impact in the third quarter. Just as we finalize the rescheduling of the work across our international footprint. There's also a comp. If you will have the last year, DSA was incredibly strong in the second half. So we have those costs impacting it there. I think as we got it to a mid-single digit in the first half of the SA being about 15%, 17%, you will see a second half deceleration of that growth rate. 
James Foster: That would be nice, and I'm not sure that that's happening, but it's very complex. It's expensive, it's a necessity. Drugs don't get into the clinic unless you can prove that you cleared any sort of human viruses that might be in the mix. We've seen it historically done earlier in the process. And so it's just simply – it's a little bit comparable to safety studies and specialized safety studies that are way more expensive and clients wait until they're in Phase 2 or Phase 3 before they spend the money on that. So it's not that unusual. It's a very smart thing to do and you don't want to expend the money on a drug that's not going to get to the client, which could happen if you do it prematurely. It's difficult to extrapolate as to whether there's any sort of bolus at all. So I wouldn't want to take a guess at that. I think that for sure, people are sort of whittling down their pipeline; it doesn't mean that they're necessarily selling or canceling programs. It just means that they're shelving them. So that could heat up again and that could bolus of all work across multiple work streams.
James Foster: If it's a right or wrong way. You've got more work in backlog, which necessitate which brings with it more slippage and cancellation. So it's -- to some extent, its math. But as it's elongated, I think it's exacerbated and increased it. So it's not particularly comparable to other things that we've seen historically which is fine. This sort of demand curve and competitive scenario, complexity mortalities continues to morph and change all the time. But we're definitely normalizing the situation, which I think will be normalized the situation, and we still have 13 months of backlog. I think it will be a better paradigm to predict the next quarter and to come up with our operating plan for 2024 when we do that.
James Foster: Discovery work in discovery comes in very rapidly and goes out very rapidly, Sipho [ph]. The demand curve can turn on a dime as our client smaller and some midsized clients get more comfortable with their access to capital. There's lots of tea leaves to reap there, right, it's follow-ons and IPOs and money coming in from big pharma and DCs, et cetera, which appears to be strengthening. At what point the clients are comfortable enough to prosecute a larger cadre of drugs is somewhat unclear, but it seems to be moving in the right direction. So we felt for a long time with the client base. It's been extremely well financed. And I wouldn't say they're poorly financed right now, I'd just say that there has been mounting concern about the weather access to capital would continue or not. So given that the tea leaves look positive, we would think that at some point, they would be more comfortable with that. But right now, there's definitely an enhanced focus on the clinic. That makes a lot of sense. It's not a huge surprise but they have to get back to basic discovery sooner than later.
James Foster: Sure. We've got three centers of excellence in that business now, which is a change from the companies that we bought. So one company doing gene-modified cell therapy manufacturing, another one doing viral vector manufacturing and another one doing plasmids. We've spoken previously, we have enhanced change and we upgraded pretty much staffing across the board from sales for regulatory folks to our general managers. We definitely have improving books of business in all three of those locales subject to the caveat they all have a slightly different time frame to generate new business. As we said a moment ago, we do have a few clients that we're talking to about moving into a commercial domain in the cell therapy manufacturing business. So it takes some time for a world to actually acknowledge and that we're in this business that we do it seriously, what our products and services are and how they can contrast that with others that they could do the work with. So we had a rough year last year, for sure, just kind of retooling these businesses. They feel like they're a much stronger place right now. Clients seem much happier. We've got some regulators in. And so we're confident that we're going to have higher growth rates this year and meaningful improvement over the past year or last year. And we anticipate that, that will continue. We had great hopes for these businesses, both in terms of top line growth, significant top line growth that would be accretive to both manufacturing for sure and the company as a whole and that the margins would improve as the scale improved, which we still believe.
James Foster: Yes, again, a bit tough to say, but we probably have six to nine month backlog depending on the type of tax work of specialty for general and depending on the client and the locale, they got much longer than that. Historically, never got more than, I would say, nine months. So the kind of pre-COVID was as it was in a good place. And we have more price lately than we used to in those days. So the hope would be that we get back to a reasonably attractive run rate that both allows us to take share and continue to gain our price and continue to be paid for the complexity of our work and utilize our capacity. So I'm pretty comfortable with the capacity situation, both staff and space for us and the industry and for us, particularly since we're the largest player. I think that plays very well to this continuing to be a financially beneficial business with hopefully improving operating margins over time.
James Foster: So not going to break down the growth rate on the individual pieces on a quarterly basis. But that business continues to have terrific technology, IP that's quite advanced, a broader portfolio than any of the competitors that's using a classic capabilities and our cartridges and now coming [indiscernible] common version of that cartridge using less and less crude out of the [indiscernible] and continued more automation and the utilization of digitization. So that business, which is extremely profitable, we do think has the propensity to be more profitable and certainly grow at historical rates. So – and also has a sort of increasing connectivity with our Biologics business and our cell and gene therapy business. So it was a little more of a – it's always been an attractive business. It's a little bit of an outlier years ago, and it feels much more central to the portfolio than it has historically. So we remain very positive about the current and future prospects of that business
James Foster: Yes. The client base has been and continues to be very surprising. So we thought it would be all tiny biotech companies that we're watching that cash or didn't want to commit to large amounts of space in places like Kendall Square and Cambridge or South San Francisco. And we have a bunch of those. We have a surprising number of really midsized companies and big pharma companies, which is a surprise because even they either run out of space or don't want to build new space and have a hot new drug that they want to work on. And so we love that. So we have some very big pharma footprints in many of these geographic locales. So it's a business that is even more attractive than we originally thought. It has very high growth rates, very high margins. You would be very impressed with the client base at each site. Some of the sites get full before we open them. People go through them and they kind of commit to them. As we said previously, I think the huge opportunity here is the preponderance of the work we do now is often supplying the animals and taking care of them while people do basic research. And that's a perfectly good business, by the way. I think over time, we'll supply the animals, take care of them and participate with the client in running the study or do the entire study for them. And whether or not we do that, this is definitely a business that is currently and will continue to feed other parts of our portfolio, particularly discovery and eventually safety if the drug looks promising. So high-growth, high-margin business, if you looked at it on a see-through basis, it's even higher growth and higher margin. I also think -- I don't mean to be a wise guy with his comment that it's relatively recession-proof -- probably the most recession-proof thing that we do because it's companies large and small, totally depending on our proximity and infrastructure to do their basic research. So we love this business. You saw in the prepared remarks, we have a lot of sites now and a significant amount of square footage. The acquisition that we did last year is doing extremely well to a smart thing for us to do and we love the geographic footprint
James Foster: So not going to call that time. I mean the large models at every quarter. And the numbers of animals is a little bit difficult to predict as at the price points, but it’s definitely was beneficial to the RMS top line growth rate and margin for the quarter. It continues to be a very attractive market for us. It was adversely impact a little bit over the last couple of years with some of the COVID lockdowns. But we have several new facilities. We're trying to cover the whole country. Competition continues to be local. We're getting a decent price and we like both the growth rates and the margin. We're also beginning to see significant improvement in the service businesses in China as we're seeing in the U.S., in Europe. So it's a marketplace, as we've said many times, it's reminiscent or the U.S. and Europe or maybe 20 or 25 years ago. So we would anticipate additional continued high growth. And we continue to be surprised by the lack of sort of the global players still not getting into China. So we're sort of on our own as a non-Chinese entity.
