Jim Foster: The business that we have had for quite some time, Ross, I would say certainly couple of decades anyway. It's been historically largely government and academic. But I'd say the last decade has been more biotech and pharma. It's an international business, so we manage these vivarium all over the world. It's a very efficient way for the clients to utilize us particularly those who have head-count limitations or lack of expertise.  To be frank, as you probably heard us say a few years ago, we're somewhat surprised that this business hasn't grown faster and isn't larger given the dramatic outsourcing trend. And I don't want to get out over my skis but we still would anticipate that it would follow similarly as the expertise is requested and demanded externally.  But it's happening slowly but its happening and it's picked up as of the last few years. This big contract that we just got is obviously particularly meaningful. It's one of the biggest institutes of the NIH. And it's a large cadre of employees that we're taking over from veterinarians all the way to entry-level employees. It's really pretty powerful stuff. So in terms of additional government work, it's obviously helpful when we have some and we do really good work for one agency vis-a-vis others. We have conversations with every client. Certainly, all the big ones, Big Pharma and mid-to large size biotech about the ability and desire for us to do this sort of work for them.  And their receptivity is all over the place. But it's a business that we're definitely seeing accelerate. One we know that we can make a difference for our clients. One that's utilization of our expertise in a really meaningful way. So worth watching. Again, I do want to overstate it but this is a big contract. 
Jim Foster: We feel very strongly that we are making the right investments for our clients and our employees and for the company. So we are investing heavily in staff and capacity. We did make our wage adjustments which is just sort of a – essentially a one-time catch up. But a really important one in terms of enhancing our recruitment efforts. We continue to work aggressively on efficiency across all of our businesses and will continue to do so. The Discovery business is improving nicely but it's still a drag. The WIL businesses, little bit of a drag, Biologics we've definitely called out as a drag but with very clear reasons for it. So we're certainly not going to talk about 2019 but we are organized always to drive margin in this business. It's a combination of additional business, the mix of business, how much price we get, how well capacity is utilized and how much share we are able to take with respect to de novo work and/or work from the competition.  We feel really good about the strength of this franchise. We feel really good about the strength of the demand pretty much across all of our businesses on a world-wide basis. And we don't see any logical reason why that demand should dissipate anytime soon, it certainly gives us confidence in the balance of the year. I suspect it will give us confidence when we talk to you about 2019.
Jim Foster: Yes. So, on the study mix, as we said the last two quarters, sort of impossible to design the study mix, it comes as it comes and profitability is essentially comparable between long and short-term studies. So we had long-term studies nuanced at the beginning of the year as you recall, which added to the cost. That has continued to sort of moderate out through the year and will continue to do so. And it was kind of an unusual quarter. It's kind of always – you always have whatever study mix comes through the door and it's the first time, I think, we've ever had to comment on it. So what we're most pleased with is that we are essentially extremely well utilized in our capacity throughout the entire world, we still have enough to take on enough business for the growth rates we've talked to you about today. Of course, MPI had a significant amount of capacity, which we hope to use as soon as the work comes in. So we feel that we're in really good symmetry with capacity and demand. You know we're not going to talk specifically about pricing except that I would say that you obviously get the benefit of mix if and as specialty work is nuanced or strong. You'll recall that our specialty work is more significant than anybody else's in the industry and we actually picked up some specialty capabilities with both of these acquisitions so you should presume that the specialty business is strong. You should also presume that anybody that calls us doesn't have a long-term agreement. If there was some sort of pricing escalation limit, we're going to try to get price and you should assume there's some price playing through these numbers. In terms of capacity, I would say that we're looking carefully across the world. We will continue to add space at multiple sites because proximity is important, because some sites we're out of space, because some sites we want to turn on space that was available, but it's being used. And we feel very good about the scope and span of our geographic footprint just in terms of really being able to be responsive to our clients. We have a lot of clients who want to come and visit. We have a lot of clients who just sleep better knowing the work is being done closely and maybe somebody can speak to them in their own language and they can get billed on their own currency. And if there's a problem or an opportunity, they can go and dialogue with their study director. So we think that the geographic footprint of the portfolio continues to be a strategic advantage for us.
Jim Foster: Okay. You asked about mature markets, yes. So I don't want you to get overly focused on that except to say that if you step back, we're extremely pleased with the organic growth rate of RMS. It's a low single-digit grower and I'd say this is better than low. We'll take it a quarter at a time. All of the products and pieces are performing well. So you have the drag of the MPI business going intercompany. Notwithstanding that, China rocks IS and GEMS do extremely well and the mature markets did better. And as we said in our prepared remarks, that business does generate more researches being done by our clients, both large and small. So that's a pure-play growth in that business with some mix and some pricing playing through. So we feel really good about the RMS quarter. It's the best quarter we've had in a long time. We obviously feel wonderful about the added benefit of having NIAID contract on top of that. You have to adjust your thinking a little bit about the impact to the margins. Having said that, we will continue to work hard to drive efficiency in that business, use better IT solutions in that business, better inventory management in that business and also to take share in that business. We don't have a 100% share. So some share growth opportunity particularly in the academic marketplace, so I think RMS is in a very good place, right now.
Jim Foster: Okay. So seasonality is a little bit of a moving target for us and so the research model business has always and historically been seasonal. So we've got third quarter and fourth quarter pressure. The Biologics business tends to start slow and accelerate during the year. And safety tends to accelerate stronger in the back half of the year, but more pronounced these days than before. So the seasonality is a bit hard to predict and I would say is improving. In other words, the business is remaining stronger except for RMS, which is people are not going to buy animals but they can use during holidays. Having said that, we've had last few years with even RMS isn't strong in the fourth quarter because they're getting ready to do studies and they get back from vacation or they don't take vacation. I fundamentally disagree with the use of the word cyclicality in our business. I just don't think it's cyclical anymore. I don't think it was historically. You've had a fundamental shift in a very structured pharmaceutical industry so they do less work internally and the work is coming outside to folks like us and the money is coming outside to support biotech companies. And then you just have an enormous additional cadre of biotech companies, most of whom are virtual and have no internal capability with science that's working. So whether that's immuno-oncology or gene therapy where there's been directionally 1,000 INDs being filed and monoclonal antibodies continuing in the first RNAi drug getting to market. It's just a different marketplace. So clients are externally focused and spending more money in discovery and they have more tools at their disposal. So we don't worry about the cyclicality. And the last part of your question is an interesting one, and by the way, I think the good news about our business that somebody's probably going to ask, so I'll just say it is that we don't look at a lot of external issues that would keep us up at night. It's all about our own execution and having enough people well trained to do the work and advance it when the work gets to us, not sitting around with nothing to do, but coming online as we need to work slightly ahead of it. And the same thing with space so if we wait until we get an order and hire the people and make the space were ready, we're too late. So I think we've been doing that really well for the last, I don't know six plus years. I think we will continue to do that well. It does certainly obviously look like the demand is accelerating. The scale and scope of our infrastructure and the amount of empty space that we have, for instance, the places like Massachusetts and Reno and MPI to just finish that internally and to add small amounts of space at our other sites is – while it will cause us directionally to spend more capital, we're doing that to grow the business and I think that's exactly we're doing it. And it's embedded – or not embedded in your question is it's sort of concern about going back to 2009 when we have built too much space in the economy blew up. Even if something bizarre and unimaginable as the economy blowing up would have happened, let's say today, except for MPI, we don't have excess space. We don't have people sitting around. And I think the worst thing that could happen to this company I don't think is going to happen. And the worst thing that would happen is our growth rate would slow, our margins would hold and I think pricing would hold. So we don’t see a lot of storm clouds, but there is, for sure, there's a balancing test between opening that space and adding people too slowly and doing that too quickly. We have to accommodate the demand, which has increased and we think we'll continue to be strong. I hope that's helpful.
Jim Foster: Yes, so China is a very high-growth business. I don't want to oversimplify it, but the market is so robust. Competition is so – sort of government infused with kind of a lack of historical scientific prowess that as we build the space and make animals available, we will be able to sell them. I think we have extremely good reputation in China. Really, really good market so we have to accommodate for that. So we opened a new facility in Shanghai at the beginning of this year. We haven't finished that whole facility and we were in the process of doing that. So we had incremental animals available to sell to that market. You recall from last year, Chinese growth rate was a little slower than we would have liked because we were capacity constrained, we're not any longer. So it's growing as quickly as we can build the space. And we don't see any possible slowdown there for – we look at the world in five-year increments in our strategic plan. We certainly think it will continue to grow nicely as long as we accommodate the space. And I would say that parenthetically we have a very strong management team there, so I'm confident in their ability to meet the market demands. If you strip away the IS contract and just figure that IS will continue to grow nicely as another business that we have, the supply quotient is good. It was a little better in the third quarter than we had seen historically in some of our mature markets like the U.S. and Europe. We are getting priced and we'll always get priced. And so you can just – you can plan on that. And as I said earlier, we're quite confident – we also have some mix obviously with very high valued animals like the immunocompromised animals with no immune system. And we're focused very much on getting market share, particularly in the academic sector. So we're not going to get ahead of it. We still have tagged this business as a low single-digit grower for the foreseeable future. We're really thrilled that it grow – sorry, that it grew faster in the third quarter. If you just do the math with the new contract, it's going to grow faster next year. But you have to be thinking about, say, what happens when that anniversaries, what that business fundamentally looked like. So the business where we think we can continue to grow and get price, get mix, hopefully continue to get share. And a lot of its growth depends on how much additional R&D capacity comes out of big pharma because that's not a good thing for us, or conversely, how much more pure discovery basic research is nuanced with the clients. We're obviously seeing an increased focus on basic research and that's helping our business. We are larger than our clients and actually as large as all of our competitors put together. So we will get a disproportionate share of the demand going forward and we do have a bunch of new IT tools and capabilities in this business and we feel really strongly about our ability to deliver a better product and service than our competition.
Jim Foster: Yes, so I'll let David do that in a second. I just want to make sure maybe less for you and more other people who are listening to that question that we bifurcated. So infusion of capital from the capital markets to biotech is really strong. It continues to be strong and it's three to four years of capital there, and we have a plethora of new clients. And I think things are very robust there. So we don’t see any rationale that, that's going to slow down for the long-term foreseeable future. And as long as a science is good, I do think that the capital markets and the pharmaceutical companies will invest in them. And obviously, that's part of our growth rate, the investment in biotech and the fact that biotech is driving our growth significantly. That's different than returns we get from the VC funds in which we invest on, David will talk about that.
Jim Foster: The microbial business, which is the biggest part of that segment, continues to be very strong and I suspect that, that will continue. The big facility that we're moving into in Pennsylvania is a complex move. It requires the hiring of people and a fair amount of cost in setup and validation of assays that we're moving there and we need to do it in a very measured fashion. So I'm not going to comment on 2019 except to say that it's going to be a bit of headwind. Whether how profound that is or not, we'll talk to you about that in February. And I would say that there's nothing incremental to what we saw. It's getting to be a good-sized business with low single – low double-digit demand, very frothy market and it simply requires investment in capacity, one big one and a few small additions in space and people to stay up with the competition who is quite good in this business and to stay up with the market demand. So we feel really good about where we're making those investments and a modest bit of headwind going forward. Next question, please.
Jim Foster: Yes, so I just said a minute ago, we're looking internally. That's – our opportunities and challenges, the good news is they're very much internally based and so it's incumbent upon us to stay ahead of the demand for people and capacity. Capacity is a bit easier. If you have to plan for it, you just have to the cash, which we do, and you have to allocate it. People is more complicated because even entry-level staff here takes often several months to be trained. So you have to find them, you have to keep training them and you have to keep them. And of course, Ricky, as you know, we are recruiting in multiple geographies. And some of them are remote areas where there's less competition for the people, but there's less people. And then if you look in Boston, in Cambridge, there's a lot of people available, but there's a lot of competition, obviously, with biotech and big pharma. So the improvements that we made in our wages was principally directed towards entry-level employees where we were not doing as well as we would have liked or having some challenges there. And simply as a result of improving this in July, we're doing much better. And we're hiring a lot of people and I think doing a very good job – we're hiring more of them together and training them together so they go into the workforce together. And we have a little bit of compression with existing employees, which we had to moderate as well. So it is a rate-limiting factor. It's one that we focus on dramatically. I would say that we are all spending lots of our time on that. It's a great place to be and it's actually a bit easier to get senior scientists than actually was – than entry-level people. So I think that we've improved that and we're getting a lot of senior scientists from big pharma and biotech because I think we've just become a very congenial and scientifically rigorous and interesting to work, particularly given that we worked in 80% of the drugs that were approved last year. So that's more straightforward, I would say. And we've made a lot of progress this year, not just since July but over the year. So I feel very good going into next year and we will continue to check in because every geographic locale is different and we need to make sure that we are at least competitive, if not slightly ahead.
Jim Foster: It hasn't changed much. You've got very short-term studies in tox that are a couple of weeks or 30 days and you have long-term carcinogenicity studies that are a year or two. So I would say that the overall mix hasn't fundamentally changed and is unlikely to because we're so heavily regulated. Most of the discovery work is shorter except for target identification, which can take years. The biologics work comes in really quickly and goes out really quickly. So we haven't had any massive shift in the time frame associated with that. I think the demand pretty much across-the-board has intensified, certainly intensified for the third quarter. As we said, bookings and backlog were quite strong in the third quarter, which should bode well for the fourth quarter. So no fundamental changes in the sort of structural nature of our work.
Jim Foster: Yes. We're in a good place these days and that such a large proportion of our capital is going for growth. So meaningful investments in, I'd say, safety first, some investments in our Research Models business, definitely some investments in our Discovery business. And as we called out, significant investments in Biologics. So – and to a lesser extent, in fourth quarter, but we're always investing in our Microbial business. So the good news is, if we also step back and look at the company right now, very high growth rate in the third quarter, growth rate in every one of our business segments at or above our long-term targets, which necessitates additional capital investment and additional space. Yes, so we're working hard to make sure that we go into next year with sufficient capacity to accommodate the demand.
Jim Foster: No, we are aware of your comments about Novartis so it's hard for me to comment on that specifically. I don't know, I guess have two answers to that. One is remember that we get paid to tell the clients whether the drug looks promising or not or whether it should continue to the development pipeline. So we're often helping make those determinations. So that's something that we've always liked about our business model. And I would say that every drug company obviously has different strengths in different therapeutic area of focuses and different quality of pipeline. I think everybody has been very evaluative about the strength of their pipelines over time. But having said that, the flip side is there are so much more scientifically rigorous and beneficial avenues to go down like gene and cell therapy that I would be surprised if the pipelines don't stay where they are or expand. And also so much of work is being done sometimes literally by biotech for pharma. But if not literally, instead of pharma, which eventually they'll have the deal with these companies or buy them so, so much of the R&D effort in the pipeline is nuanced towards biotech. And as you know, we have more of our revenue with biotech than pharma. So not feeling that, hearing that or are seeing that with our clients or our overall demand.
Jim Foster: It’s about time somebody asked that question. Thanks for that. I would say that – so I just want to reiterate the fact that we have – we planned a $50 billion market that's growing at 5% to 6% a year. So we feel that market is more than sufficient to provide a very long runway for us to do M&A in that space. So you shouldn't expect us to take any dramatic detours or they get into adjacencies and that's sounds good, but it's really risky if it's an area that you don't understand. So in the businesses in which we are currently in with some modest modification while Distributed Bio, which we talked about, isn't an M&A deal, it's a really powerful adjacency providing capabilities to do better large molecule discovery target identification, which our clients have really been wanting. So we're going to fill in, in areas like that. We're going to fill in, in our current space. So we actually have M&A opportunities in every segment of our business right now. It doesn't mean any of them happen, as you know. We have conversations going on with multiple potential sellers, businesses that absolutely will be for sale. Not necessarily to us but many of them are private equity owned, a few of them are privately owned. We feel that we are well financed, that our leverage is way below 3x. Our promise to ourselves, to our board and to our shareholder base was twofold, one that we would take the time to properly digest NPI. And while we don't think digestion is full – fully accomplished at, that acquisition and integration is going extremely well. I was just there this week – last week and it's really going well from a client point of view and an employee point of view and a cost synergy point of view and an operating margin point of view. So going extremely well but we sort of feel like we have the financial capability, operational strength, integration capability and a significant number of targets specifically in our current space that it will make us not just a bigger company, but a better solution for our clients. So we obviously never put M&A in our guidance or even into our strategic plan because you can't be assured that you'll get it done, but we know the deals that we would like to do with some level of specificity and we will be working on them. It's always the best use of our capital. We'll continue to pay down our debt. We've suspended buying back stock where we have no other – more thoughtful way to spend our capital and to grow the business, which we talked about strategically growing a business. I don't know how else to do that besides M&A and some organic investment. We talked about our San Francisco expansion and our Agilux deal and we hope to do more of that. So stay tuned, but we are doing it methodically and professionally. We won't chase any deals, but the universe of possibilities is pretty robust.
Jim Foster: Hard to nuance how much is pure market growth except to say that it's probably slightly more of that than share gain, maybe significantly more. You just have so many new companies, right. So they didn't exist nor did their work exist last year or two years ago when they had the need for buying our discovery or toxicology services. So there's a lot of them. Our relationships with venture capital firms, whether we're a limited partner or not, have been very helpful in us securing a lot of that business. So I think we're getting share. We're not necessarily taking it from a competitor, it's work that's currently available. I think we are consistently taking share from our competition when we have a head-to-head opportunity to win business that we didn't or where we're trying to protect business that we do have, I think that's going quite well. We're going to see a lot more work come outside of big pharma. We have several conversations going on now to re-up in our launch deals, but also companies that are saying to us we are considering closing our space, we just want to make sure you have enough capacity to accommodate us. There are a fair number of conversations about that. So the demand is as good as we have probably ever seen it, but certainly as good as we've seen it in the last decade. And since we're the largest player and has such a broad geographic footprint, we have an opportunity not to look at everything, but to look at the vast majority of work that either is new or there's an RFP out to go after it. So I don't see any reason why that should not continue.
David Smith: Yes. And just to make sure people will understand some of the math. I mean, while we don't call out the margins on any individual customer, what we have called out on the NIAID contract given how large it is we've given you the revenue for the five year contract, we've given you the revenue per annum and we've also told you that the pressure on the RMS margin is 50 basis points of people.
David Smith: Yes, so a couple of things on VC. So just to talk about what's taking place in Q3, Q4 and then we'll turn to your specific question around guidance. So in the an instant gain in Q3, we had one fund, which had a clinical trials issue, and therefore, the known loss, which is unlikely to recover in the short-term. And then when we did our mark-to-market calculation, which we gave at the end of last week, when you put the two events together, that's brought to me about a $0.10 loss for Q4. Now clearly, the markets could change, that could get up or down. But in broad ways of looking at this, the $0.08 gain in Q3 is somewhat offset by the changes in Q4. So in a way, they neutralize each other out. And that's the way we're kind of looking at the business. We're looking at our core performance we've been calling out. Even in this quarterly results, we've been calling out what our underlying performance has been if you exclude the VC. Going forward, and we've been talking about this since February, for next year, we will take the VCs out of our guidance, but our current intent is to report the loss' actual numbers. But again, we would make sure that when we're talking to our numbers, we would talk about what our core business performance looks like, i.e., we would rip out the VC gains and losses from our results, so that we could compare that to the guidance that we're giving.
David Smith: And when we were in New York on our Investor Day, we gave some signals for CapEx for 2019. We said it'd be sort of mid to high single-digits as a percentage of revenue. So what you're seeing in Q4 is a little bit of that stepping up to service that growth in demand that Jim has just mentioned as we scale into 2019.
David Smith: Yes, and again, in New York, we also shared a little bit of insight into the tax rate for the feature, which we said our normalized tax rate should be about the mid-20s. So what you're seeing for Q4 is we're heading up to that sort of mid-20 range. The reason that you're seeing a stepping up in Q4 over the previous quarters is really to do with the way the stock compensation benefit's gait throughout the year. We get more of a benefit at the beginning of the year than we do in the end of the year. So yes, you're seeing in Q4 a sort of an entry point into where the sort of normalized level should be for Charles River, which is mid-20s.
David Smith: The only other item over what you just called out was, as Jim mentioned, still a bit of a drag in Biologics as we go through, setting up the double running of that Pennsylvania site. But other than that, you've called out the main drags that we've already shared in The Street either in the Investor Day or today.
