Spencer Kirk: Good afternoon everyone. During the fourth quarter we saw same-store revenue increase 6.6% and NOI increase 8.9%, occupancy ended the year at 89.2%. 2013 was an outstanding year for Extra Space. We saw a record high occupancies, lower discounts and excellent expense control which combined to drive a 10% NOI increase for the year. This was our second straight year of 10% NOI growth. At the end of the fourth quarter Karl Haas retired as our Chief Operating Officer. Karl will continue to consult with the Company through the end of the first quarter at which time we expect him to join our Board. We’re excited to have Karl’s successor Samrat Sondhi take over field operations. Many of you have met Samrat and know that he is the right man for the job. Samrat has been with the Company for almost a decade and his successes include architecting our revenue management system and leading our field operations in Chicago, New York and Los Angeles. Extra Space is positioned to have a strong 2014. We see continued organic growth and a favorable environment for acquisitions. This is evidenced by the 304 million either purchased or under contract so far this year. Fundamentals remain strong and there continues to be limited new supply. That has become even more evident that smaller operators are struggling to keep up with more sophisticated operators online, especially when it comes to acquiring customers through mobile devices. We’re capitalizing on these market conditions by remaining focused on the fundamentals of our business. We continue to innovate and to push ourselves. In short, we’re striving to be the best at getting better. I’d now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Scott. We are coming off two years of superior results, and are heading into what we see to be a great year. Our forecasted double-digit FFO growth is quite remarkable. The fact that a real-estate Company is able to produce this level of earnings growth is definitely noteworthy. We expect storage to be amongst the best performing sectors in the REIT land in 2014. Let me reiterate that our focus for 2014 is the operational excellence of this Company. We’re making long-term investments that will continue to give Extra Space the technological advantage to produce best-in-class results. I’ll now turn the time over to Clint to start the Q&A session.
Spencer Kirk: Yes a couple of things Christy, a couple of things to consider here. One is, we had a considerable amount of cash at the end of the year, obviously that went towards buying the Virginia portfolio and that was raised by issuing equity in November. So, part of that share count is already in our year-end number. In addition to that, our annual share count for 2014 assumes a slight increase of call it $50 million, there could be potentially some OP or some additional equity. So the remainder should be funded with debt and it shouldn’t increase our leverage significantly because if you think about our properties increasing, obviously that naturally de-levers this, so we feel like we should be able to do it on a fairly leveraged neutral basis.
Spencer Kirk: I think from a seller’s perspective they are seeing fairly attractive cap rates, from a buyer’s perspective in theory our cost of capital ticked up over the last 60 or 90 days with interest rates going up. So, it will be interesting to see what happens this year while buyer’s expectations are going to be such that they expect to pay less and sellers are still thinking about last year’s cap rates. We’re still…
Spencer Kirk: Yes, the 99 properties effectively consist of 90 assets that were purchased in 2012 and then all but one of our development assets, so they actually add about 50 basis points if you look at the change in same-store pool for the year.
Spencer Kirk: Todd, it is Spencer. The quality is decent, to maybe add a little more color, pricing is the factor driving this. I think there is a growing awareness that it’s becoming more difficult to compete in the world of acquiring customers online particularly as more and more customers migrate to mobile devices. And for us we are going to remain disciplined, we are going to do accretive deals. It’s interesting to note that of the acquisitions that we did last year, the majority were kind of off market deals where we maximized our relationships and tried to do deals that were in the best interest of this Company. And so the strategy for 2014, Todd, is the same as last year. We are going to participate in the open market. We are going to participate in the off-market and I think we are going to have a good year that produces decent result for our shareholders.
Spencer Kirk: The best information that we have right now, that’s out there is in our supplementals. So I would point you to those it breaks it down by year and so you can see the most recent three months NOI and annualize that and take a yield on cost or take the last 12 months NOI. And then take a look at the growth rate I mean clearly they are continuing to finalize the lease up and stabilize.
Spencer Kirk: I think development is coming, Todd. I think that there is still somewhat of scarcity of land. I think land is still pretty expensive so it’s difficult to see things pencil. We have developments brought it us all the time by potential joint venture partners, so we see a lot of that and it’s still pretty difficult. As we look at developments when we used to develop and we’re active developers, we wanted to get 300 basis points over what things are trading for. So if it trades for 6.5, we would want to develop to 9.5. We’re not in the development business right now, so it’s difficult to speak to what we would do today.
Spencer Kirk: 36 to 48 months is pretty typical. I mean what we’re seeing today with the lack of new supply is things are leasing up at the low-end of that. We’re seeing things lease up in 24 months. We had one that opened in California that leased up very quickly, within a couple of years. But obviously things are cyclical and things are really good right now. Two years from now when things are coming out of the ground, you could see a lot of new supply which obviously is going to affect the lease up of those properties.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, you had Sandy hit in the fall of 2012, so you had elevated expenses in that time period. I mean, tenant insurance has been great for the Company but when you have an event such as that, obviously there’s a cost to having that insurance business.
Spencer Kirk: What I can tell you about the guidance Ki Bin, is we have done our best job to accurately and appropriately forecast what we think we can do in 2014. We have been working to maintain occupancy even at the low point of seasonality and we’ve done a great job of that and I think we’re well positioned as we come into the busy season to push street rates and to drive the optimal result. But six weeks into the year it’s a little early to prognosticate of what the rest of the year’s going to look like and we stand by our guidance. We think it’s accurate. We think it’s appropriate.
Spencer Kirk: 100 basis points, it’s called 100 to 200, earlier in the year it’s closer to 200, ending the year, closer to an average of 100 basis points.
Spencer Kirk: Absolutely, we’re out in the open market. I can’t say that we bid on everything that they bid on. What we have done as I mentioned just a few moments ago is about two-thirds of what we actually closed on Ki Bin, came out of the existing relationship and they were not marketed deals. And I think every REIT storage REIT is going to participate in the broadly marketed deals to their best of their ability to underwrite or express an interest. And I think there will be for all of us some relationships that are unique, where we capitalize on something that existed that tilts it in our favor. So we’ll have to see how it plays out. But yes, there is a lot of competition for the broadly marketed assets and we’re all trying to maximize our relationships.
Spencer Kirk: Sometimes we’re the high bidders, sometimes we’re in the middle of a pack, sometimes we’re low and I could say the same thing for any of the other three storage REITS. It’s really interesting. I don’t think anyone of us is consistently getting the deal. It seems to be passed around and it depends on the operational footprint and the assumptions and the underwriting.
Spencer Kirk: So you have headed exactly right Ross. We kept things flat, maybe slightly down. We knew we were coming into that slow season we wanted to preserve occupancy and I think that positions us very well coming into the busy season to be able to push rates.
Spencer Kirk: Yes Ross I mean Washington DC for instance has had two to three years of phenomenal growth. We would interpret it as somewhat as taking a breather both New York City as well as Washington DC you have had two to three years of being at the top of the portfolio list and now at some point maybe to move down and take a breather.
Spencer Kirk: I would tell you it is tough comps. We have not seen supply effect us that much even where we have had sites open right next door. Yes one other thing Ross, you are also looking at the impact of super storm Sandy in 2012 and that needs to be factored in.
Spencer Kirk: We would tell you the 500 million is what we feel comfortable we can do. If you look at the timeframe it takes to close some of the deals. I mean for instance the 200 million that we closed in January we had under contract for several months before that it just takes 50 to 90 days to close a portfolio, right now we don’t have any major portfolios, it’s more one-off deals that we’re looking at.
Spencer Kirk: We’re seeing our snow removal cost coming over budget obviously in the Northeast and then -- they are over our budgets and they are also significantly over last year. But they are all factored into our guidance.
Spencer Kirk: Yes on the revenue side, you got 100 to 200 basis points in occupancy, you have got maybe 50 basis points in discounts and then the reality is the rest is going to need to come from street rates primarily. I mean street rates are going to be a big driver of growth this year. On the expense side about two-thirds of our expenses come from either payroll or property taxes, payroll is growing at slightly over 3% with our healthcare cost going up slightly as we move towards the Affordable Care Act and have more participation on our healthcare plan. And then in addition our property taxes are going up over 4% which account for about a third of it.
Spencer Kirk: So, the REIT development of our assets Mike is only directed at keeping our product development in the market. And you can have a 30 year old asset that’s very well located on the corner of main and main, but if it looks tired and frumpy it’s probably not going to be as competitive in the coming decade as some new supply comes online, so we simply said, we’re investing for relevancy we’re going to spruce up properties we’re going to put in new offices, make it more retail oriented, may add some plan to control in certain markets and in general make sure that our property is geared for what the customer is asking for. Some of the returns on this are easily quantified, others are more qualitative. And for us we think that looking at a dozen or two dozen properties in 2014 for redevelopment and keeping them fresh and appropriate for the market, that is coming as some supply emerges over the next four or five-six years is the right thing to do and it’s going to be an ongoing program, it’s not a one-time event, you’ll see us continue to look at our portfolio and in the best markets. And really what I’m saying here is, looking at rent per square foot we’re more likely to invest in those markets first and then let it trickle down as the years roll by into the secondary markets.
Spencer Kirk: Depending a little bit on how quickly we can get things ramped up. We would say $25 million to $40 million.
Spencer Kirk: Yes the only color I’d add to that Todd, because I’ve been involved in a number of discussions, when you go meet with a seller, what you want to do is be flexible and be able to offer up something that will cause them to want to sell, and it might be cash, it might be cash in stock, it might be a common OP unit, it might be a preferred OP unit. What we’re doing is using number of arrows out of the quiver to hopefully hit the sweet spot, the bulls eye and be able to transact in the fashion that accommodates the seller’s need while making sure that it’s an accretive profitable transaction of Extra Space and it’s been a good thing, it certainly has not hurt us. It’s not going to solve every equation when it comes to the acquisition environment but it’s certainly is something that has proved to be beneficial in getting a few deals done that perhaps might not have gotten done otherwise.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, our assumptions have been pretty consistent over the years. We're primarily a cap rate buyer. When we talk cap rates we talk a year one forward-looking cap rate. We typically will take a look at our properties in the area if we have properties in the area and underwrite them similar to how our properties are performing. We try to be fairly conservative on the growth. We would rather be surprised on the positive side than miss our estimates, obviously. We get tax quotes from a tax consultant and underwrite to a year one cap rate. We obviously will look at an IRR but the difficult thing with an IRR is it assumes an exit cap which depending on what exit cap rate you do you can really change your IRR.
Spencer Kirk: We basically assumed mid-quarter acquisition for the remaining three quarters of the year. So effectively we’ve taken what we have and assumed that it’s going to close between now and the middle of April and then the rest is all mid-quarter assumptions.
Spencer Kirk: Street rate, Tayo, 2014 we’re in a really good position right now, our occupancy has held might even just comment that January was a strong month for us and a good start to 2014. And as we come into the busy season I think we’re in a good position to push street rates and how far we can push them only time will tell. But our predictive third generation revenue management system is in a really good position to show us what we can do in the market given 56 different variables that are feeding into it. And I remain optimistic as I said in my opening remarks that 2014 will be a great year for Extra Space it might not be a superior year but it will be a great year.
Spencer Kirk: Our guidance for the year assumes rate stay relatively flat the first quarter and then increasing the, coming into summer months and into late summer. And then hopefully we maintain those rates through the fall with potentially drooping them moving in the off season again very similar to what we’ve done in the past.
Spencer Kirk: Street rates in the fourth quarter were relatively flat, Ki Bin. We kept our rates relatively flat as part of our strategy to maintain occupancy and hopefully push them going into the busy season this year.
Spencer Kirk: Year-over-year, so if you compare October to October, November to November, and December to December.
Spencer Kirk: No, it actually has about 1% relating to the acquisition cost and then you have about 2.5 million of diffidence in there. So our diffidence is actually in two lines on our income statement partly because of how we handle the diffidence and how for accounting purposes we had to treat that. So in our acquisition costs there’s about $2.5 million of diffidence.
Spencer Kirk: Jeremy, it is Spencer. As you know part of the reason we have done third-party management JV is because ultimately we think they are good acquisition opportunities and historically that has proven to be the case where frequently we get the first and only call when the owner decides to transact. Going forward it is very difficult for us to prognosticate when our partner, our JV partner may want to sell and we are not in a habit of going to our JV partners and saying hey you want to sell it, it's kind of going over to your neighbor and knocking on the door and say hey I'd like to buy your house. It's going to jack up the price and cause an unnatural transaction to take place. And so what we have done is we've tried to be a good partner. We have maximized the results. We know that we'll be in storage in perpetuity and we know that most of our JV partners at some point will be looking for liquidity. And when it's the good time and the appropriate time for them, we'll be ready to transact. So we don’t model anything in and sometimes we end up with a very nice transaction that we possibly could not have forecast and that will continue to be the case. The only thing I can tell you is we have several billion dollars worth of properties held in joint venture relationships and we think we're in a really good position to capitalize when our partner decides to sell.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, we do Jeremy. The short answer is -- in the weaker markets are the more thinly populated markets and I'm talking where we have just a few assets. We look at it, we consider it two things. Number one we need to look at the financing that is on those assets and number two we have to look at the impact on our operations because we may have third-party management contracts in those markets and you don’t want to diminish your economies of scale. So it sounds simple in rebalancing the portfolio and selling in those secondary and tertiary markets which we have a few of. But we take them on case-by-case basis and you've hit the nail on the head, we're building a Company and we're trying to expand our footprint and our reach not contracted.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Jeremy. Alright, it's Spencer. We thank you for your interest in Extra Space today. We appreciate your time and we look forward to next quarter's call. Have a good day.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Spence. Last night we reported FFO of $0.52 per share for the fourth quarter, which includes $0.01 of non-cash interest expense related to our exchangeable notes and $0.04 of acquisition related cost. Adjusted for these items FFO was $0.57 per share for the quarter and $2.12 for the year. We had a very strong quarter for acquisitions. We purchased 50 assets for 310 million. 19 of these properties came from an existing joint venture where we purchased all but 1% of our partner’s interest, which enabled us to avoid loan assumption fees. Once the debt is repaid we will acquire the remaining 1% at a pre-negotiated price. For the year we purchased 78 assets for 586 million. So far in 2014 we have closed on 18 properties for 214 million, 17 of these properties are from a single portfolio in Virginia and the other property is in Texas. As of today, we have an additional 8 properties under contract for 90 million which should all close by the end of April. We continue to have great success in our third-party management program. We ended the year at 250 properties under management, an increase of almost 40% for the year. We have established our full year 2014 FFO guidance to be from $2.32 to $2.41 per share, these estimates include non-cash, cash interest expense and acquisition related costs. When adjusted for these items FFO is estimated to be from $2.38 to $2.47 for the full year. I’ll now turn the time back to Spencer for some additional comments.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, the other thing I would add to that Ki Bin, is we did things pretty similar this year to what we’ve done in the past and that’s bottom’s up budgets. And I think we underestimated the past couple of years the effect of no new supply as well as the effect of the Internet and we’re coming up against some tough comps so clearly we’re not expecting 10 plus percent NOI growth.
Scott Stubbs: I think it depends on the individual the deal we did in January was a non-OP unit deal so it depends on the tax situation somewhat typically if they have a really low basis, they’re much more interested in OP units. To raise the dividend we looked at trying to help people potentially maintain their cash-on-cash yield, we’ve had some success obviously, we have closed a couple of deals and we’ll continue to use OP units but at the same time, we’re probably more focused on making sure that we pay the right price for the assets.
Scott Stubbs: So we have the income and the expense in there. I mean effectively you’re charging a management fee but it gets eliminated in consolidation. So there is no really benefit on the revenue side and no expense on the cost side.
Scott Stubbs: I don’t have that in front of me right now. We would have to put out in a later presentation or information in the market.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, part of the problem remember Paula is we have a change in same-store pool, so to give that it could cost some confusion but we would tell you occupancy held in January.
