Spencer Kirk: Hello, everyone. In the third quarter, we saw steady demand and muted supply. These factors contributed to year-over-year increases in achieved rates and occupancy. As a result, revenue increased 7.2%, NOI grew 9.3%, and occupancy increased 100 basis points. FFO as adjusted increased 26.3%. This is on top of growing 24% the year before. This quarter marks 4 years of consecutive quarterly double-digit FFO growth. The climate for self storage remains favorable and I believe that we will experience double-digit FFO growth for many quarters to come. Despite heightened competition for properties on the open market, we continue to grow our portfolio through accretive acquisitions and expansion of our third-party management platform. The relationships with our partners enable us to negotiate mutually beneficial off-market transactions.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Scott. As a management team, our job is to maximize shareholder value. On August 12, we celebrated our 10-year anniversary as a public company. We are now included in the 10-year total return benchmarks with 106 publicly traded REITs. Since that time, our total return to shareholders has been the highest or second highest of any REIT on the NYSE. It is noteworthy that the total returns of all three storage REITs with a 10-year track record rank in the top 15. It has been a great decade for self storage and I am very pleased with the result we have created for our shareholders. Let’s turn the time over to Jeff to start the Q&A.
Spencer Kirk: And on our prior call, Christy, we talked about that as the management team we have targeted 2% to 3% of our FFO as the target for dilution that we would be willing to accept. Now, that target may move, but with these C of O opportunities that are present in the selves, we have set a target to make sure that we deliver the earnings that the Street is expecting without massive dilution. We have been down that road before.
Spencer Kirk: It is a profitable business, Christy. You hit the key point on the head and that is it becomes a proprietary off-market acquisition pipeline. That’s why we are doing this. Secondarily, obviously we could like management fees to that point depending on where you put a property into the system. If you put a single property into Los Angeles, for instance, that’s a very profitable proposition for us. When you go to places where we don’t have the same kind of density, it’s still profitable, but maybe not the same degree. Tenant insurance obviously works very well and not to be missed with 270 something properties that has provided us a much bigger footprint in the world of digital real estate with Internet searches and dollars that we can allocate to pay-per-click advertising on the Internet. So, the scale is of great benefit. And I think oftentimes that’s overlooked.
Spencer Kirk: We haven’t been heavily focused on that, Ryan, for the reason that we feel like when we are buying certificate of occupancy deals, you are effectively eliminating two of the three risks associated with the property, you are eliminating the construction risk, you are eliminating the entitlement risk and we are taking on the lease up risk, which we feel like is acceptable and is something we are good at, something that we can minimize, but we haven’t necessarily looked at it in terms of cost per square foot.
Spencer Kirk: So from a rent perspective if you look at where our growth is coming from, year-to-date you have had 1.7 come from occupancy. The rest is really coming from rates, those rates then breakdown into increases in street rates, increases to existing customers and increases due to discount savings. So 1.7% comes from occupancy growth, 4.5% comes from increases in street rates. And then the rest is coming through increases to existing customers and decreases in discounts.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, we expect to keep our prices lower in the fourth quarter. So we were quite aggressive in the summer months when we peaked out in occupancy. We expect to be less aggressive in the fall and winter in order to maintain occupancy so that we can push rates again in the summer.
Spencer Kirk: Great question, Todd, I would say on the periphery, my view has changed from the last call. I am still of the opinion that the new supply coming into the market may be keeping pace with the population increase in the country. One of the revelations that has come I hear a lot of noise about new developments coming out of the ground, but one of the revelations for me has been we have multiple parties often times claiming they have got a parcel under a contract and it happens to be the same parcel. So trying to weed through the noise on this has been problematic. I talk to a lot of folks in the industry. Obviously, with the performance of self storage everybody wants to get in but land prices are very high, nothing has changed there. The ability to get financing has not improved appreciably. And at the end of the day Todd, if you are going to compete and pull the value out of that significant investment you are probably going to have line yourself with somebody they can drive the result with the internet. And that means you are probably going to be paying a management fee and giving up some or all of the tenant insurance. So my outlook for 2015, there will be some supply I don’t think it’s going to be massive and I don’t think it’s going to affect our ability to deliver a decent result in 2015 as well.
Spencer Kirk: Not necessarily, I can tell you over the last 4.5 years, we have done $2.06 billion worth of acquisitions, acquisitions tend to be lumpy and I won’t drop or extrapolate the lumpiness of acquisitions and the opportunity of C of O deals into any meaningful trend just yet. I think it’s premature.
Spencer Kirk: By the way my comment Mike was people claiming to have under contract the same parcel which obviously is not possible. So just small semantic detail there, with regards to markets I will tell you there seems to be a huge amount of interest on the greater Metro New York area. I could also say the same for the core markets in Texas. And it comes back to the statement that we have made many, many times. Look I have to look at the micro market, generally a 3 mile ring around the property that is being proposed to ascertain whether you have got parcel that is going to be make sense or perhaps might not make as much sense, lot of markets claim to be over built and you might find a pocket within that market that is unreserved. So that would make a great deal of sense. So this is on a case-by-case basis, but I will tell you, Texas and New York are the two that we are a bit more cautious in our analysis because of the level of interest that has been generated to put new product into those markets.
Spencer Kirk: So, without getting into specifics for exact times, Ki Bin, I would tell you that during the summer months we saw our street rates 7% to 8% up and then also towards the end of the quarter, they were probably more like 2% to 3% up. It’s obviously at a point in time, but I wouldn’t necessarily focus just on street rates. I think that you need to also take into account your discounts being down which they were. We saw them go down into high single-digit decreases. And then in addition to that, you also have to look at the discount being offered on the Internet and what percentages closing at that lower rate too.
Spencer Kirk: It’s actually been a pretty similar philosophy. I think that give or take a month or so here, but I think that we have been pretty consistent in decreasing them in the fall and then keeping them flat in the winter effectively. We do see the benefit from these customers and we have seen our average length of stay increase.
Spencer Kirk: George, it’s Spencer. New customers coming in were over 90% and for existing customers were north of 70%.
Spencer Kirk: I think we are starting to top out. There might be some incremental gains, George, on this, but when you consider that you have people storing automobiles or you have the small contractor with their own property and casualty policy. This is one of those things that I think we have done a really good job and I won’t bake in a lot more at this point.
Spencer Kirk: Okay. Jeremy, it’s Spencer. There are three risks that you take when you try to pull a property out of the ground. One is entitlement risk, the second is construction risk, and the third is lease up risk. So by effectively doing the C of O deal, we have hyped off what I would consider two of the more risky elements of bringing a new property into the market. What I think Extra Space has become really good at is driving traffic to a property. I have confidence in our Internet marketing prowess. I have confidence in our operational team to capture those rentals when they walk through the door. And with that on our national platform, I think it’s a reasonable risk to take and it’s something quite frankly that the small guy can’t compete in that arena and we have a symbiotic relationship or the small developer does what they do best and we do what we do best and we replicate it again and again.
Spencer Kirk: On an earlier call I have talked about keeping dilution of our FFO to 2% to 3% and a JV partner allows us to operate the asset to have a nice take out when they decide to liquidate their position and keep us within the bounds of what we have wanted to do and that has maximized shareholder value by driving the highest and best result on FFO growth quarter in, quarter out.
Spencer Kirk: Ladies and gentlemen, we appreciate your interest in Extra Space. We look forward to next quarter’s call. Have a good day.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Spence. Last night, we reported FFO of $0.72 per share for the third quarter. Excluding cost associated with acquisitions and non-cash interest, FFO as adjusted was also $0.72 per share. $0.01 of our beat was due to better-than-expected property performance, including tenant insurance. The rest of our beat was due to lower income taxes in our taxable REIT subsidiary. Over the last few years, we have researched the tax structure of our TRS, specifically the concept of paying a royalty to the OPREIT for access to its intellectual property. Charging this type of fee is not uncommon in the insurance industry and can be paid to affiliated companies or third-parties. Recent IRS rulings and expert opinions have given us the necessary comfort to adopt this practice. This change provides the tax benefit for the current year and will provide an ongoing benefit in the years to come. During the quarter, we acquired three properties for $26.7 million in Florida, Georgia and Texas. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we acquired two additional properties for $17.5 million located in Colorado and Georgia. We currently have 11 properties under contract for $108.2 million, which should close by the end of the first quarter of 2015. As of today, we have closed or have under contract $493.2 million. In addition to the $493 million, we have 7 other properties that we will acquire upon completion of construction totaling $69.5 million. These properties are under contract and will open in 2015 and 2016. The sites are located in Arizona, California, Massachusetts, North Carolina and Texas. Two of these properties totaling $21.9 million will be purchased by a joint venture of which Extra Space will have a 10% equity interest. We have revised our full year 2014 FFO guidance to be from $2.54 to $2.57 per share. The increase is primarily due to lower income taxes. These estimates include non-cash interest in acquisition-related costs. Adjusting for these items, FFO is estimated to be from $2.58 to $2.61 for the full year. I will now turn the time back to Spencer.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Christy, this is Scott. As far as the total dilution we are targeting right now it’s 2% to 3% of your annual FFO. So, we would like to keep it fairly minimal, but also participate as far as how we underwrite them and what kind of returns we are looking for. It really depends a little bit on the market and the property, but it’s usually anywhere between 150 and 250 basis points over what a stabilized property would go for today.
Scott Stubbs: It’s a little different. We are viewing it more from a taxable REIT subsidiary in the tenant insurance company that we do own as a fee that the company has to pay in order to have access to the intellectual property, the customer base similar to what is being offered to other self storage companies where those tenant insurance companies are paying a similar fee. So I am not sure if that clarifies it or not, Ryan.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, so the tenant insurance process, obviously we have to go through the process of them coming in, seeing if there is a total loss. We then work with the adjusters, they make the claim through Beecher Carlson or management and they handle the claims typically if its total loss it would just be paid out immediately. Those losses we accept some of the risk upfront, so we will have a loss associated with this fire.
Scott Stubbs: One of the reasons why we feel like it’s a good thing for our customers to have insurance either through us or through the homeowners.
Scott Stubbs: That is the guidance for this year, it could potentially get slightly better in the future, we will just update guidance with our annual guidance this year. I would tell you just to look to our guidance for that number.
Scott Stubbs: Solar taxes are coming down, so solar taxes will actually go away by the end of 2016, the benefit from solar tax. This benefit is actually a royalty fee charged between the OPREIT and TRS, so this is something completely different than solar.
Scott Stubbs: So effectively you are charging a royalty between the insurance company and the OPREIT thus reducing income in the insurance company and reducing your tax expense.
Scott Stubbs: I think year-over-year we could potentially see them go another 50 to 100 basis points higher than they did this year.
