Spencer Kirk: Hello, everyone. In our recently released annual report, we told our shareholders that they can expect more from Extra Space. I’m pleased to announce that we delivered on that promise in the first quarter. We reached a record high occupancy of 92.5%, while producing same-store revenue growth 8.3%. Year-over-year, NOI grew 11.4% and FFO as adjusted grew 21%, impressive for what has historically been the slowest time of the year. As of today, we have closed on $277 million in acquisitions and we continue to build our national portfolio. It was an excellent quarter for Extra Space and I'm confident in our position heading into the rental season. I'd now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Scott. We continue to invest heavily in our customer acquisition platform and our mobile strategy. This is driving more higher value customers to our stores. The pervasive use of the smartphone and our ability to reach and capture the mobile user has further shifted the competitive landscape in our favour. We continue building our portfolio through acquisitions and the expansion of our third-party management services. Our balance sheet has never been stronger and we continue to execute on our business plan at a very high level. This is evidenced by our 18th consecutive quarter of double-digit FFO growth. So, I will end the way I started by saying our shareholders can expect more from Extra Space. And with that, I’d like to turn the time back to Jeff to start our Q&A.
Spencer Kirk: No, I continue to maintain that the supply is muted. I personally believe that we are in the hundreds and I think that's going to continue into 2016, George. We are at a fraction of the supply that we saw about 8 or 10 years ago, when I talk to fraction, 20%, 25%, 30% pick a number, but we are at a fraction of that and I think that the muted supply is going to bode well for all storage operators, not only in 2015, but through 2016.
Spencer Kirk: George, the difference is huge. When you spend seven figures on a monthly basis trying to build a brand and an awareness, our philosophy is that there needs to be a consistency of experience from cradle to grave and you can only achieve that to the highest and most optimal level with the single brand strategy. There are many ways to operate storage, we just happen to prefer a single brand strategy, it's huge. 
Spencer Kirk: That's a great question. With 50,000 plus stores in the US, we’d have to break that down into which markets we're talking about, Vikram. And our presence in the market and what that new supply coming at the market, because not all markets are seeing the same surge of supply. There are vastly different starts depending on which municipality you are talking about. So, sorry for the general answer to the specific question, but that would be on a case-by-case basis.
Spencer Kirk: Okay. So let me take a couple of those. Last question first, in-place versus achieved, it's kind of mid-to-high single digits delta. There is a little bit of roll down that depends on the seasonality. Obviously in the slower part of the year it's going to be more and at the peak season is where we're pushing rates. It's going to be less. So we think it's manageable and it has been manageable and we don't think it's a major issue. On the existing customer rate increases, Jeremy, we continue to put out rate increases to about 10% of our existing customers every single month. So that's 65,000 give or take. It's averaging between 9% and 10% and we think it is working well. Then your first question was --
Spencer Kirk: They are higher and our strategy, just to put a little color on that, Jeremy, has been in the slow season to maintain occupancy and we were the beneficiaries of something where not only did we maintain our occupancy, but we grew our occupancy and we also saw some buoyancy in the rates that we've been able to get because of those occupancy levels. That gives us confidence going into this prime rental season. I think you're going to see us in the summer time on the street rates be able to push things as much as high single digits. And during the year hopefully we will end up somewhere around an overall rate increase of about 5%.
Spencer Kirk: Ki Bin, it's Spencer. A couple of things. I think the ascendancy of the mobile device has been something that we foresaw. We invested aggressively and heavily and I think we've been the beneficiary of that early and significant investment. It's a complex world to go after all of the different mobile platforms and devices in ways that people can get to us. And our goal has been, as I said in my opening remarks, to drive more higher value customers to our facilities.  And so to that end, there has been a tremendous effort inside Extra Space to rationalize, harmonize and optimize the call center, revenue management and the interactive marketing departments under one central nervous system so that we can truly produce the highest investor result and I would say it's not one single thing we're doing, it's an execution on a lot of different disparate elements to make sure that we drive as I said, the best value highest value customers to our facilities because every customer is not created equally.
Spencer Kirk: Todd, it's Spencer, we continued to invest in digital real estate. The fact of the matter is, our core business is not being an aggregator and we think aggregation has its role for certain assets and certain markets but since it’s not our core business, we decided to take Storage.com and 15 other domain names, packaged them up and sell them off to a company and my understanding is, they are doing well with those assets and it's their core business and we're focused on what we do best.
Spencer Kirk: It's defined by a lot of things, length of stay would be at the top of the list, and as I've said several times, college kids aren't the highest value customer and why we would spend a lot of money going after them or offering a discount or a promotion defies logic. A customer coming to us in November is likely to have a length of stay that is considerably longer and if you start looking at AUTOPAY, and few of the other things whether they're using a credit card or not, you can pretty well start to figure out that a segmentation of your customer base is probably healthy and will yield a better result than just assuming that the market is one homogenous environment where everybody gets the same discount, they get the same price, they get the same everything. Our goal as I've said many times is to deliver the right customer at the right time with the right concession with appropriate price to maximum the revenue and that's what we've been doing.
Spencer Kirk: Obviously, we are pleased with the result. We also think that there is some more upside, Todd, coming into the peak season. We don’t think that our pricing is going to cause a dip in occupancy. As we forecast what might happen in the coming months, we are optimistic that not only might there be a couple of hundred basis points left in the occupancy hitting the peak, but a little bit of rate. Our goal once again is to maximize revenue, it’s not about rate, it’s not about occupancy, it’s about maximizing revenue. 
Spencer Kirk: All of the above. We are doing outbound efforts, we do take a lot of inbound calls. I think most sellers know that – and all of the rates is a really good place to start because they have got the cost of capital advantage that Scott alluded to earlier. Our management platform continues to be a strategic acquisition pipeline.  And I want to highlight that the portfolio in Dallas we got done subsequent to the end of the quarter happened to be an OP unit transaction. Issuing OP units and selling the benefits of that to perspective sellers has been a competitive advantage and it’s been the one that we have used successfully for several years now. 
Spencer Kirk: I think you’re seeing cap rates somewhat have bottomed out. We haven’t seen a significant tick up but I think that they’ve largely bottomed out.
Spencer Kirk: Sure. So, we’ve had our own internal aggregation business, Storage.com, which we’ve talked about. We’ve been out there competing with SpareFoot and we simply did a test with SpareFoot with certain assets in certain markets to see what it might yield. And as I said just moments ago, Dave, we think aggregation has its role and it can be a tool, but our primary effort is not aggregation, it’s not relying on a third-party to supply our customers, and we’re certainly not putting our destiny in the hands of a third-party. We have invested very heavily in our own strategy and I think our results speak for themselves.
Spencer Kirk: It varies depending on what kind of customer you’re going after, David. I would say our belief is internally our CPA, cost per acquisition, for a customer is below that of what the aggregators would charge us, which is why we spend the majority of our marketing dollars internally, not externally.
Spencer Kirk: I think that what we’re seeing on the market today is pretty similar to what we’ve seen in the past in terms of the first quarters. Typically, at the start of the year, it’s a little bit slower. We have seen some get pulled, but there have been a couple of larger deals, typically they do transact if they go -- especially if it’s brokered. I mean, something that is more just an enquiry might not transact, but if it’s brokered, they typically transact.
Spencer Kirk: This is really interesting, Michael, there is an awful lot of talk about development. Trade shows, meeting with people across the country, everybody wants to get on to the self-storage train, because it’s a great business. I would say, talk is cheap and execution is really tough. Financing is tough, paying up for land that’s got to be suitable is tough and one of the biggest things that I am not sure that everybody has calculated into this is, it’s great to get it build. Once you get it build, how are you going to compete against the REITs? So, you’re going to start paying management fees and probably giving up some or all of your tenant insurance and the risk versus return curve has shifted and I don’t think it’s just compelling to do this. So, yeah, there is a lot of activity in New York. Let’s talk about the lack of activity in LA and San Francisco, where we’re talking single digit property counts coming out of the ground. So, for me, 2015, supply is not an issue, 2016, not an issue. Let’s get a little closer to 2017 and we’ll see if it’s going to be impactful. The point I made earlier, Mike, was during the mid-2000s, more than 2,600 properties a year were fed into the market. Today, we’re at a fraction of that and in 2016, it will still be a fraction and 2017, it will still be a fraction. So, supply is a factor. I just don’t believe that the supply chain is going to deliver up product fast enough to have a material impact for the next 18 months and maybe beyond.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Spencer. Last night, we reported FFO of $0.68 per share for the quarter. Excluding costs associated with acquisitions and non-cash cash interests, FFO as adjusted was $0.69 per share, exceeding the high-end of our guidance by $0.02. The beat was primarily the result of better-than-expected property performance and tenant reinsurance income.  Our same-store revenue growth was driven by increased occupancy and higher street rates. 120 basis points of this increase in revenue came from the change in our same-store pool. Specifically, the addition of our 2013 acquisitions which have performed extremely well. We've been busy deploying capital. We've closed on eight stores for $84 million in the quarter. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we acquired 24 stores for 193 million, which include a portfolio in Dallas. In addition, we have four operating stores under contract for $32 million. These acquisitions should close in the next 90 days. We have another 16 certificate of occupancy stores under contract. The total purchase price of these store is 175 million, of which 58 million is expected to close in 2015. Additional details related to our C of O deals can be found in our supplemental package posted on our website. Based on our strong first quarter results, we've increased our full-year guidance to be $2.90 to $2.98 per share. FFO as adjusted is estimated to be $2.94 to $3.02 per share. Our guidance includes dilution from our certificate of occupancy deals and acquisitions that operate below our portfolio average. Accretion on certain acquisitions will be limited in year one as we bring them up to our performance standards. Our long-term strategy is to leverage our operating expertise and to maximize our shareholder return. I'll now turn the time back to Spencer.
Scott Stubbs: Yeah. George, this is Scott. Our cap rates have been, what I would tell you, all over the place and what I mean by that is our certificate of occupancy deals obviously don't have any yield at day one. We will do some of those this year, we’ve done some over the past couple of years. We typically target a cap rate in the low to mid-6s for year one cap rate and some of the acquisitions have been that or better than that and some of them have been lower than that depending on the operator and if we felt like there was upside. So sorry to be general as that, but I think that's really the way we view them and kind of what we’ve been doing. As far as the overall market, things are competitive still. I think you've seen the REITs be probably the winner of a lot of these acquisitions, if something gets marketed, they typically have the lowest cost of capital and getting the majority of the deals.
Scott Stubbs: Vikram, this is Scott. We actually finished the quarter at record high occupancy from us. So we feel like it’s going to be good summer. Our internal estimates are we feel like we can top out at just over 94% and we feel like it's going to be a good leasing season. As far as the winter months, I mean clearly it affected people's ability to move in, but it also affected people's ability to move out. So if you look at our net rentals for the first quarter, it was actually a good quarter for us.
Scott Stubbs: I think our expectation is to be able to meet our guidance of $500 million. Right now our guidance is broken into two components. It's $450 million for outside acquisitions and then $50 million C above deals and we're comfortable with that at this time.
Scott Stubbs: It's all harmonized, you can't single out any one element, it's got to work together hand-in-hand, you can't have your interactive marketing people working at odds with revenue management and that's been a major initiative over the last two years here at Extra Space is to bring that all into one single department and have one cohesive strategy and it seems to be working.
Scott Stubbs: It varied a little bit during the quarter, it was as high as 85% and as low as 69% through the quarter and that's month-by-month. So the majority, call it, three quarters of our new customers coming in the door get some type of promotion, now the type of promotion they’re getting is less than it has been in the past but majority of them are getting a promotion.
Scott Stubbs: So in terms of the lease up of the properties, these properties are leasing up quicker than our initial estimates, typically we have estimated three to four years, I mean, I think these are on pace to do more two to three. In terms of rates, I think they’re similar to what we were expecting; we typically entered the market being kind of the low cost provider or the low price option to try to get more than our share of the market to increase our occupancy quicker. And then, in terms of discounts, we are discounting almost every unit coming in the door.
Scott Stubbs: We have a few assets that we might look to sell, it's more market driven, typically we're of the attitude that we're trying to build the portfolio. We are always interested in, we enjoy partners but we’re always interested in buying out our partners. This particular asset you're talking about, an outside buyer approached us and offered us a price that was very difficult to refuse.
Scott Stubbs: Gaurav, this is Scott. Our focus is more on dilution and how much we are going to accept on an annual basis. We targeted kind of 2% to 3% of our annual FFO and so that is more of the governor for us. We are saying, we want to grow, we want to grow this part of the business, we think it’s healthy, we think that they have good yields, if we can find the right one. But at the same time, we recognized that we don’t want to have too much dilution on an annual basis. 
Scott Stubbs: We feel like it’s still holding off the new supply. As we talk to banks, we obviously talk to them all the time, I think they are willing to make loans to well-capitalized, individuals that they have loans with or relationships with, but typically the terms aren’t anywhere near what they were on hay day. They are looking for people to have equity at risk, real equity versus just putting up their land. And so we think it still absolutely as limiting factor in development.
Scott Stubbs: I think you will see it both places. I mean, clearly people want to get things done in the top MSAs, but they are tough to get things done there, and it’s easier to get things done in maybe a more suburban area. 
Scott Stubbs: So on an annual basis, you’re going to see that decline. So for instance, during the quarter, you had a 120 basis points of revenue, half of which was occupancy. But you can see in that same table, our ending occupancy at the end of Q1 for both pools is the exact same. And it actually was about the same by mid-year last year.  So you’re going to see that benefit go very, very quickly. I think it might be slightly higher than the 50 basis points we originally said, but it’s not going to be anywhere near the 200 you saw in the quarter or the 120 basis points of revenue.
Scott Stubbs: When we were talking benefit, we were focusing more on the revenue piece and how to plug down. We are assuming the expense benefit would not be there. And I think you will see that even out more throughout the year. As far as the occupancy disclosure, that was a change that was pushed later last night. So if you look at the latest version of the supplemental, it does have the latest occupancy for both pools in it.
