Spencer Kirk: Thanks Jeff. Hello, everyone. For quite sometime I have wondered when our business would go from being great to just really good. Through the first two quarters it continues to be great. We reached a record high occupancy of 94.5%, while producing same-store revenue growth of 9.4%. Year-over-year, NOI grew 12.1%, FFO as adjusted grew 17.2% and we increased our dividend by over 25%. This kind of growth is directly attributable to accretive acquisitions, muted new supply and our ability to source higher value customers online. We have been acquisitive year-to-date we have closed over 350 million in acquisition. In addition last month we announce the definitive merger agreement to acquire SmartStop, the seventh largest storage company in the U.S. or approximately 1.3 billion. The single transaction will add 122 owned stores, 42 managed stores and will increase our footprint by 15%, including this transaction we will likely acquire 1.8 billion in 2015. Customer acquisition on the internet is about size and scale. With these acquisitions in the growth of our third-party management business we will finished that year with over 1,300 stores on the Extra Space platform. The expansion of our physical and digital footprint allowed us to reach more customers than ever before and increases operational efficiencies. As I have said it is a great time to be in storage. I’ll now turn the time over to Scott.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Scott. Through acquisitions joint ventures and third-party management, we continue to expand our portfolio and consolidate stores under the increasingly potent Extra Space brand. By the end of 2015, we will have closed approximately $4 billion in acquisitions over the last five years and there's still room to grow. Fundamentals of the storage industry continue to be favorable and we are leveraging our scalable platform to maximize revenue NOI and FFO. I am pleased with the outstanding performance of our team, we have driven 19 consecutive quarters of double-digit FFO growth.  I’ll now turn the time back to Jeff to start our Q&A.
Spencer Kirk: Ki Bin. It’s Spencer. We think that there is upside we’re pleased with our performance. We’re pleased with our potency, but the game is far from over and we need to continue to expand our footprint the Internet is about size and scale and we’re going to continue.
Spencer Kirk: Not a lot of changes in the last two quarters Ki Bin, we continue to refine our models, we continue to refine our approach and we continue to go after the higher value customers.
Spencer Kirk: There is no one single thing I would ask you to focus on Jeff. The overall health of the U.S. economy is the single biggest determinant for how we’re going to do, as you look at storage operators they have done well in spite of what I would call a less than robust economy. So for the next 12 to 18 months, I think the two things that we need to underscore again, again and again. Number one, there is very little new supply today and for the foreseeable future that bodes well. Number two, the Internet, old rule is changed, the Internet is not the great equalizer it’s the great divider and we continue to use it to our advantage.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, the assets that we acquired in the second quarter I would tell you are on the lower end. I mean typically we are looking at year-one cap rates of 6 to 6.5. The forward-looking first-year cap rates for the management fee and we have acquired a portfolio in Dallas it was actually below that, but we feel like there is a fair amount of upside and it should grow from there. There is some lease about set in there, in fact one of them is just opening today.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, the major areas of our expense growth we see above average is one or two things, you have seen some higher than expected snow removal this year, and then the second one is just property taxes. It depends on when these assets get reassessed so your other one in Atlanta is its a little skewed by a land lease it was basically an increase in the timing of when the land lease expense was reassessed.
Spencer Kirk: So right now I would tell you our balance sheet is largely investment grade. I think if you look at our ratios and things we are very close. There is a few things keeping us from being rated and right now those issues focus more on covenants as well as across the provisions in unsecured debt. So to date, we are going to operate similar to a rated entity, but right now we do not have any eminent plans to become a rated entity.
Spencer Kirk: As far as how long it goes I think its difficult to say I think supplies going to play into that your other thing is the usage of storage and how your rates compared [indiscernible] apartment rates and things like that the rate per square foot. We have some markets were they approach that but the one thing you do have going for you in storage is it's in frequent transaction. So someone knows what they're supposed to pay in rent because typically they have friends that rent for they know a lot of other renters and so they know what your average rental rate is. But at the same time people don't rent self storage very often. So they typically just end up paying what the marketed.
Spencer Kirk: Todd it your lucky day we are fortunate to have James over to our Executive VP over marketing and Internet Google with that question over James let him take it.
Spencer Kirk: So we feel like it’s a big opportunity Todd they have two more funds that are going to be raising money and buying properties. So we and those management contracts are coming our way. In terms of how we value to put a cap on we viewed more is a benefit and so therefore we are maybe willing to pay more aggressive cap rate on the existing assets. We didn't necessarily say is worth X because those management contracts are month-to-month and you know we don't expect them to go anywhere but at the same time we don't put a huge amount of value on that.
Spencer Kirk: So, Todd, its Spencer. Nothing is shifted we’re very interested in stabilized assets, because you take that stabilized asset put it into our operating platform. And that's where you squeeze a lot of incremental performance out of what we would generally consider an under managed asset. So it hasn’t been a shift of the C of O, we like stabilized assets, when we think that the market is wide open for additional operational consolidation. My personal math is if there are 54,000 self storage facilities in the U.S. you could probably knock 30,000 of those out as being too small too old or in the wrong markets for us, you take out another 4,000 to 5,000 for the larger national operators, not still at least some more around 19,000 to 20,000 properties that are wide-open for operational or financial consolidation and we think there's plenty of room to grow on both fronts.
Spencer Kirk: Yes. So there are a lot of factors in there, one of the biggest ones is self storage is not a welcome asset class in most neighborhoods. We don’t provide a lot of jobs, we don't collect a lot of tax revenue and most municipalities don't roll out the red carpet, you throw in the cost of land because everybody is trying to develop just not folks that can do storage. If you look at the lending environment probably one of the biggest ones Neil that I have observed is the risk versus reward curve shifted and it's not in favor of the developer. So the local developer has an ability to go out and get the property entitled if they're lucky and get it constructed on budget if they're lucky and then they were left with the questions. Now what do I do? Because I can’t take out a yellow page out anymore and I’m in no man's land. Oh, I need to align myself with the management company that can drive traffic to this property and I’m going to pay management fees and probably going to give up some or all of the tenant insurance. I’m going to get to downstream to bunch of other crossing at the end of the day. I’m going to make a lot less money than I would've made otherwise. So the return on these investments for these guys trying to go out and get a permit I think there's some hesitation. I think land costs are higher than a lot of people have thought that would be permitting is more difficult. I can tell you I have two cases in California on properties that we have worked on it. It took more than 10 years to get a permit in some prime locations. So this is not easily done in some locations, yes, you're seeing some development come out of the ground inside Denver. Sure, across the country we still maintain an assert that the rate of growth of new supply is still left than the rate of growth of the populations in the U.S. It is a great time to be in Storage.
Spencer Kirk: Jeremy this is Spencer. For July we’re not giving specifics what I can tell you occupancy holding, rate for holding and we will have to see have the rest of the year place out, but things are good.
Spencer Kirk: Our appetite really has nothing to do with the public or private Ross. It has lot to do with, it doesn't make sense and is that the right thing for our shareholders. If you look at the public environment there's probably going to be step premium fixed to that kind of transaction and we are rational buyers.
Spencer Kirk: So if we look forward I see things, Ki Bin is still being good. I don't know if we’re going to be operating in the stratosphere. But I can tell you with no new supply and our ascendancy on the Internet. I don't see anything that is disruptive borrowing a black swan event in the next 12 to 18 months. I am bullish and this is an unprecedented market, in which we’re operating, and we’re going to take every advantage to maximize the result. My crystal ball is no better than anyone else. But I don't see anything that is likely to disrupt the operating environment in which we’re currently operating and I think - expect to see really strong results.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, it’s something we’ll look at it’s not anything we put out there yet. We have a pretty robust supplemental package, but it’s something we’ll consider.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you everyone for your interest in Extra Space today. We look forward to next quarters call. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Spencer. Last night, we reported FFO of $0.72 per share for the quarter. Excluding costs associated with acquisitions and non-cash interest, FFO as adjusted was $0.75 per share, exceeding the high-end of our guidance by $0.01. The beat was primarily the result of better-than-expected property performance. Our same-store revenue growth was driven by increased occupancy, higher rates to new and existing customers and lower discounts. Some of our standout market in terms of revenue growth includes Atlanta at 11%, Los Angeles and San Francisco at 12%, Orlando at 15%, Sacramento at 16% and Denver at 17%. Our platform continues to maximize results in this favorable operating environment. As Spencer mentioned we've been busy deploying capital, we closed on 31 stores for 262 million in the quarter. Two of which were properties that would purchased upon completion of construction. We also purchased the remaining 1% of the joint venture partners interested in 19 store portfolio for 1.3 million. Subsequent to the end of the quarter we acquired a certificate of occupancy store with the JV partner for 5.4 million. We currently have three operating stores under contract for 27 million these acquisitions should close before the end of the year. In addition, we have another 16 certificate of occupancy stores under contract. The total purchase price of these stores is a $172 million of which $36 million is expected to close in 2015. Additional details related to our C of O deals can be found in our supplemental package that’s posted on our website. Last month, we announced the SmartStop acquisition and we completed an equity offering. The offering was well received and we issued 6.3 million shares at $68.15 per share. This resulted in gross proceeds of $431 million. We're well into the process of securing additional debt to fund the balance of the SmartStop acquisition. The financing will include CMBS debt, secured bank loans and draws on our revolving lines of credit. These draws will be turned out in the three to six months following close. The SmartStop acquisition as well as our strong year-to-date results requires to revise our guidance. These adjustments assume an October 1, closing of SmartStop. Our revised full-year FFO guidance is $2.89 to $2.96 per share. Our FFO is adjusted is $2.99 to $3.06 per share, our guidance includes dilution from our certificate of occupancy deals and acquisitions that operate below our portfolio average as well as the additional shares issued in our June offering. I will now turn the time back to Spencer.
Scott Stubbs: So RJ, this is Scott. We actually haven’t changed your underwriting I think that we still been pretty consistent in how we underwrite these deals. I think that if anything were being surprised on the upside meeting these assets are leasing up quicker than expected, but at the same time that could change. So some of these CFO deals we’re looking at today, one or two of them are opening in early 2018 now so your problem with becoming more aggressive in the short-term is these assets maybe more of a long-term play. So we pro forma them more with three to four-year lease ups, 36 month lease ups being pretty standard.
Scott Stubbs: The two things that are really been better than we expected. One is our occupancy, our occupancy, we expected to peak it about 94%, 94.5%. The second one is we think – the second part of occupancy as we think it will continue to be strong for the year. We expect our occupancy delta to average 1.5% to 2% and then the second one is discounts, discounts are been significantly below where we originally estimated.
Scott Stubbs: So I would tell you in terms of number of properties that we think there's a lot of upside on its minimal right now. Most of our properties are above 90% I mean we do have a few that maybe have some functional issues the most of our properties are actually more in the 95% range, we do have few that are full completely 100% full and we have a few that are in the upper 70s just because maybe they're too big or new competitors come in right nearby.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, on the lending side I think the lenders are still conservative. A well-capitalized developer is going to be able to get loan, I think the majority of these developers we work with our well-capitalized. We want to make sure that our developers have the ability to absorb losses, if that's required and that they can perform to our standards. So you know I think that lenders are willing to lend. But I don't think they're willing to lend at the rate that is going to cause significant new supply at this time.
Scott Stubbs: Neil, its Scott. So first of all I think we do see some correlation with the housing market but it’s not a perfect correlation. I think the thing that is you know has the highest correlation is change. So whether that’s a housing or it changes someone’s personal life you know that's what causing people to rent self storage. They all have a need coming in the door, we think that those needs are going to continue and as long as new supply is low, we think that we’ll have pricing power.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, so first of all I think it’s difficult to comment and what the trailing NOI is because there's some expense differences and how we operate the properties, there is also property tax assumptions that are made. Going forward we can clearly comment on that, we're viewing this is kind of mid-fives cap rate year-one and growing from there as we bought it. I think the one thing that we always consider is worth. What happens is there seems to be a portfolio premium that’s applied to any portfolio that’s out there especially one of the size. I think this is one of it. If not the largest or I just want to trade hands in some time. And we typically look at that as you end up paying 75 basis points premium to get a portfolio deal done.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, so their tenant insurance penetration is lower than ours, significantly lower there closer to 50% penetration and their average rate per policy is a fair amount lower than ours also.
Scott Stubbs: We think it will be one to two years to get it up to our penetration level just because we are not going to bother the existing customers, we're going to do it as these units churn.
Scott Stubbs: So an ATM is obviously always a board decision, it’s something that we are in discussions in today, it’s something that we’ve talked about in the past quite often. So it's very difficult to comment on their decision there.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, I think there is a couple things to consider their as you need to look at the rentals we also need to look at the vacates - is vacates were you know depended on what your rentals versus vacates and the difference between them because certain time you know you have significantly more rentals than you have vacates. What we focus on more than rentals and vacates we view that when we look at this we don't look at this just on a three month or six month period. We look at rentals and vacates and see how they compare the past six or seven years on average per property. And then we focus much more on the occupancy of the property.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, we’ll focus mainly on occupancy in the first year, we will try to get their occupancy up to exactly where we are. The only thing I could caution you on as you can just look straight at 20% because they may or may not compete directly with our properties. So we’ll aggressively move the occupancy and then from there we will aggressively move the rates to be inline with our existing stores were in the same markets.
