Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Jeff, and thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. Before I report on our performance, I am happy to announce that we recently published our Annual Sustainability Report. We are proud to be a sector leader, not only operationally, but also in sustainability. I encourage you to review our report, which is posted on our Investor Relations website.  Turning to results. The strong trends we experienced in the first quarter continued into the leasing season. Year-over-year same-store revenue growth in the quarter was 21.7%, matching our first quarter growth rate. This is an all-time high for Extra Space Storage. Despite expense pressure on several line items, NOI growth remained very strong at 26%. This was achieved primarily through year-over-year rental rate growth, partially offset by a modest decrease in year-over-year occupancy due to elevated vacate activity.  With manageable new supply and durable customer demand, we continue to operate at high occupancy with strong rates. Despite inflation and the potential effects of recession, we believe we are well positioned to continue to produce strong results due to our resilient need-based asset class, diversified portfolio, strong balance sheet and best-in-class team and platform.  We were active in each of our external growth channels. During the quarter, we invested $289 million in property acquisitions and we invested an additional $92 million in July, bringing year-to-date totals to $610 million. We have continued to focus on acquiring nonstabilized properties and, as we outlined last quarter, have started closing more transactions in joint venture structures.  We started to see the market shift late in the quarter with increasing interest rates, reducing the number of bidders at the table and the bid-ask spread widening between buyers and sellers. We are being selective with our acquisitions, and we are focused on transactions and structures that will be accretive for our shareholders.  In the quarter, we closed $70 million in bridge loans, and we added 40 additional stores gross to our management platform. We also made a creative storage investment, purchasing an existing storage company named Bargold Storage solutions. This company has a different model than traditional storage. It is focused on leasing space and apartment buildings, primarily in New York and subleasing storage spaces to residential tenants.  The acquisition of Bargold added over 17,000 units to our portfolio with an occupancy rate over 97%. Due to the unique nature of its operations, we have retained their team and are keeping the entity running as a separate organization. We view this transaction as another creative investment in the storage sector which came to us through deep industry relationships.  Our strong property NOI, plus our external growth efforts, resulted in core FFO growth of 29.9%. Our growth allowed us to raise our annual FFO guidance for the second time this year. It has been another great quarter, and we are well on our way to another strong year. Storage fundamentals remain solid. While we expect our rate of growth to moderate in the back half of the year due to very difficult comps, we expect it to remain well over historical averages, with modeled year-over-year revenue growth remaining in the double digits through 2022.  I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Joseph Margolis: Sure, Todd, and thanks for your clever title to know, we all got to chuckle out of that. So we underwrote the existing business. We didn't underwrite any extraordinary growth. We didn't underwrite any synergies. We fill our G&A on top of it. And just underwriting what exists today, the first year yields in the low 4s and it grows to the mid- to upper 5s. So kind of similar to urban property investments, I would say.  And then our hope is, of course, we're going to first try to institutionalize the business, introduce things that they haven't done. In terms of technology, they don't charge administration fees, they don't offer insurance. And that's kind of the first step of the plan is to institutionalize it and bring some Extra Space's, expertise and procedures, processes to it. And then we'll see Bar growing it. We'll try to grow it in New York City. And if that works, then we'll take it outside of New York City. But it's kind of one step at a time for us.
Joseph Margolis: Sure. Great question. So the business is leasing space in apartment buildings, and it's primarily basements and garages, building those spaces out. So if you walked into them, they would look exactly like the interior of one of our modern self-storage facilities and then leasing that only to tenants in the apartment buildings. So because of that, your customer acquisition and marketing costs are almost nothing.  It's a -- your incremental cost to grow the business is very, very small because you're not buying any real estate. It's all leases. So we bought the business, we bought the platform, and now it's capital light going forward. And the tenants are different. They stay for a long time. The average length of stay of in-place customers in this portfolio is 8 years. The churn is less than 0.5% a month compared to our churn of 6% to 7%. So it's incredibly stable.  They operate at occupancy of over 97%, and they have over 1,000 people on the waiting list. So that's a good example of synergies that we're going to experiment with is do we get those people on the waiting list into an Extra Space store until a unit opens up for them? It also tells me their pricing might not have been sophisticated as ours is. But you are right. The rate increases are limited in some instances and coordinated with the landlord because the landlord doesn't want a tenant to be unhappy or be using money he could for increased apartment rent, for increased storage rent. So there is a difference there as well.
Joseph Margolis: This company has historically operated at, what we would consider, very, very high occupancy levels. So over 97% would be a normal occupancy level for Bargold. I do not know of any other company that does this on the scale that Bargold does. And it's one reason that is exciting to us is the potential growth without a lot of competitors.
Joseph Margolis: So I'm not sure you know that until the future, right? I mean, yes, leasing has been strong and demand has been strong, but we haven't seen it diminish to the extent we could say it's leasing from a future period that's been pulled forward. So that seems very theoretical.
Joseph Margolis: I think your second question was on revenue growth pattern. And we do anticipate moderation, as Scott said in his remarks. But if you look at our guidance, we'll end the year in low teens positive revenue growth, which is just a fantastic number. It sets us up really, really well ahead into 2023.
Joseph Margolis: Sure. So if we end the year at low teens revenue growth and knowing how increases and decreases take time to roll through the rent roll in storage, it takes a while for any weakness if we see that, if you're looking for a downside scenario to roll into results. So pick an ending point, right? I mean storage has only gone negative in revenues during the Great Financial Crisis and barely 0.1% during 2020. So pick whatever ending point you want for revenue and I think you will end up in 2023. I'm not giving guidance. I'm just doing math, above long-term historical averages in revenue growth.  And expenses, we'll continue to try to manage as well as we can. But we're going to have -- we have really hard comps this year, we're going to have fairly easy comps next year. And moving out of the store arena, everything else is growing really rapidly. Our Bridge Loan Program is growing rapidly. Our management business is growing rapidly. As the transaction market gets tougher, people tend to seek other solutions and sale, which are both -- which could be Bridge Loans. We're seeing less exits from our management business due to sales. Some of our other things that we do or seem to be shaping up and hopefully, we'll talk more about that later. So I'm pretty excited about 2023.
Joseph Margolis: Jeff, I would add, we have stronger markets and we have markets that are less strong. And we're always looking where performance isn't as good as elsewhere and seeing what tools we can use to try to help those markets. And it may be submarkets or individual stores where we have to do certain things with marketing spend or different things. And we always trying to maximize performance. So not everything is as strong as the best performing assets in the company. But everything is good. And we have the tools to address individual areas or stores or markets of weakness, and we feel lucky to have a really broadly diversified portfolio.
Joseph Margolis: So I think we're seeing less competition. I think there are fewer bidders. Folks who rely on leverage really heavily, have -- many of them have gone through the sidelines, but there's still bidders. And so transactions are getting done. So it's not an open playing field by any means. And cap rates is always a hard thing to tell, right, because it's -- the data lags and each transaction is kind of unique, its own. But I would say we have seen an expansion of cap rates.
Joseph Margolis: So we haven't made any change in what percent of the portfolio we send a rate increase to. Every customer is eligible for a rate increase after a certain amount of time. I'm not sure if I understood your question correctly, but...
Joseph Margolis: Okay. Yes. So, I misunderstood the question. So I don't think we can make good year-over-year comparisons. Because last year, we were so constricted by government regulations where we couldn't -- even if we wanted to, we couldn't send rate increase notices.  What I would say is that pre-COVID, we had a pretty formulaic approach in terms of cadence and amount of rate increase we sent to customers. And during COVID -- during the period of time we voluntarily didn't send out rate increase notices, and then when the governments of the various states told us we couldn't, we kind of kicked off with that formulaic approach. And we have not gone back to it. We are much more tailored now and designed in terms of both cadence and amount of rate increase that will send.
Joseph Margolis: Sure, Smedes. Thanks for the question. So we have 2 new joint venture partners this year in 2022. We also are working with some of our older joint venture partners and the phone rings a lot. There's lots and lots of people who would like to be our partners in self-storage.
Joseph Margolis: It's certainly asset specific. But I would say before the interest rate increases happen, pricing was so strong -- well, first, let's back up a little bit. 2021, you had strong pricing, you had fear of capital gains, tax increase. You feared 1031 going away. Getting into 2022, you had strong pricing and low interest rates. Now I think you have some people fearing increased interest rates and further cap rate compression in the future so time to get out. And then you always have the asset-specific thing. It's a fund that's coming to the end of the life. It's a family where there's been an issue or a death in the family. But I think those reasons probably wrap up most of the situations.
Joseph Margolis: Sure. Pretty similar, very similar to what we talked about last quarter. We continue to see and expect a moderation of new supply. There's certainly headwinds in terms of interest rates, cost, entitlements but it's not going to 0. There's still is new supply being delivered, and there's still an awful lot of interest in people wanting to build new self-storage. I'll give you a stats that is interesting.  Our management plus team underwrites about 215 deals a quarter for potential management contracts. 75% of those this year have been development. So there's still a lot of people out there interested in building self-storage. And you can understand why. The results of the asset class have been phenomenal.
Joseph Margolis: So as I said, tried to reference earlier, it's all over the board, right? Because we have this weird situation, a unique situation, excuse me, of folks whose rent was artificially suppressed by government regulation at a time when street rate was increasing. So we had some larger the normal gaps between what people are paying a street rates, and we were trying to catch up. So there's a wide variation in the amount of rent increase customers are getting, and I'm not sure an average is meaningful because of that.
Joseph Margolis: So the -- we have lots of ideas for Bargold. Well, the first thing we're going to do is absorb the existing business. One of the ideas, you're right, is they have such a long waiting list is could we provide some option for the Bargold tenants on the waiting lists to store their stuff in Extra Space units and then maybe give them a priority to get into a Bargold unit would that -- would not help Extra Space. We have not instituted that yet. That's just one of many ideas that we're excited to get to.  And yes, we -- once we digest Bargold, and we feel we have it rhyme the way we want, absolutely, we're going to try to expand it first in Manhattan and other parts of New York and possibly then afterwards to other major cities in the country.
Joseph Margolis: So I apologize if I implied that because we're going to end the year in double digits in revenue growth. That means it's going to be double-digit revenue growth throughout 2023. I think it means we're going to start 2023 with double digits. And then everyone can have their own view of the market and how that will moderate or not operate throughout the balance of the year.
Joseph Margolis: So I think last quarter, we said we expected lifting of the California state emergencies to add 50 basis points to the same-store portfolio. We now think that's more like 70 basis points. And the reason for the difference is we were only conservative in our length of stay assumptions. We thought that when we increased rates to street rates, we would push more people out the door. But in fact, we've been conservative in that assumption. So 70 basis points is the answer to your question.
Joseph Margolis: So the capital to grow the business, and I don't want to get in front of ourselves, right? I don't want to promise huge growth. We're taking this one step at a time. And the first thing is to absorb what we have. But we did buy this with the expectation that we will get to a growth phase. The -- because these are leases and the rent is just a percentage of revenue, there's no fixed rent in these leases. It's very capital light. You just have to build out the space. That's your capital.  Now there also may be capital expended in terms of systems. We -- our systems are better than theirs, and I'm not saying anything negative about the company. It's a very successful, well-run family company, it was, but we have more capabilities than them. We have better systems. And so we may also put some capital in there. But it's not a lot. This should be generally capital-light going forward.
Joseph Margolis: Sure. So the average number of units in the building is 25, but there's a pretty wide range of that. I think the largest building is 800 units, which is kind of similar to a store, but there's also buildings that just have a handful of units. The reason kind of boards or call-up boards building owners would do this, and so they don't have to handle it. So Bargold, now Extra Space handles getting the -- through in the unit, dealing with payments, dealing with nonpayments and auctioning the units. Out of their 17,000 -- over 17,000 units, they auctioned about 20 a month last year. So the rate is very, very small. And it's storage. It works just the -- laws are the same, and it works just like storage.
Joseph Margolis: Yes. I would say it was neither static nor hyper growth that they were a steady growth company growing in the single digits every year.
Joseph Margolis: It's a small market, but Charleston is one that has kind of jumped up and was -- had a bunch of supply and wasn't on our list earlier.
Joseph Margolis: So we've had elevated vacates in response to our increased rent increases to existing customers. And we track that really carefully with every month control group. So we know exactly what percent increase in vacates being caused by our ECRI rent increase program. And that has caused a very slight moderation or dip in those numbers that you referenced in terms of long-term stay, but they're still very high and elevated from any historical period.
Joseph Margolis: So I guess in reverse order, we don't see anything on a regional basis. It's pretty consistent across all markets. And our theory, which I think you're referencing here, theory, that the customers who came to us in COVID for lack of space because they were doing a home office or whatever. Those are the longer stay customers and we do lose some percentage of those. They don't all stay forever, but many of them are sticky.
Joseph Margolis: So I don't know if we can say yes or no to that yet. Some of that data is hard to collect and you need a good period of time before you can be confident with it.
Joseph Margolis: I mean there's always anecdotes, but I don't think I would be comfortable saying that we see a trend or a movement or anything like that.
Joseph Margolis: So I think we have a lot to learn. And one of the things we need to learn is exactly what's the optimal building. And is it -- what are the differences between putting it in an own building or a rental building? They have both. It works well in both. And how many units per apartment unit is optimal? And what's the best unit mix? We will tend to take a very data-oriented approach to that, probably more so than the prior quarter. So a lot of the questions that you have are the questions that we have, and we're going to learn about it.  On the best case where we can grow this thing, gigantic scale and it's lots of apartment buildings, then that does become a competitor for traditional urban self-storage. But if that's the case, I want to be the one to be the first mover in that.
Joseph Margolis: Great. Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for your time and interest in Extra Space. If I take a big step back and kind of look at how the company is going -- it's really a good time here at Extra Space. Everything is clicking on all cylinders. The growth front, as we talked about, is really strong. We have a number of technological innovations underway that we're excited about. We just got back engagement surveys. Our scores are up very, very much this year. We are in great shape with our employee report. Thank you. [indiscernible] from the operations there. As my kids would say they're stupid good. So it's just a great time for us at Extra Space, and we appreciate everyone's support. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe, and hello, everyone. We had a strong second quarter, ahead of our own internal projections. Our outperformance was driven primarily by strong property performance, which benefited the same-store pool, joint ventures and management fees.  As Joe mentioned, we were active on the external growth front. Our investments were capitalized primarily by draws on our revolving lines of credit. We issued $22 million in operating partnership units as part of the Bargold transaction, bringing year-to-date issuance of equity to approximately $60 million. In the second quarter, we repurchased approximately $63 million of shares -- in shares at an average price of $165 per share.  Due to the wide spreads in the investment-grade bond market, we've been active with our banking relationships. Last week, we completed an accordion transaction in our credit facility, adding $600 million of unsecured debt within the facility across 2 tranches. Our plan to term out debt using the investment-grade bond market has not changed, and we expect to utilize this market again once conditions normalize.  Our leverage remains low, with net debt to EBITDA of 4.4x, and our unencumbered pool is over $13 billion. We continue to have access to many types of capital, and we have significant debt capacity to support future growth and maturities, albeit at higher interest rates.  Due to our year-to-date outperformance and improved outlook for the second half of the year, we updated our 2022 full year guidance. We've increased our same-store revenue guidance to 16% to 18%, driven primarily by rental rate growth. We strive to be efficient with expenses, and we believe our continued investment in our people and our properties are contributing to our top line growth. Consequently, we experienced same-store expense increases across several line items, and we have increased our expense guidance to 7.5% to 9% for the full year.  Our increased revenue far outweighs our increased expenses given our high-margin business. As a result, our same-store NOI growth range increased to 18.5% to 21.5%, the highest NOI growth guidance in our history.  Given our total investment activity year-to-date of $790 million, we have increased our acquisition investment guidance to $1.2 billion, only $250 million of which is unidentified. Our preferred investment in NexPoint remains in place and Bridge Loan volume and interest rates are higher than anticipated. As a result, we have increased our interest income guidance by approximately $3 million.  Due to the increase in interest rates as well as our higher acquisition volume, we've increased our interest expense guidance by $13 million at the midpoint. The sum of these adjustments result in an increase in core FFO, which is now estimated to be between $8.30 and $8.50 per share. We anticipate $0.20 of dilution from value-add acquisitions and C of O stores, in line with last quarter's estimate. we're having a great year, and we are positioned for continued steady growth.  And with that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Todd, if you look at kind of our surveys and the questionnaires we give our customers, it's come back to pre-COVID answers. It's largely coming from people moving, lack of space obviously is needed, but not what it was in COVID.  Our rentals and vacates have moved much more to pre-COVID numbers. Our vacates are elevated slightly now, partly due to the existing customer rate increases that have gone through over the last year as we move people quickly to street rates because these state of emergencies have been removed. So while vacates have been elevated slightly, rental activity has been really good. It's been strong. So we've been able to backfill those. So we have moved people quickly to street rate.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Juan, this is Scott. Our occupancy has been pretty consistent over the last 4 months where we've run 1% to 1.2% below prior year. And we would expect that to continue throughout the remainder of the year and maybe fall off slightly more than that as we get towards the end of the year. So we expect to be below where we finished 2021 by 1% to 1.5%.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So first on taxes. I mean, taxes, we are seeing things get reassessed in that 5% to 7% higher. We have been the beneficiary of some appeals, which has offset some of that increase. So overall, we're seeing increases, but the appeals are clearly benefiting us. Those are more onetime.  In terms of payroll, we continue to see wage pressure. Our payroll wages are up as much as 10% and our hours are up this year year-over-year. So that is somewhat a comp from last year. So last year, we had negative expense growth in the first half of the year. So as we resume more to normal hours, as more normal staffing, that is an increase year-over-year that we would not expect to go into next year. We would expect some wage pressure, but not the hour adjustment.  In terms of other things, we also continue to see pressure -- inflationary pressure on utilities, on repairs and maintenance. And as your revenues grow, your credit card fees grow. But this is the beauty of being in self-storage. It's such a high-margin business. So while inflation does impact your expenses, you also have some opportunities on the revenue front with month-to-month leases and that shorter-term lease really is a benefit to us.
Scott Stubbs: The amount of August has past? Yes. July continued from June rates were reasonably flat, June to July. Last year, like I mentioned, the rates really peaked in June, July of last year. So as last year's rate comp becomes easier, we hope that August continues to go well. But 2 days into August, it's all looking good still.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So when we talk about the health of the customer, we get a lot of questions about this. We look at things like bad debt, your accounts receivable, you look at rates where they are today versus where they were.  In terms of accounts receivable, they're pretty consistent with where they were last year with the historical norms. Bad debt is very close to the historical average. Haven't seen those elevated over the past quarter.  In terms of rate, we compared to 2019, our in-place rents are up 26%, 27%. So while year-over-year looks really big, like a really big jump. When you go back a few years, it's more affordable and maybe it doesn't -- not as extreme as people would think on the surface.
Scott Stubbs: Keegan, about 63% of our tenants today are below street rate. So obviously, they're eligible. We actually push people above street rates. So it's a large percentage. That 63% is actually higher than it's been in the past.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So when we break it out between the boroughs in New Jersey, our Northern New Jersey stores are performing better than our boroughs. Now we don't have a huge number of stores in the boroughs, so it might not be a great comparable. But both markets are performing below the average of the portfolio, but New Jersey is definitely performing better than New York. We did see rate increases. The state of emergencies lifted late last year. And so that has benefited us throughout this year.  I think November -- December is when most of those went out. So that's when you'll have a tougher comp. But we did implement many rate increases late last year that have benefited us this year in New Jersey.
Scott Stubbs: No. I think you saw some that were larger than the average as rate restrictions were lifted, and we moved them quickly to the current market rates. And that benefit as you move throughout this year, obviously, decreases because you were doing many of those late last year and early this year.
Scott Stubbs: So the wage pressure has obviously -- will be consistent throughout the year. So you're probably around 10% wage inflation year-over-year. Hours should get better as we move throughout the year. So towards the end of last year, we were more appropriately staffed and second quarter was -- and into the third quarter was kind of the low point in terms of staffing hours and being understaffed due to turnover.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Let me clarify one thing first, Ki Bin. So the month of July, we were about 5% to 7% negative in our achieved rate growth and that's year-over-year. So if you compare to where tenants were moving in last year versus this year, we were slightly negative. Now we forecast all of that. We expected that. And so we're not surprised.  In terms of the roll down, our in-place leases today -- our achieved rates are about 7% below where they were where our achieved rate is today -- I'm sorry, they're above. Our in-place rents are higher by about 7% than our achieved rents. And normally, at this time of the year, they're flat. Now in terms of cadence of where we expect our rates to go. Last year, they peaked in June and July, and they came down in August. So depending on what happens in August with our current rates, those could be flat again at the end of August.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So April, May, they were slightly positive. June, down about 6%. Average about negative 3% for the quarter. July, you were down that 5% to 7% range again. So that's year-over-year. And again, last year, you were pushing rates in June and July pretty hard.
Scott Stubbs: So things have performed pretty close to our expectations. I mean, the list of properties in what markets are outperforming, Atlantic continues to be a standout market for us. Most of the Sunbelt continues to be strong with South Florida, Miami being exceptionally strong in the Sunbelt, Miami and Atlanta.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So our average in-place rent is about 7% above where our achieved rents are today. Now that's on average. That's just comparing your average versus what the move-in is today. So while you could still have slightly negative rents and you push tenants up. . Now the one thing that we always look to is you're churning 5% of your customers every month. So a portion of that may move in at slightly lower rents. We then move our existing customers up fairly quickly. So we're probably one of the more consistent in our rate increases and how we do that more programmatic than others.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Street rates are not that different in terms of year-over-year growth or where they were than our achieved rates. Achieved your difference that is which channel they came from and that type of thing or discounts offered. So fairly similar trend to our achieved rates.
Scott Stubbs: I actually don't have this right -- we don't have it in front of us, Todd, just more of the recent numbers.
