Joe Margolis: Thank you, Jeff, and thank you everyone for joining us on today's call. The second quarter presented unique challenges to our country, our industry, and Extra Space. I am incredibly thankful to our employees to help to continue to operate our stores, service our customers, grow our company, strengthen our balance sheet and to do all the day-to-day blocking and tackling, that allows us to optimize our performance. All these good work was done in unusual and sometimes difficult working situations and often with added personal and family stress and uncertainty. It is said that crises does not create character, but reveals character. And I could not be prouder of the character the Extra Space team has shown during these past several months. This quarter also presented a stark reminder of racial injustice in our country. Approximately 40% of our teammates are black or other people of color, and I am proud them recruiting, developing and retaining diverse talent that's been a focus of our company for many years. It is not a new initiative. However, the tragic events of the last two months reinforced to me that Extra Space is a values-driven company with a great inclusive culture, we can do better. In response, we have enhanced our existing diversity and inclusion initiatives and have taken several concrete steps to improve as a company. These steps are consistent with our company values and I am committed and our response will not be limited to making statements or temporary steps, but we'll be continuing and substantive. Turning to our performance in the second quarter. Most importantly, we were able to grow FFO in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. We have started to see several positive trends on which Scott will provide further detail. Our platform is able to find and capture high-value customers. Rentals have normalized and vacates remain muted. As a result, our occupancy is at an all time high and prices have begun to move in the right direction. Where we can, we have resumed more normal pricing, operational practices and auctions. However, these positive trends should not obscure the macro and industry specific risks we still face. There are still uncertainties with respect to the course and length of the virus, its economic impact and its effect on consumers and their willingness to pay for storage. While our occupancy is at an all time high, until recently we have not been allowed to initiate the auction process in several markets, which represents approximately 47% of our same-store NOI. As a result at the end of June, approximately 150 basis points of our occupancy is from non-paying tenants due to delays in auction. By the end of July, this inflated occupancy increased to approximately 200 basis points. We are now moving forward with auctions in most states, but due to notice periods, actual auctions in several states won't begin until September, which will be outside of the peak-leasing season for re-tenanting these units. Occupancy has also benefited from lower-than-normal vacant. I do not personally believe that, the moderation in vacates represents a permanent behavioral shift of our customers. Instead, at some point, more historically normal activity will resume and we will see vacates increase, putting further pressure on occupancy, when we may not have our full set of tools available to optimize returns, due to government state emergency orders or regulations. Also the non-COVID headwinds that we had coming into 2020 are still present. While we believe the pandemic has delayed new deliveries and may reduce new projects and planning, properties are still being delivered, and there is still excess inventory leasing up in many markets, which is depressing rate growth. So, while we are encouraged by recent results, there are enough remaining uncertainties and risks that we are not in a position to reinstate guidance. The possible outcomes remain too broad for guidance to be meaningful, depending on how the risks I've outlined play out. We will continue to be transparent on all metrics and answer questions that you may have, and we will continue to work hard every day and remain laser-focused on maximizing shareholders long-term value. And now, I'd like to wish Scott a happy birthday and turn the time over him to walk through some of the metrics that I mentioned.
Joe Margolis: So, we do see delays in delivery of new product. One of the reasons -- well, we did have a good quarter with respect to new properties taken into our management platform, it was a little less than anticipated because some projects were delayed and won't be taken on until later in the year, but we absolutely are both experiencing and seeing delays and new products being delivered. The markets that we're concerned with are still the same markets that we were concerned with before. It's the Texas and Florida, Boroughs of New York City and some markets like that. There really COVID hasn't changed the markets that are faced with supply versus the ones.
Joe Margolis: So, there's six states now where we're prohibited from issuing existing customer rate increase notices, and a few of those States, we have some meaningful exposure to, and then there's another 14 States where our ability is limited to a certain percentage and in some case that percentage is so high, it's a meaningless limit. So far as we have re-instituted existing customer rate increase notices, we have not seen any change in behavior. We've not seen increased move out in response to those notices. Although I would also caution you it's something we're closely monitoring and we're probably still early in that game. We're interested to see what happens when the additional unemployment insurance runs out factors like that. So something we're watching closely, Smedes.
Joe Margolis: Sure. So it's absolutely a portfolio of 64 self storage assets. You know, they're in markets that overlay our footprint and as with any loan we make, if we end up having to own the assets, we're fully capable of operating them and adding value, and that's not a negative experience for us. So, we are always looking for opportunities to smartly invest our shareholders' money in creative position with the good risk posture. Our position in the first year is about $53 a square foot. So we feel pretty good about that. We think we're getting a fair return and we're very comfortable with the risk posture of the investment.
Joe Margolis: So, I can't tell you we were perfect. We certainly did things and learned lessons that we will apply in the future. One thing that I will tell you that a company like Extra Space that has a large portfolio has an advantage is we don't have to guess too much things. So as we were going, was we were faced with many of these new situations. We very quickly tried different things in a test basis in several hundred stores and learned what worked and what didn't. So we didn't have to make kind of final decisions for the whole portfolio. And that was very beneficial, because we were faced with new customer situation, new customer behavior. We were able to quickly get to what performs best. And we'll certainly take those lessons with us in the future, and also take our testing culture and approach to new situations with us as well.
Joe Margolis: I agree with you, I think we don't know. I think we're in a new situation. And we don't know, if there will be steady leasing if there is pent up demand or if we'll see the more traditional leasing patterns. And it's one of the reasons we're uncomfortable providing guidance on what's going to happen for the rest of the year, because there are these unknowns.
Joe Margolis: So, we have, one of the negatives of the delayed auction is the opportunity costs to nothing ever get the unit back. So we actually absolutely will try where we can to work with our tenants, and make some arrangement where they turn this, the unit back to us, so we can we can have it. But the majority of the units have to go through the auction process. We won't get them back until late in the third quarter. And at that point, we'll have to return to them. And kind of similar to Jeff's question earlier, we'll see what the environment is done to do so.
Joe Margolis: One thing we see across other asset classes is when the government tells you, you don't have to pay, or the government tells you there's no penalties, if you don't have to pay. Some people just choose not to do so.
Joe Margolis: Well, we would hope that, these restrictions would be lifted and we can go back to our normal operating practice with prospective ECRI auctions. But, we don't control that. So, our job is to control what we can control and maximize performance and follow the line in other place.
Joe Margolis: Yes. I think, there's going to be a number of stores that were not stabilized that the owner or the lender or the equity investor is going to force some type of capital event. So I would say, yes.
Joe Margolis: I guess part of my answer is I would say it Extra Space, we're always trying new things. We're always testing, innovating, trying to make the tools a little sharper and seeing what works. As I said earlier, I think we've learned a lot through this experience, some of which may be the permanent lessons and some may just be temporary. We are seeing more return to normal in terms of customer behavior. So for example our walking traffic has improved significantly. And that's an important metric that we look at and govern some of our behavior.
Joe Margolis: So, we have not approved a new C of O deal certainly in 2020, maybe even for 12 months. I'd have to think about that, but we have certainly not approved a new C of O deal in 2020. The just, pricing doesn't seem to make sense for us now. The rate, the base rate on our note is 5.5% and the yield to maturity is 6.1% on the C of O deal.
Joe Margolis: Some observations we can make. We are seeing higher AR at stores that are in markets with lower household income and also at stores, if there's more cash paying customers as opposed to credit cards. But the biggest impact is if you kind of get the trifecta of lower household income, lots of cash paying customers, and you're in a state where we can option that's where we have the highest.
Joe Margolis: So I would say we're seeing good demand across our portfolio. And if there is that trend, it is probably too early to tell. But one of the advantages of having a broadly diversified portfolio across a lot of primary and secondary are urban and suburban, however you want to characterize them growth, Mark, you know, we should be in a good balanced position to benefit from that if it occurs.
Joe Margolis: So, that's a decision SmartStop will make we can't force them to take that money, they have the option to take that money.
Joe Margolis: So SmartStop would be the appropriate folks to ask if they want to take the capital and I don't want to speak for them. And we do monitor their portfolio. And I think they're a mirror good manager and they're performing similar to other good managers in the country.
Joe Margolis: It's a difficult question to answer, Michael, because there's not a lot of clarity as to how some of the real small folks are behaving. Really don't know what their occupancy rate sensors are until, they want to sell it and you can take a look at their financials. In general, when we see smaller operators either, because they want us to take over management of their stores or because they're putting their store for sale, we can do better than they can. It's just as simple as that. We can run the stores better, we can throw them up more, and we can get higher rates. And I don't think that has changed at all because of COVID. If anything, I think maybe because more customers are now accessing stores through the web, our advantages may have improved.
Joe Margolis: Yes. So, I can't really talk about capital status. The question I would ask, right -- it's a great question. What percentage are you? But, I can't really talk about that because I want to talk about part valuation of the portfolio. But if you think about self storage in a $53 a square foot number, it will tell you, we're in a pretty secure, very secure part of the capital stack. So...
Joe Margolis: So, there is about $100 million dollar first, there's our piece, and then there's a junior mezz of about $82 million, and then there's the equity. So, our loan to value is much lower than a traditional mezz where you would expect to see a higher interest rate.
Joe Margolis: I would not say, we seen an increased competition from valet during the pandemic. We've not observed that.
Joe Margolis: We're an active acquirer every year of storage, and because of that, we're brought and we see every opportunity in the market. We underwrite them all. We look hard at them and we think that we can acquire in a creative fashion, we'll try to execute, and if not, we'll let it go. So, I feel confident saying that, we see and analyze everything that's out there.
Joe Margolis: It's much less than the 47%. I'm looking at the states now. I don't have a number for you. We can get back.
Joe Margolis: Yes. So, macro data is always interesting. But it's important to remember that we're in a very, very micro market business. So, you know the facts, it's much more interesting where the stores are going than how many of them are going. So, if development turns off in a market that has been over supplied, that marker will recover, even if the macro data shows development is in other markets. So we see them macro data that's available it is a little overstated. It is also subject to delays. Even in non-COVID years. There's been substantial delays, I think they don't take projects off their list to get killed as quickly as they could. It's not a criticism. It's hard information we get. But I'm not disagreeing with your point that we're still in the development cycle, there still are going to be projects that are going to be delivered and it's still something we're going to have to operate through in many markets.
Joe Margolis: I think it's going to be a gradual decline in deliveries across all markets is supposed to develop, it's going to fall off a cliff and there'll be no more development anymore.
Joe Margolis: Yes, so thank you everyone for your interest. As I said earlier, we have some headwinds. We're battling through them. We will control, we can control and focus our efforts on enhancing shareholder value, regardless of what gets thrown at us. I hope everyone in their families are well. We will get through this and we want a better time soon. Thank you very much.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Joe, and hello everyone. All of our properties are open and have been fully operating since May. We modified our stores by adding plexiglass partitions, stantions to direct the flow of traffic and sanitation stations to provide a safer experience for our customers and our employees. These updates have been effective and as demand started to pick up through the quarter. Our rentals rebounded improving from a negative 35% year-over-year delta in April to a positive 4% rental growth rate in June. Vacates for the quarter were approximately 17% lower year-over-year, resulting in strong occupancy growth, which went from a negative 60 basis point year-over-year gap at the end of April to a positive 100 basis point gap at the end of the quarter. At the end of July, this has expanded to 150 basis points. However, this increased occupancy came at a price. Our average achieved rate for the quarter was down approximately 17%. and as Joe mentioned, our quarter end occupancy was inflated by 150 basis points from non-paying customers. In May, we restarted our collection efforts, which have been successful. Accounts receivable less than 60 days have dropped back to historical levels; however, due to the delayed auctions and in key states such as California, New Jersey and New York, we are still working accounts receivable greater than 60 days through the system. Today, accounts receivable greater than 60 days as a percentage of rental income are running approximately 325 basis points higher than historical levels, and we have recognized a loss on aged accounts receivable based on estimated collections. All of these factors together with temporarily pausing existing customer rate increases in March, April and May will continue to drag on revenue growth in the back half of the year. While street rates and rental activity have improved significantly, it will take time for the impact of May and June's lower achieved rates to flow through to revenue. And we do not anticipate positive same-store revenue growth in the second half of the year. While we are being proactive with controlling expenses to offset lower revenue, we will continue to have expense pressure from payroll, property taxes and marketing expense. Property level performance will continue to be challenged in the back half of the year, but we are finding success in other parts of the business and have strengthened our balance sheet. We continue to find ways to grow externally and to accretively deploy capital in the self storage space. We have closed 52 million in bridge loans year-to-date with another $170 million under agreement to close in 2020 and 2021. In July, we purchased a $103 million senior mezzanine note at a discount with an anticipated yield to maturity of 6.1%. Our third-party management platform provides capital light growth, providing management fees and tenant insurance driving non same-store income. We are also vigilantly pursuing acquisition opportunities and will act swiftly when we identify transactions that we believe add value to our shareholders. We continue to strengthen our balance sheet with the addition of a new $300 million revolving credit facility and the closing of a $425 million private placement transaction during the quarter. Funds from the private placement transaction will be taken through delayed draw to pay-off our convertible notes and will increase our weighted-average debt maturity. As Joe mentioned, we haven't been immune to the impact of COVID-19 and the pandemic has had and will continue to have an adverse impact on our business. That said, it is good to be in storage and our company is well-positioned to navigate the current landscape. Our team has a track record of consistent high-level execution, and we will continue to find ways to provide value to our shareholders regardless of the economic climate. With that, let's turn it over to Oran to start our Q&A.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Rick. So our bad debt has historically run at 1.6% to 1.8% of our revenue. During the quarter, our bad debt expense was about 50% higher than that. And that primarily has to do with the older accounts receivable and the things that have gone to auction. Our policy is to reserve for the majority of all accounts receivable that are 90 days or more past due. So much of what's in the 60 days and certainly almost all of what's in the 90 days or more past due has already flown through bad debt.
Scott Stubbs: So, we would -- I think July will be a little bit higher, but we would expect it to normalize going forward. And what we're basing that on is, if you look at our zero to 68 ARs, they're backing historical norms, they're not continuing to grow. So assuming that continues, that trend continues those 0 to 60 become your 60 plus, if they were not paying. And so, the fact that they've gone back to historical norms, hopefully, everything else goes back to historical norms from here. So by the end of July, you've recognized majority of your bad debt related to this.
Scott Stubbs: Todd, our recoveries have actually been slightly better than the historical norm. No. We'll see if that continues, but that's been our experience so far on the auctions that have happened.
Scott Stubbs: Some of these people might just be choosing not to pay and so they may just be paying late versus having a true problem. I don't know for sure. That's some of our speculation.
Scott Stubbs: So first of all, I think just to clarify one thing that AR the majority of that has a large majority of that has already been written off. So you basically reserved for it in the second quarter, once they hit that 60 to 90 days, especially the 90-day accounts receivable have been reserved for. So we don't expect that to be a negative in the third quarter to the degree it was in the second quarter. We do expect those units coming back online to be a potential headwind for us.
Scott Stubbs: I mean, we always hope for and we have confidence in our team in our systems that we're going to get every dollar we can optimize performance, but I would tell you there's enough uncertainties in macro economy and other factors that we can't say for certain now.
Scott Stubbs: Samir, the other thing I would maybe add there is, they're not necessarily additive in a normal year, but in a year like this, where they are going to be below average, if you have certain states that either don't allow them or allow them to a limited amount, it does make it difficult to continue to grow your revenues, especially for customers who came in at a level significantly below street rate. It's difficult for us to move them more quickly to the average rate there.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So, the payroll cost comes, the pressure on payroll comes more from a tough count from last year. Our payroll was actually very low last year in wonderful quarters, I believe we were negative. So, it’s the tough comps, is the main comment there. In terms of what we're looking at and, we think our managers are important, we think they're an important part of the sales process. We're always looking for opportunities to go touch less and deliver our customers the product in the manner that they would like to consume it. So, the example I would give you is pre-COVID. I think most people enjoyed working with a manager like their managers they were very successful in leasing units. Since this has happened, we've gone to a touch less process where your Managers are involved via telephone. And we have expanded that even further where they can do a complete rental online at 3 am with no manager involvement, and that's at, I believe, about 1200 of our stores as of today. So we continue to evolve that.
Scott Stubbs: So I'll clarify in my remarks. I didn't mean to give the impression we are more actively pursuing acquisitions. We're always pursuing acquisitions. We're always looking for ways to smartly grow this company. And we're lucky to be in a great capital position where we have plenty of capital of all different sorts to pursue any acquisition that we think makes sense. The acquisition market has been somewhat muted in terms of things coming to the market and particularly things that seem to make sense for us. But we're always trying to find smart ways to present a good risk profile for us to grow the Company. So whether that's acquisitions, acquisitions adventures, reinvesting in our existing properties through expansions, a bridge loans, buying the mezz loan that we just bought. We're just going to try to be smart allocators of capital So I don't think pricing has moved for stabilized properties, and there's not a ton of cost out there, but if you have a stabilized self storage asset, it's going to attract in a good market. It's going to attract they're very low cap rate because people understand the stability of cash flow that comes from the self storage assets, rates are low and the alternatives are, are not as good. So I think, cap rates are still low. What is much more difficult to say is on a lease of asset. One’s view of the Cap rate depends on one's view of the timing and rate on which you can lease up that store and people can have very, very different views of what that is. And I would say pricing is uncertain.
Scott Stubbs: We did not -- let me just kind of give you a little history of the rates through the quarter and how they progressed. Negative 10% in April, negative 20% in May, misses are achieved rates, negative 16% in June, and then July and achieved rates were effectively flat. Now, that sounds great if you don't put that in context, and the context I would give you is 1 July was an easy comp. Last year, we actually dropped rates in July to increase our occupancy. And then two we've seen a shift in channel in July, where we've seen more tenants coming walking in and renting an effective through our highest camp, it's a highest price channel. So we're encouraged by July and especially the trend of going from being so negative in May to being flat in July, but I think that probably helps that will context there.
Michael Bilerman: And then you said the yield on the mezz was in the five with a six one yield to maturity. Where you stand within the capital stack? And if you could talked a little bit about the per square foot sort of value, but can talk about the capital structure that the yield -- and I recognize rates are low, but they yield for mezz seems light. So maybe you can just talk through the dynamics a little bit.
Michael Bilerman: Right, 82 of junior. So this thing's got to fall pretty dramatically for you to be in ownership position versus just getting repaid.
Michael Bilerman: I certainly would want them to come into my home, but I just didn't know whether there was just given the movement of people, whether that was being used by others.
