Spencer Kirk: Hello, everyone. As many of you know, last month, I announced that I will be retiring at the end of the year and that I will be succeeded by our Chief Investment Officer, Joe Margolis. I have had the opportunity to work with Joe for more than 18 years. He was instrumental in structuring our first JV with Prudential in 1998. He served on our Board of Directors for more than a decade and he has excelled in his role as our Chief Investment Officer. He has the right balance of real estate expertise and leadership skills to lead Extra Space in its continued growth and success. So at this time, I would like to turn the time over to Joe.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Scott. This is my final earnings call as the CEO of Extra Space. I have enjoyed working with each of you and I am grateful for the relationships and friendships that have been developed over the years. Going forward, I will continue to be actively involved as a member of the board and I will remain the company’s largest individual shareholder. My interests are perfectly aligned with those of our shareholders. Thinking back 7.5 years ago when I took over as CEO, it wasn’t about my predecessor Ken Woolley, and today, it isn’t about Spence Kirk. It’s always been about our constant and capable executive team, which has an average tenure of 14 years. I am 100% comfortable that Joe Margolis is the right person at the right time to lead this very strong team. Our unique structure and our ability to execute a clear business strategy has allowed us to be among the fastest growing REITs in the nation. None of that changes with this transition. Over the last 5 years, we have profitably acquired over $5 billion of real estate. These acquisitions alone would constitute one of the largest storage companies in the nation. When you combine that kind of external growth with the industry’s best operating platform, which just delivered its 24th consecutive quarter of double-digit FFO growth, Extra Space is well positioned to continue to deliver outsized growth for years to come. With that, let’s turn it over to Jeff to start the Q&A.
Spencer Kirk: First thing I would do is we always tell people to be careful looking at rentals and vacates. It depends a little bit on what happened last year. We focus more on occupancy and revenue growth. I would tell you demand is so solid. We are very near our record high occupancy for this time of year. Last year was our best year ever. So while we are slightly below last year, it’s still very solid. We are still seeing rate growth in our street rates. For the quarter, we grew 6% to 7%. And we continue to push those here into the fourth quarter.
Spencer Kirk: So I will answer the second piece. We have a row flow in all of our joint ventures, but that was not the triggering factor here. We have done five transactions with four different joint ventures, all managed by Prudential. Each venture is run by a different portfolio manager, has a different strategy and the catalyst for the transaction in each case was different. In some case, we had an unsolicited offer for a property that we didn’t want to sell. That started the discussion. In another case, the portfolio manager wanted to change up his geographical diversification and wanted to sell a bunch of properties, primarily in California. From our standpoint though, the similarity in each venture was that we had embedded promote in the venture that we could not get to without a capital transaction. So we restructured – earlier this year, we restructured two of the accounts without a capital transaction and realized over $40 million in promote. And then in the purchases we have done from the two single client accounts, the sales proceeds to the venture would be sufficient to satisfy the accrued preferred return, pay down some capital and put us in a position going forward where we will be cash flow promoted in the ventures.
Spencer Kirk: I think the picture looks pretty much the same to us. We see increasing supply from a period where there was very little supply. The markets that we see supply are the markets that have limited barriers to entry, primarily. Many markets in California and others don’t – we don’t see that supply. Maybe a new market we are starting to focus on will be Austin, Texas. But overall, supply – we are in a development cycle. We are seeing increased supply. We are seeing in some instances, it affects our operations. In some instances, it doesn’t, but it doesn’t – we, on a portfolio level, we still perceive it to be at a manageable, moderate level.
Spencer Kirk: By the way Jeremy, it’s Spencer. One of the things you need to know is just because a macro market might have a lot of supply, it doesn’t necessarily mean that it’s going to impact certain individual sites. A lot of noise has been made about South Florida and Miami. Well, this past quarter, our revenues were up 6.8% and NOI was up 7.3%. So there can be new supply in Miami, but apparently today it’s not having any impact that’s discernible on our property level performance, because those sites aren’t within a three mile or four mile or five mile radius of our current operations. So it all depends as you look at across the country, the impact of supply.
Spencer Kirk: Yes. So year-to-date, we have had 150 bps per quarter. So Q1 to Q2, Q2 to Q3, it’s been 150 bps per quarter, that’s coming off of all-time highs, record NOI growth. I would tell you, the rate of decline has slowed from the second going into the third quarter. So it was fairly steep and then later in the third quarter, it is absolutely slow.
Spencer Kirk: I would tell you it’s tough by market, because every market is a little bit different. Some markets, it truly is new supply. Other markets, it’s that we have grown 15% for 2 years in a row. We wouldn’t expect to grow 15% again next year. So, Denver is a combination of supply plus Denver in 2014 grew double-digits, 2015, double-digits, 2016, it’s now – in this quarter went slightly negative. So, it varies by market, but overall, you are coming off of record highs. It’s just the timing of when you are coming off of those.
Spencer Kirk: I think that’s probably fair. The one thing we do have like you mentioned is the governors. So what governs that is street rates. So, as street rates are increasing, you do have the ability to increase existing customers also. But if street rates aren’t moving then your existing customers won’t be getting rate increases at some point also.
Spencer Kirk: Well, thank you very much for asking that question, because we always talk about development as a risk to our business. Well, development also provides an opportunity for us. And if you look at our supplements and see how our CofO assets are leasing up, you can get an idea of what good investments those are going to be and the value those are going to add to our shareholders. And also on the managed side, as you point out, the vast, vast majority of our incoming – our pipeline of managed stores are new developments. So, we will be able to grow that platform. We are growing it this year even though we had some sales out of the management plus platform and be able to continue to grow that business both as a revenue generator, a source of additional data and a pipeline for future acquisitions.
Spencer Kirk: Well, sellers always have unrealistic expectations and I think they still have unrealistic expectations. But to the point of your question, we feel that the cap rate compression has stopped and that things are still trading at very healthy prices, but perhaps there is fewer bidders and there is not as much pressure on pricing. We I think through this period, we have done a good job of being realistic and disciplined in our underwriting and because of that, we have not been successful with widely marketed deals. Only about 12% of the deals we have accrued this year in our real estate community were from a broker. Everything else came through some type of relationship or off-market transaction. So, we have not changed our underwriting. We continue to try to be disciplined. And I think we are going to continue to be largely unsuccessful in the bid auction market until there is a significant change.
Spencer Kirk: I wouldn’t – I think we have always had a very strong pipeline of CofO deals and we see – storage is still very, very healthy business and folks who have not been in storage before want to get into storage and want to be developers and approach us in a pretty consistent basis. So, I think the pipeline is still strong and we are very selective both in terms of who we want the developers to be and which projects we want to commit to in terms of what else is being developed in that area.
Spencer Kirk: Yes. So, year-over-year, current year about 58% of our new customers received a discount compared to last year it was 47% of our new customers. Now that can be a little misleading sometimes because it’s going to depend on which discount they receive. So even though fewer customers last year received a discount, it’s possible you could have given more discounts if you gave a larger discount, but that is – we are still – majority of our customers coming in the door are getting the discount as they come in.
Spencer Kirk: So discounts, assuming all things were equal, 7% increase in asking rates would be a 7% increase in discounts. I would tell you, they are slightly higher than that, because we have increased the percentage of customers getting the discount. And then we have also – depending on the market, depending on occupancy, we will continue to change discounts offered, the specific discount offered. But it’s not significantly higher, but it is higher and it is affecting your net rental income.
Spencer Kirk: Yes. Our street rate growth for October is slightly lower than where it was in the third quarter. So you are mid-5s – in street rate growth mid to upper-5s depending on kind of the time. Discounts are pretty similar to what they were in the third quarter, up slightly. But – the reason we are adjusting discounts and pricing is obviously to try to recoup some of the occupancy that we were down.
Spencer Kirk: Yes. I would tell you in terms of the levers, the majority of our growth the end of last year and all of this year has been street rate growth. Existing customer rate increases don’t add a lot, but it is almost entirely rate growth. That has been offset slightly by discounts and bad debt has increased dominantly also.
Spencer Kirk: I would tell you, we are reverting back to that historical average of 4% to 5%. And I think as a company that’s obviously our belief, you are going to have times that’s above that, They are not going to be way above. And there is times you are going to be below that and they are not going to be way below. It’s the beauty of self-storage that it is a fairly stable property type.
Spencer Kirk: Any market that’s shown softness in terms of occupancy or rate, we will typically increase the discounts. As we look at the leverage we have to pool, you are going to look first to increase your spend on the web. The last thing that you want to do is decrease your rate. So in terms of magnitude, you will difficultly increase your spend on the web. You will increase your discounts or you will change your rate and you typically want to do them in that order, because of the costs, long-term costs or benefit.
Spencer Kirk: Yes. We have done quite a bit in terms of research on the valet storage, and we don’t see it as an imminent threat. We understand it a lot. We have done deliveries with companies. We have done click-throughs to see if they choose them over us. And right now, based on the way it’s priced, we do not see it as a major threat. The only thing we have is the ability to get into that business fairly quickly. We have the real estate. We have the customer list, so not a huge threat at this time.
Spencer Kirk: No, we are not okay with not producing – that’s too many negatives, sorry. Our goal – we are very focused on producing double-digit FFO growth, both through acquisitions and all the other levers we have to pull that are – to do that whether that’s as we talked about restructuring our ventures, our management plus platform. We will add over 9,000 units this year through expansions or combats where we have turned 10 by 10 to 5 by 5. So we are very focused on that goal.
Spencer Kirk: Yes. It depends on what we are doing with street rates, but they are typically low to mid single-digits and they can get as bad as high single-digits, right now you are more in low to mid with the fact that you have been pushing your street rates.
Spencer Kirk: So, the deal we just announced with [indiscernible], where we dissolved that joint venture and purchased 23 assets, the forward 12 cap rate on that was a 5.8. So that gives you a sense of that.
Spencer Kirk: Yes. So, SmartStop compared to our underwriting assumptions all year has been outperforming in terms of revenue growth. It continued to outperform in revenue growth. Our problem has been on the expense side, where we have been spending higher than our original projections. In the quarter, the expenses continued to be – well, didn’t continue, they actually came in right on budget and our revenues continued to be – continued higher. We actually were about $1.1 million ahead for the quarter for SmartStop alone in NOI.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, percentage wise, we give about – was one-twelfth basically, because we are raising rents every month, but we give about 80,000 rental increases every single month.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, some people don’t stay the full year though, so some people yet get that and get both and other people don’t get that. They just get the first. And some people don’t get it.
Spencer Kirk: About 10% of our customers actually get them every single month is where it turns out to be. So it’s slightly higher than one-twelve…
Spencer Kirk: So I would tell you, from a property tax perspective, it will be above inflation. I mean, the last couple of years we have seen 4% to 6%. We expect that again next year. We hope to be able to grow less than inflation in some of the other areas by some of the things we are doing. So hopefully, that will offset some of it. But in terms of marketing, hopefully as we grow, we will certainly experience of the size and scale benefit. So we hope to keep that somewhere in the inflationary.
Spencer Kirk: I would tell you there is a couple of things for us, one is hopefully it decreases our average cost of debt. And then two hopefully, it extends out the average length of maturity. In terms of whether or not that increases the value, I think that will leave that to the investors and the analysts.
Spencer Kirk: Yes. So there are a lot of numbers out there, Gwen. It’s Spencer. And if you look back over the last 10-plus years, it’s hard to get an exact read on this because you got some occupancy gains and other things mixed in there. But some numbers that I have used in the past for the 10-year average for this group, this storage sector, operator specifically, the NOI growth has been about 5.3%. That’s a very healthy report card in the world of REITs by any measure. Extra Space has done a little bit better than that. We have averaged about 6.7% over that 10-plus year period and the last quarter we just reported was 7.8%. We are still way above the historical norm. And you can pull out some of occupancy and other things that might be inflating some of those numbers, but my personal opinion is not only today, but going forward storage will be amongst the best, if not the best performing asset class. So yes, we have seen some deceleration. I am personally a little surprised at the negativity, but I have a high degree of confidence that storage and Extra Space, in particular are going to put up excellent results by any measure in the world of REITs and I don’t think any of that changes. So reverting to maybe more normal historical trends, it’s still impressive.
Spencer Kirk: I would have to get back with you on that. For me to shoot off the hip won’t be the right thing to do.
Spencer Kirk: Again, this is very heartfelt. It’s been a pleasure working with each of you. Thank you for making the last 7.5 years so enjoyable. I appreciate your support and interest in Extra Space and we look forward to next quarter’s call.
Joe Margolis: Thank you, Spencer. Good afternoon, everybody. It has been great to meet with many of you face-to-face since we announced Spencer’s retirement, and I look forward to getting to know you better through future interactions. It was another strong quarter for Extra Space. FFO per share as adjusted grew 26% year-over-year. This growth was the result of more than solid operating performance. It was also fueled by accretive acquisitions, joint ventures, third-party management and an optimized balance sheet. We are focused on using all of these levers to continue to grow shareholder value. Operationally, we continued to push rates to new and existing customers in the quarter and experienced average street rate growth of approximately 7%, similar to 2015. This growth was partially offset by an increase in bad debt and discounts, which resulted in same-store revenue growth of 6.1%. Discounts, while still very low from our historical measure, are up from an all-time low in 2015. Expenses increased only 1.4%, which led to NOI growth of 7.8%. Quarter end occupancy was strong at 93%. Year-to-date, we have acquired $825 million in wholly-owned stores. With very few exceptions, these acquisitions were not broadly marketed but came from our JV, managed and other relationships. The largest of the off-market transactions closed on September 16 when we purchased Prudential’s majority interest in 23 stores for $238 million. Concurrently, we sold our minority interest to Prudential and the remaining 42 stores in the joint venture for $35 million. We will continue to manage these stores. In addition, we are under agreement with the JV partner to purchase its majority interest in 11 stores for approximately $153 million. We plan to close this transaction in the fourth quarter, which will result in wholly-owned acquisitions of $1 billion in 2016. We also expect to close $255 million in CofO acquisitions in 2016. $90 million of these will be wholly owned and the remainder will be in joint ventures with our investment in these ventures totaling $53 million. Our JV strategy and our CofO program are working and are creating value year in and year out. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Joe Margolis: The New York is a little bit of a mystery to us. It’s a good market. There is some development coming online. The saturation is extremely low. Perhaps, it’s a market where valet is making a little bit of an inroad, but we have a hard time understanding and predicting the New York market right now.
Joe Margolis: Our view is that deceleration is going to moderate and flatten out and we are going to revert to more normal rates of growth, self storage normal, which historically has been higher than other property types, so we are already feeling that and that’s what we expect.
Joe Margolis: I think what we are seeing is just the cyclicality of markets. If you – we did a study, we looked at almost 90 markets over a 10-year period. And one thing you see is that markets are strong and then markets are less strong. And they are not correlated and they move in all different directions. Our number one market for 10-year NOI growth is Chicago, which is now one of our weaker markets. So we fully expect to see markets like Sacramento be very strong for few years and then perhaps be not as strong. One of our markets now that we reported is a weaker market is Boston. Boston is not a market that’s been impacted by a lot of supply, but it’s just – it’s kind of in that cyclical pattern that we see. So we are very happy to have designed a portfolio that is highly, highly diversified across many, many markets that will smooth out ups and downs of individual markets.
Joe Margolis: Yes. We see that across all markets, that a fairly sizable percentage of planned projects do not get built because of local opposition, increasing construction costs, difficulty getting financing, land costs, whatever it is. But that being said, there are projects being added to the funnel and a good portion of them get – don’t make it to the funnel, but there are still more projects getting added to the funnel. So I think the factors you talked about, it will slow and moderate the development cycle, but not stop it.
Joe Margolis: So we have not seen any changes, if that’s the question. We still have a very small percentage of customers who will actually go get their boxes and move out when they get a rate increase. We continued to – every time we sent out a rent increase, keep a control group and measure the control groups move-out rate against the folks who got the rate increase. I think about 1% of the people move-out. So there has been no change in that. It’s something we continue to monitor and it proves to us that the rate increase program continues to be valuable.
Joe Margolis: It’s tough to predict the future. If you look at a market that has had 15% growth 2 years in a row and had a lot of new supply, I think that it’s probable that, that market is not going to be great next year and you might again…
Joe Margolis: Yes. The other thing to add is, if you look at those three types of acquisitions, they all serve a different purpose, right. The assets we buy from a joint venture partner that we have managed, we have already maximized performance. There is less upside in those assets. But there is also less risk. We know the inside and out. We know exactly what the performance is, there is already branded. So those are kind of our safest, lowest returning assets. The CofO deals, where we are taking full lease up risk, construction risk and we have the period of dilution that Scott mentioned, those are higher returning type deals in return for taking that lease-up risk. And then the deals we buy on market, they span the globe. There is deals – our first year cap rate on acquired deals range from 2.7% to 8%. So that just tells you how much juice there is or lease up or value is out there as in those deals. So, those could be anywhere along the spectrum.
Joe Margolis: So, we try to target – we target 200 basis points over what we believe a stabilized asset – we would buy stabilized asset for in that market. So, we are looking at stabilized cap rates of the 31 CofOs we have approved this year between 6.5 and 10 and that will give you a 7-year cash on cash between high 5s to 8, all un-levered.
Joe Margolis: We really don’t. Talking to some folks who have large exposure in Manhattan in particular, they had a hypothesis that there maybe – that business maybe gaining some traction there, but it’s really just a guess at this point.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Joe. Last night, we reported FFO as adjusted of $1.02 per share exceeding the high end of our guidance by $0.02. Including cost associated with acquisitions and non-cash interest expense, FFO was $1 per share for the quarter. The beat was primarily the result of stronger than anticipated performance from our 2015 acquisitions, specifically SmartStop. We also benefited from the collection of $1 million in business interruption insurance proceeds. As Joe mentioned, our same-store revenue growth was driven by higher rates to new and existing customers. This is consistent with our guidance, which assumed no benefit from occupancy and a headwind from discounts in the second half of 2016. We continue to have solid revenue and NOI growth throughout our diversified portfolio. Our top performing markets in the quarter included Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Sacramento, San Diego and Tampa St. Pete with revenue growth in the high single-digits. The slowest markets were Boston, Chicago, Denver, Houston and Memphis. With the exception of Denver, which represents about 1% of our revenue, all of our markets showed positive revenue growth year-over-year. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we completed a $1.15 billion unsecured credit facility. The facility consists of a $500 million revolving line of credit; a 5-year, $430 million term loan; and a 7-year, $220 million term loan. The credit facility has an accordion feature that allows us to increase total capacity to $1.5 billion. At closing, we drew $300 million on the 5-year tranche and paid off and terminated 3 of our 4 bilateral revolving lines of credit. The 5-year and 7-year tranches have delayed draw features. We will access the remaining available term balances as needed to finance future acquisitions and to pay off debt. This unsecured facility further diversifies our capital structure and reduces our average interest rate. Our goal is to have access to multiple types of capital to [indiscernible] and to maintain financial stability. This credit facility helps accomplish all of these goals. Due to the outperformance of our 2015 acquisitions, we are increasing our annual FFO guidance. FFO as adjusted is now estimated to be $3.78 to $3.80 per share. FFO is now estimated to be $3.63 to $3.65 per share. This guidance includes $0.05 of dilution from our 2015 and 2016 CofO stores. It also includes acquisitions that, as anticipated, will require time to be brought up to our performance standards. As these properties move towards our portfolio average, we expect outsized NOI growth. I will now turn the time back to Spencer.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. First of all, I would tell you we don’t look at our current stock price anytime we make an acquisition decision. It’s not made with a short-term cost of capital in mind. We always look at the long-term costs. So we have always tried to have many sources of capital. And right now, I would tell you that we still do. Debt is an option. We just closed this facility that gives us a fair amount of capacity. The preferred market is still a very good. And our stock price, we don’t like it as much today as we have in the past. But I think that we have always looked to access the cheapest cost of capital, which could also include joint ventures or even proceeds from the sales of properties.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So our discounts are up slightly from where they were. Last year was the kind of bottom, where you – as a percentage of revenues, if you take discounts divided by revenues, you are around 3%. Current year, they have ticked up slightly from there. But they are going to tick up for a couple of things. One is the fact that our rates are up. And then the second thing that affects discounts, obviously, is how many rentals you are doing in that month. With rentals being down slightly, that helps. With rates being up, that hurts. And in addition we are offering slightly more discounts right now to try to compensate a little bit for our drop in occupancy. We ended a quarter about 40 basis points below where we were last year. We would like to pick up a little bit of that going into the slow season here.
Scott Stubbs: Jeremy, I would maybe add one thing to that and that is currently as these properties open, there is demand. If you look in our supplementals and look at the occupancy of our CofO deals, these properties are leasing up extremely quickly. So obviously there is some type of pent-up demand.
Scott Stubbs: I will take the Denver one first and then maybe, Joe, you want to take the New York? The Denver one is actually a property tax increase in expenses and it’s not that the tax of this year went up. It’s a comp from last year where we won an appeal last year and so you had expenses go down, because we got effectively a lower rate or cash back. So, it’s really more of a year-over-year comparison on the expense side than a big increase in expenses.
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you when things are not accretive anymore. So in other words, what you are paying for a property is greater than your cost of capital. So we are very careful in terms of assessing our cost of equity as well as assessing our cost of debt. And trying to look at that long-term and having realistic growth assumptions. But I think that’s what can cause you bigger problems, pricing stays extremely low.
Scott Stubbs: Well, the question is on one tie [ph]. I think I would tell you we are very focused on the long-term cost of capital. That’s going to take into consideration debt as well as equity and it’s going to be the mix of debt and equity. In terms of returns, we are typically a cap rate buyer. We also consider your replacement costs, we also look at IRRs and we also look at cash on cash yields, because we are long-term holder. I think cash on cash is probably the most relevant one that we focused on rather than just looking at the cap rate today or stabilized cap rate, what’s the return because that equalizes – if you look at a 7-year cash-on-cash return on a CofO deal, you now can compare that to how is that cash on cash doing acquisition. So I would tell you we are focused on long-term cost of capital, we are focused on cap rates and cash on and cash yield.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. It’s tough to give you the cash on cash yields, because they vary so much depending on lease up, CofO versus bps. I would tell you JV is more like buying the safe annuity and some of the others are more swinging for the fences, much higher returns.
