Joseph Margolis: Thanks, Jeff. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter call and for your interest Extra Space Storage. We have crossed this year’s midpoint and to date, the year is right in line with our expectations and with our guidance with the exception of some uncontrollable expense items. Revenue is on budget and occupancy continues to strong ending the quarter at 94.2%. We have maintained pricing power during the busy summer leasing season with achieved rates up mid single digits. This led to same-store revenue growth of 4.1%. New supply continues to be at the forefront of most operators and investors minds, and we are certainly focused on it as well. Our view continues to be the same. We are seeing an impact from new supply in certain submarkets and its impact varies by location. We are benefiting from our highly diversified portfolio across primary and secondary markets. This reduces the impact of individual market volatility. In addition, our best-in-class platform continues to drive high-quality traffic to our stores and our proprietary revenue management systems are optimizing price and promotion to convert that traffic to rentals. As I mentioned on our last call, our scale and technology advantages become more apparent in periods of elevated supply. We continue to focus on and invest in our platform to maintain this advantage. These advantages reflect a significant growth in our third-party management platform. We added 42 stores in the second quarter and we are approaching 100 stores year-to-date. Between our third-party and JV programs, we now manage 700,stores which continues to be the largest in the business. We’re happy to report that Inside Self-Storage magazine just named us as the best third-party management company for the seventh year in a row. The acquisitions market continues to be competitive with numerous types of capital seeking exposure to the sector. We have yet to see any expansion in cap rates despite elevated interest rates and supply. We continue to be selective and disciplined in our acquisition efforts. This year, we are primarily sourced accretive acquisition opportunities through existing relationships, rather than in the open bid auction market. In the quarter, we invested $274 million through a combination of wholly-owned and joint venture acquisition, which includes the buyout of a JV partners interest in a 14 property portfolio for $204 million, which we highlighted in our first quarter call. Year-to-date, our acquisitions closed or under contract to close in 2018 totaled just end of our annual guidance of $600 million. Before I turn the time over to Scott, I want to reiterate. Revenue performance year-to-date is solid and exactly as we expected. As we discussed on our last call and as our guidance implies, we knew revenue would be accelerated and elevated discounts would create a headwind in the second and third quarters. We are pleased with our strong late growth in occupancy, which has allowed us to increase our FFO guidance. I will now turn the time over to Scott.
Joseph Margolis: Sure. Our supply outlook hasn’t really changed that much from last quarter. We would expect 2019 to be similar to slightly moderating down from 2018 subject, of course, to things getting delayed and being pushed from – into 2019, which seems to happen a lot in this business, things just don’t deliver on time. So overall, when you look at national numbers, I would expect a similar to slightly down number. But what’s more important is, where the product is being delivered. And we do see a shift in the markets to where folks are concentrating, less people looking, less if any people looking at markets like Dallas and more people looking to secondary market-to-markets, which haven’t yet been impacted as much by new supply.
Joseph Margolis: So it’s hard to have perfect transparency to 2019 or high-level of confidence as you characterize it. But what we do see is our costs are certainly going up, interest is going up, labor is going up, materials, steel is going up. So you have an increased cost basis and we know projects that are being canceled and not pursued because of cost. And you do have moderating although solid fundamentals. So I think, between discipline of some of the developers who’ve been in this business for a while and understand the business and lending some discipline from lenders, and I’m not going to say that there’s discipline all the way across the Board. I think you will have some market forces that moderate development. Certainly, you’ll see that in markets where saturated, right? It’s hard to find – it is that keep using Dallas as the punching bag. But it’s hard to find a site in North Dallas that makes sense now.
Joseph Margolis: Situationally, I think, there’s a lot of local folks who have their local banks who can get loans, but it’s a – it is a factor that’s getting tougher.
Joseph Margolis: So we’re happy with our systems and always never happy with our system. So we’re always seeking to improve, particularly in the world with technology, anytime you standstill, you’re just hoarding duck. So we spend a lot of time and effort trying to improve our models, improve our systems, do many, many different tests to find out how we can maximize revenue, deliver a better product to our customer, and I just think it’s something that we do well and I hope we continue to do well.
Joseph Margolis: So we’re 75 net additions to our third-party management platform through the second quarter, and we expect that pace to continue for the rest of this year. I would not be surprised to see it slowdown in 2019 as about two-thirds of our additions are development. And as development starts to moderate, I would expect, we would feel that in our third-party management platform.
Joseph Margolis: We only had one experience with the customer internalizing its own management that was last year when we lost a large portfolio and we talked about that. Part of the business is that, people will sell their properties or have some type of transition and you will occasionally lose property. So we’ve lost six in the first quarter and we lost two in the second quarter, and that’s just part of the business. I don’t think we’ve seen any trends increase or a different behavior in terms of owners.
Joseph Margolis: So we lost one contract for someone switching to another manager. We were not willing to make the fee concessions necessary to retain that contract. And that happens. To date, that has happened very, very occasionally, but when it happens, that’s part of business.
Joseph Margolis: We continue to see a lot of interest in self-storage investment. I mean, the basic fundamentals of the property type are still very strong with 94% occupancy, positive revenue growth and to the extent, people are concerned about it downturn in the economy. This is an asset class. It performs well in a downturn economy. So there’s a lot of reasons that people are interested in that in this asset class. For that reason, there’s a lot of different types of money from big private equity funds to more local regional people who put together pools of money and looking to invest in asset classes. And it’s our opinion that’s why we haven’t seen the expansion in cap rates is that there’s such a demand for the asset class.
Joseph Margolis: I don’t – to the extent we have moderation in 2019. I don’t think I have anyway to kind of allocate the causes between rising construction costs or tighter lending or just the top line going down. So development yields are getting suppressed. I’m not sure I can divide up those different causes.
Joseph Margolis: So I would tell you that we were hearing about 10% to 15% increases in steel before the tariffs were announced. So we know we have some increases there, labor interest rates. So I think, if you put that all together, you probably have 10% to 15% increases in overall cost, ex land.
Joseph Margolis: So our numbers in San Francisco are really driven by San Jose. So San Jose is weaker than San Francisco and Oakland, which are doing better.
Joseph Margolis: Our pipeline of off-market opportunities is really hard to predict right, because you never know when these opportunities are going to come up. We know that some of our joint ventures that we have are in either finite life funds or funds that we’ll be seeking exit at some point and we hope to have an opportunity to acquire those assets, but there’s no guarantee. But what I can tell you is, if history is any guide, if you look back, we’ve been pretty successful year-after-year-after-year in generating a significant portion of our acquisition pipeline from our relationships either on the management side or on the joint venture side or just our relationships with people we’ve done business with for many, many years. And I don’t see any reason why that shouldn’t continue in the future.
Joseph Margolis: Yes. Our length of stay, Steve, continues to increase mildly or moderately here. So customers are behaving very similar to way they have in the past. Our existing customer rate increases are still high single digits. We continue to do those on a monthly basis. We have a roll down in rates of between 5% to 10% depending on the time of the year similar to what it’s been in the past. And customers are reacting very, very similar to way they have in the past to rate increases and rates in general.
Joseph Margolis: So we’ll – yes. So we’ll typically underwrite – all of these stores had a significant portion of lease up. The C of O stores obviously had 100%, the others were lightly occupied, so still had significantly lease up. So we’ll look at the markets. We’ll determine the rates we believe we can achieve based on what we’re achieving in our stores around what’s coming in the way of development what the local economic situation is. We’ll underwrite those rates. We typically grown at 3%, and we will attach certain discounting to those rates to achieve lease up to economic stabilization. When we underwrite C of O stores, we want to get to an 8, maybe 7.5 to an 8 on stabilization. The yield to us in a joint venture is much higher, it’s in the double digits because of the effect of the joint venture.
Joseph Margolis: No. When we talk about third-party management stores, we talk just about stores we manage whereas the owner owns 100%.
Joseph Margolis: Yes. So we – our goal and our strategy is to maintain to be leverage neutral, to maintain leverage neutrality as we grow. So we need – as we find acquisitions, we need to find ways to capitalize those. And as you point out, as our pipeline grows, our need for capital grows. We will certainly – and as we did tap our ATM or seek equity when we have a need for it, and we also use other sources of capital, for example, sales proceeds. We’ll have some sales, it is used when we use those capital. So equity certainly, is an option for us and when we have a use for it, we’ll consider it.
Joseph Margolis: We have not seen any change in demand from business customers. We think it’s been very steady for many, many, many years. So we don’t expect to change in 2019. We also and maybe this is different between us and our peers. We like the retail customers better than the business customers. The business customers can drive high bar gains. They’re difficult to raise rents on. And if we can fill our stores to to 94% and maintaining our current percentage of business customers, we’re very happy with.
Joseph Margolis: Thank you. Thanks to everyone for joining us today. We are pleased with our ability to drive rental rates and occupancy in the face of heightened new competition. 2018 is following our expectations. In our diversified portfolio, investment class platform are performing well. We continue to execute our strategy to combine steady property level NOI performance with consistent external growth to produce strong FFO growth per share. Thank you, and I hope everyone enjoys the remainder of this summer.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Joe, and hello, everyone. Last night, we reported core FFO for the quarter of $1.15 per share, exceeding the high-end of our guidance by $0.01. The beat was primarily due to stronger than expected tenant reinsurance income. Rental rates to new customers continue to be strong. Throughout the quarter, our achieved rental rate was up approximately 5% to 6% year-over-year. As expected, and as discussed on our last call, discounts as a percentage of revenue were also up, partially offsetting revenue growth. We anticipate elevated discounting levels to continue in the third quarter. Discounts should taper off later in the year reducing the impact on fourth quarter revenue growth. Our guidance included outsized expense growth in the first-half of 2018 due to negative expense comps in the first and second quarters of 2017. Same-store expenses were up 4.9% in the second quarter, which was in line with our forecast with the exception of property taxes. We had three properties receive unbudgeted tax increases for 2016, 2017 and 2018 that totaled $872,000. Without the impact of these three stores, expense growth for the quarter would have been 3.5%. We continue to execute our balance sheet strategy to increase our percentage of unsecured debt and the size of our unencumbered pool and prudently ladder our maturities. During the quarter, we announced a 10-year $300 million private placement, which was funded on July 17. We also negotiated better terms for a number of existing secured loans, which lowered rates, extended maturity date and reduced maturity concentrations in 2020. Subsequent to the quarter-end, we sold $34 million on our ATM at an average price of $99.75 per share. The decision to access the ATM was based on lower than expected OP unit issuance, as well as last quarter’s increase in acquisitions guidance. We’ve updated our guidance in annual assumptions for 2018. We raised the bottom-end of our same-store revenue guidance by 25 basis points to be 3.75% to 4.25%. We’ve increased the top-end and the bottom-end of our same-store expense growth by 50 basis points to 4% to 4.75% due to uncontrollable expenses in the first few quarters. The changes to revenue expense guidance results in unchanged same-store NOI guidance of 3.25% to 4.5%. We’ve increased our core FFO guidance to be $4.60 to $4.67 per share. In 2018, we anticipate $0.06 of dilution from value-add acquisitions and an additional $0.15 of dilution from C of O stores for a total dilution of $0.21. Our investment in C of O stores and value-add acquisitions continue to improve the quality of our portfolio and generate long-term growth for our shareholders. With that, let’s turn it over to Jeff to start our Q&A.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So, Juan, it’s Scott. So if you look at our guidance and you look at kind of how we’re looking at the year, I think, our top line revenue growth kind of ignoring discounts for a second here. Our top line revenue growth implies deceleration throughout the year. So we’ve implied that in our guidance, we’ve talked about that. The impact of discounts are going to be larger in the second and third quarter with that impact moderating into the fourth quarter. So you could potentially see the fourth quarter be slightly higher year-over-year than the third quarter. So that’s kind of the current year. I’m not sure we’re ready to give 2019 guidance, but that’s our outlook for the current year.
Scott Stubbs: Comparable to slightly higher. You have summer months, we typically don’t discount as months as much and in this quarter, you really have July and August, where last quarter you had May and June, but typically more rentals in July and August.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Smedes, this is Scott. This was actually kind of a unique situation, where a school board challenged the valuation that was put on by the local municipality and obviously had a negative impact on us. That affected 2016, 2017 and 2018. In terms of prior years, the risk on this happening in this situation to other properties is not an issue, it’s the statutes of running that. We constantly are looking at reassessment. This was one that went against us, it happens occasionally. But I wouldn’t tell you the risk is any greater today than it has been in the past. More often than not, we win appeals and we have these types of surprises.
Scott Stubbs: So our current year increase, I would tell you, is attributable not so much to wage rate pressure, it’s attributable more to the fact that our benefits saw from outside growth this year. Our health insurance and benefits increased faster than they have in the past. And then the second thing I would attribute it to is a very tough comp. Last year through two quarters, we were negative 2% on payroll. So if you kind of look at it on a two-year rolling number, it’s pretty much inflationary. Our healthcare has not gone up for several years. So we experience an outsize this year. We hope to be able to control more than inflationary number.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, the two or three areas that we – I would kind of point you to. One is, I think, you’ll continue to have some pressure on property taxes just with valuations where they are, municipalities reassessing things. So property taxes are always risk. Our insurance – our property insurance is going up also. You’ll see an increase in the back-half of this year. We renewed it at the 1st of June, and that’s due to the fact that we’ve actually been kept a very low for several years and with the hurricane year that we had last year it went up. But overall, I think, we hope to keep things inflationary with property taxes probably being the biggest risk and then the current year bump in that insurance.
Scott Stubbs: It was actually combined. So it was stores that were in lease up, as well as some stores made a Certificate of Occupancy So the stores that were in lease up have been open between one and two years. So it’s all one joint venture investment.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So from our perspective, as we gave guidance this year, we looked at OP unit issuance. It was coming in a little bit light. Clearly, we want to issue equity when we feel like we’re appropriately priced. This year, we will sell an asset here in the third quarter that is one that’s going to go for a very below market cap rate. It’s a higher and better used situation. So our issue, we’re up against today is, we’re trying to balance cash on hand with the equity needs. And so at this point, we felt like this was the best way to do it and remain leverage neutral.
