Spencer Kirk: Good afternoon, everyone. We started the year with record high occupancies. And the question was asked, how hard can Extra Space push street rates? Well, street rates were up nearly 5% on average for the quarter. On top of this strong rate increases, discounts decreased by an average of 18% and aided by limited new supply occupancies still climb to 160 basis points to 92.4%. These factors contributed to NOI growth of 9.9% for the quarter and FFO year-over-year growth of 26%. In addition, we raised the dividends 17.5%. It was another solid result for Extra Space. Now, I’d like to turn the time over to Scott.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Scott. August 12th will mark 10 years for Extra Space as public company. That has been an excellent run. We went public with 136 locations and today we have nearly 1,100. I want to take a moment to thank our investors, our management team and most importantly our employees. It’s a great time to be in storage. With the distinct on the Internet when it comes to customer acquisition and with muted supply, we see continued opportunity for double-digit FFO growth. Our job as the management team is to increase FFO and enhance shareholder value. This quarter’s 26% FFO growth marks 15 consecutive quarters of double-digit gains. Now, let’s turn the call over to Clint to start the Q&A session.
Spencer Kirk: Christy, great question. Philosophically, what we’re trying to do is maximize revenue. We obviously like where the occupancy is. I don’t know how much higher you could go in a peak season. We feel this quarter we have pushed rates as much as reasonable and rational. We are coming into the shoulder season. And we need to recognize that holding on to our occupancy gains is going to be a primary focal point for us. To maybe to put a little color into it, I can tell you with at the end of June, the rates were up just about 7%. So as we started at the beginning of the year, we were holding the rates down to build occupancy. As we came into a busy season, we pushed rates hard and we also got 160 basis points of occupancy gain and this will come full cycle as we come into the latter half of this year where we’re going to maybe moderate some of the push for rate to maintain the occupancy.
Spencer Kirk: It’s an excellent question. First of all, if you look at the aggregators in the space they play a roll. For Extra Space, I can tell you that our cost per acquisition, the CPA using an aggregator is considerably higher than our own internal cost per acquisition. So we do not use other aggregators to drive our business. Google has entered other business sectors. They very well could enter the storage sector. Obviously, that would change many of the rules. But if Google becomes the source, what we would do is tell Google, the profile of the customer we want them to go after. Hence, my statement many, many times the single most valuable asset this company owns is now its data. And with that data I think working with a company like Google, we would still probably be in a preferential position because we would have the knowledge to direct Google specifically to the higher value customers that would fit best with what we’re doing.
Spencer Kirk: It’s a great question. I would say on the margin, David, if I could use an example, I think Seattle might be a reasonable place to say we’ve had some really strong success up there. We don’t like to push out customers. What we don’t want to do is push so hard that the customer that has been with you for several years who has had multiple existing customer rate increases walks out the door. So it’s not so much trading vacancy at the frontend. It’s with your existing customers where you’d be pushing the rate to create the vacancy. I don’t know if that helps.
Spencer Kirk: I can’t foresee that. Anything’s possible. But I think we’re on a revenue management system working pretty well in a coordinated fashion to make sure that the street rate and the existing customer rates are where they need to be to optimize revenue not only at a snapshot in time but over a protracted period.
Spencer Kirk: Yes. So when Scott talks about dilution, you look at the total FFO that we might produce in a year and we say, what percent would we tolerate. And it’s kind of in that 2% to 3%. What we don’t want to do is go back to the days which is why we are not going back into full-blown development. I’ll take any ambiguity out of that. Because as a public company, we never got credit for the developmental pipeline and the drag of the development had on our earnings. And we think we can bring a lot of new product to market using a different methodology. And that’s with the C of O deal where we’ve pushed off a lot of the risk – two of the three risk elements that Scott addressed. And even perhaps with the joint venture partner have much of this, for all intents and purposes, be off balance sheet. So for us, we think this is a way to refresh our portfolio, participate in some of the new product that will come to market. What we offer is a win-win. The developer with local expertise can do things that we never were able to do. They have contacts and relationships in their local markets that we cannot replicate. On the other hand, we have a platform that once that property is built, that developer can never replicate. It’s beyond their ability. And it creates a symbiotic relationship where we both win. And we march forward with a mutually beneficial transaction.
Spencer Kirk: Existing footprint, Todd, is very important to us as we look at these opportunities. We don’t want to go to indoor market where we have no operational scale and where we don’t have the infrastructure to support it.
Spencer Kirk: Okay, Tayo, this is a really important thematic piece. Storage is a great business, and we can take one of our worst performing markets today, DC and the NOI is still a very respectable 5.0% for that order. So if you were talking any other asset class, you’d say, great job guys. And that’s one of the worst we have. So the themes of merit supply and dominance on the Internet still play out. And we’re very comfortable that this is going to be a solid year in 2014 for Extra Space and for the other larger more sophisticated operators. Nothing has change. And I think there has been some concern about a pullback and of course there’s going to be some seasonality to our business. But in terms of the fundamentals of the business, it’s strong, it’s healthy and DC is just a nice point of illustration to say a poor performing asset is still 5% NOI.Tayo Okusanya – Jefferies & Company: Great. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: It depends completely on the product as Scott said, the size, the market, the square foot per capita and a host of issues that would cost let me say, Dave [ph], I’m not even going to speculate. I’m going to tell you that we’re going to underwrite it to the best of our ability to prognosticate and we’ll see what the result is.Dave Bragg – Green Street Advisors: Okay. But all of those things equal is your process better? Is your data better? I’m looking to understand if this will provide you an advantage as compared to others looking at similar deals.
Spencer Kirk: We think it’s better. I think the major difference for us is there’s less new supply today than when we were developing. I mean, there’s a significant difference in the amount of properties coming online today. Obviously we’re more sophisticated than we were then. So I think on the margins, we should do better.Dave Bragg – Green Street Advisors: Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: It all depends on the size of the facility, the square footage per capita, the number of competitors with comparable product to offer. There are a whole host of issues Ki Bin. And we have not measured it. All I can tell you is usually the unit is swap out, the light bulb is changed and it’s put back into the system ready to rent. And so, it’s just a function of what’s the seasonality? What was the customer is searching for on an Internet search? What solution did we serve up? What price point and promotion? So this is one where we think that being ready to rent the unit as quickly as possible has been an operational focus. We don’t want it offline, but when you figure that 6% or 7% of the total inventory of a storage facility turns over every month. So if you have 600 units in a facility of say, 70 square feet, and 6% or 7% of that turns over in a month, that’s somewhere between 36 and 42 rentals, divided into 42 – into 20 or 21 business days. So you might end up with 1.75 or 2.0 rentals per day. And then with 5 by 5, 5 by 10, 10 by 10, 10 by 15, 10 by 20, 10 by 30, indoor outdoor, upstairs, down source climate control, non-climate control, that’s a really tough question to answer Ki Bin. [Indiscernible] one.Ki Bin Kim – SunTrust Robinson: [Indiscernible].
Spencer Kirk: [Indiscernible] Todd, it’s Spencer, buyers are coming from every walk of life. And one of the things that has amazed me recently is buyers with a less sophisticated platform thinking they can extricate the same performance. And just because somebody has money, doesn’t necessarily mean that they’re going to achieve the same result out of a less sophisticated platform. It’s possible, but there’s a big question mark in my mind. So I would tell you, there are a lot of buyers, trade buyers, non-trade buyers and everything in between. And for us, we just need to make sure that when we buy an asset at Extra Space, it’s accretive, it fits our footprint and operationally, it puts us in the best possible position for keeping our product relevant in a market. Hence, some of our efforts to refresh and renew our assets whether they be 10, 20 or 30 years of age, we want to make sure that we’ve got something that as new developments come on or as others come into the space, what we have is compelling for the customer to look at extra space as the first solution.
Spencer Kirk: Yes. There are a lot of inbound calls. What’s interesting is we’ve looked at this Todd, it seems to go in wave splash. We had 91 that we added into the system. We’re not running quite at that pace. But all it takes is just one institutional buyer, somebody out there saying, look, I’m a financial buyer, I don’t want to operate these. And you could be back at last year’s pace. So for us there’s still a lot of interest in the third party management. It continues to be a major strategic trust for us, because strategically, we ultimately want to end up owning high percentage of those that we manage, not necessarily everyone but a high percentage. And we’re going to continue to promote and sell the benefits of being part of a larger platform. It will appeal to some folks, it won’t appeal to others. But now, it’s still very healthy and growing. And the pipeline – folks that we have been talking to is quite robust right now.Todd Thomas – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: It’s Spencer. Thank you very much everyone for your interest in Extra Space today. We look forward to the Q3 earnings call in 90 days. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Spencer. Last night, we reported FFO of $0.63 per share for the second quarter. Adjusting for non-cash interest and acquisition related cost, FFO was $0.64 per share. We outperformed our guidance due to better than expected property performance and tenant insurance results. At the start of this year, we added 99 properties to our same store pool bringing the total to 443 properties. Ninety of these properties were acquisitions and nine came from our legacy development pipeline. This change in our same store pool added 75 basis points to our revenue growth for the quarter. The acquisition environment has becoming increasingly more competitive. We’re committed to remaining disciplined in our approach to build a long-term value for our shareholders and during the quarter, we acquired eight properties for $91.2 million. We currently have five properties under contract for $41.4 million which should close by the end of the third quarter. As of today, we have closed or have under contract $382.3 million. Included in our year-to-date totals are two ground up development properties that we acquired upon completion in Q1. In addition, we have three more development properties under contract that we will acquire upon their completion in 2015 and 2016. We revised our full year 2014 FFO guidance to be from $2.42 to $2.50 per share. These estimates include non-cash interest and acquisition related cost. When adjusting for these items, FFO is estimated to be from $2.46 to $2.54 for the full year. I’ll now turn the time back to Spencer.
Scott Stubbs: We continue to look at these deals. I mean we bought one last year. We bought two in the first quarter of this year. We have a few more under contract that are slated more for 2015 and 2016. We’ll continue to look at those. We’re trying to balance the growth in those properties with also the dilution that comes with those. I mean one of the things we would consider if it gets too big to look to a JV partner, something of the sort.
Scott Stubbs: That is the plan right now. The ones we’ve done to date have been 100% – again, we would potentially look to a JV as the volume increases. Where we buy the developer out with a JV partner, not necessarily JV-ing with the developer.Todd Thomas – Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Scott Stubbs: I’m not sure I’m following the question. You’re talking the 5% – so when we say 5%, our street rates were up on average 5%.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. Our revenue growth has grown from several different components. One is the occupancy. Year-to-date, it’s roughly 2% of our growth has come from that occupancy increase. About 4% has come from pricing. About 0.5% to 1% has come from discounts and then another 0.5% has come from existing customer rate increases.
Scott Stubbs: Correct. So we see it for the – correct. You’re absolutely right. It started at just over 2%, dropping to 1% at the end of the year.Ki Bin Kim – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay.
Scott Stubbs: Oh, 1.5% average for the year.Ki Bin Kim – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. All right, that’s it for me. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. I would tell you not to look for us to get into full scale development. I don’t see that changing. I think we’ve said it throughout the whole downturn and into today. We’ve been pretty consistent in saying we don’t want to do development. The beauty of this is it enables us to add new properties to our pipeline. Many of our properties – as time goes by, properties age. So this enables us to bring new product in. As far as underwriting them, we feel like any time you do a development property, you have entitlement, construction risk and lease-up risk. By doing it the way we’re doing it, you eliminate two of those three risks. The only risk we really have is lease-up risk. So as we underwrite them, I would say your typical yield is going to be 1.5 – 150 to 250 basis points. Your cap rate is going to be 150, 200 basis points higher.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. When we’ve underwritten these, we’ve tried to go with our historical average lease-up. So they’re usually three to five years, kind of depending on where they are, the density and the size of the property. So we’re not necessarily projecting today’s lease-up because if you’ll open something today, I think it’s going to lease up very quickly. But many of these aren’t going to be open for a year or two, so we’ve tried to be pretty middle of the road on our estimates for lease-up. Then as far as stabilized yield, I think it’s – we are eventually going to get to the cap rates where they are today. So if something’s trading at a 6.5 cap today, we’re saying it’s a 6.5 cap deal at 150 to 250 basis points to that.
Scott Stubbs: And today, we really haven’t seen a site where street rates grew so fast that they outpaced existing customer rate increases.
Scott Stubbs: We are seeing people being more aggressive in bidding. And again, it goes to their assumptions on their growth rates. And we don’t know what those are. We haven’t necessarily changed ours.
Scott Stubbs: I think overall, Michael, if you looked at it in terms of we’re willing to take 2% or 3% dilution to potentially have bigger growth in the future and to refresh the portfolio.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. We would say it’s going to be tough to really get a huge volume of these, Mike. Just in terms of pricing and in terms of actual new product coming online, I mean its’ a competitive market out there. So to even get 2% or 3% I think is going to be difficult.
Scott Stubbs: The three we’re talking about, two are in Boston, one is Phoenix. The two that we bought to date, one is in Texas and the other one is in Connecticut.
Scott Stubbs: We obviously hope to outperform our lease up estimates. And I think that what you’re seeing today is very good in terms of lease up. But as far as projecting that and actually underwriting that, it’s not necessarily what we’re doing. We’d rather be surprised on the upside. We think we do have the ability to drive rentals. And it is particularly strong in markets where we already exist. So for instance the properties in Boston should do very well because we have a very strong Web presence there. So as we focus or look at any development, certificate of occupancy type deal, it’s going to be important for us to have a presence there. And for this property, we have a very good location.
Scott Stubbs: We’re always kind of looking at our portfolio. And we’re not necessarily looking to sell a significant number, but we would selectively look at selling a few properties. So it’s always on the table.Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
