Spencer F. Kirk: As we start this call I would like to simply say we are keenly aware of the natural disaster that has taken place and is still yet in process. We aware of the destruction and disruption in people’s lives and we want you to know that our thoughts and prayers are with all those that are being impacted, recognizing fully that the aftermath and the challenges going forward are not fully known nor what the course of the storm will yet be. We want to just acknowledge that this is not an optimal time for a call but nonetheless we had to make a decision and we have elected to go forward. But know that we are going to keep good thoughts for all those that have been in harm’s way or will yet be affected. Extra Space did have an outstanding quarter thanks to the diligent focused efforts of the entire team. The environment and culture here are riveted on innovation, technology and performance. Additionally, our industry leading results speak to the depth and sophistication of our systems, our processes, and our unique financial and ownership structures.  I’ve spoken many times about our ability to deliver double digit FFO growth. This past quarter was no exception with a robust 34% year-over-year increase. Property performance was strong and our results benefited from accretive acquisitions. Speaking of accretive acquisitions, we currently have six properties with an aggregate purchase price of $15 million slated to close by the end of the year on top of the $486 million already closed in 2012.  We continue to execute in a meaningful and substantive way to grow the REIT from open market and off market acquisitions. We are delighted with the success of this quarter and our performance year-to-date. We are keenly aware that the comps for next year will be a very large hurdle. Please remember this statement. I’d now like to turn the time over to Carl to talk about operations.
Spencer F. Kirk: This year we have had one main theme and that is to focus on fundamentals. Simply put, to maximize every revenue opportunity and appropriately minimize every expense. Our third quarter results show that this focus is paying off. We will continue to drive innovation in our systems, our marketing and our operating platform to capture the right customer, at the right price, at the right time.  It is no surprise but uncertainty seems to be once again a primary theme this earning season. The word is being dropped frequently in many conference calls so far and it echoes much of what we are hearing both on and off the street. However, we remain optimistic about the self storage sector and our ability to produce solid results for our shareholders going forward.  With that, I’d now like to turn the time over to Clint to start the Q&A session.
Spencer F. Kirk: It’s anybody’s guess. I think I made a comment previously in another call that the bankers have been a little bit reluctant to loan against new construction. As we’ve demonstrated quite amply, if you’ve got a stabilized asset you can get loans all day long but new construction has been a little problematic. Once you are kind of in that mode, it’s a year or two to get an entitlement, a year to build it and then two to four years to lease it up and having spoken with a number of folks in the industry I reaffirm that I think in major markets there might be several dozen properties being built and maybe in the entire country several hundred.  We’re not back in the hay day of the mid 2000s, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007 we’re on average 2,500 or 2,600 properties a year were being built. So it’s anybody’s guess but this is one of those things that is driving the performance of the self storage sector and that is there is relatively no new supply and as I go around for instance I hear of a city like Phoenix might have three, four, or five assets come out of the ground we are not seeing massive amounts of supply. It’s going to just depend on market dynamics and financing and a whole host of issues but right now it’s really good if you’re an existing storage operator. 
Spencer F. Kirk: That is our hope. There’s a lot of distance between now and then Paula but that’s one of the things we have modeled that with virtually no new supply and our occupancies being at the highest level we’ve ever seen. Going into the next prime season we’re optimistic that it’s going to be a good year for us and we’ll capture and deliver some solid results.
Spencer F. Kirk: I’m not sure I have that handy. Probably above it but we’ve gotten back and above where we were but I don’t have it handy with me.
Spencer F. Kirk: Generally no, we have two different types of coverage. We have a general insurance policy and then a flood rider also.
Spencer F. Kirk: Well, we just started offering the flood rider in the middle of this year so it’s not a high percentage of our customers who actually have the flood rider. 
Spencer F. Kirk: It’s tough to quantify the uptick. What we can tell you is our internal discussions have been look, we’re at 90% occupancy at the end of the quarter we don’t have that much more headroom for the maneuvering. This is very different than five years ago and so I would suggest we’re going to have some gain in revenue, we’ll probably see some nice uptick in occupancy in some of those affected areas. We’re also going to have some claims and I think the revenue and expenses we still reaffirm our guidance, I think it’s still in that range of $1.56 to $1.58 for the full year. We’re not modeling anything dramatically different and that’s based on lots of experience over lots of years. 
Spencer F. Kirk: There’s also one other thing to consider. We do somewhere between 30,000 and 40,000 rentals a month depending on seasonality. When you pick a data point say you have 1,100 fewer and 500 greater, the order of magnitude we’re talking 1% to 1.5% in context and I think a lot of that is well within the range of normal business cycle variations or normal economic changes that can’t be modeled or forecast. I go back to what Scott said, you need to be careful when you’re taking a look at those numbers.
Spencer F. Kirk: First of all G&A impact has already been modeled in everything we’ve given you, no change there. [Tim] has come back as Chairman of the Board and Chief Investment Officer and I think he’s doing a good job in helping us to identify opportunities. We are modeling officially the financial impact started July 1, 2012. 
Spencer F. Kirk: Let me take the second question first. I can’t speak to what the smaller operators are doing with their mobile platforms. One of the questions as to why we think the larger operators are taking market share is using Extra Space as a data point, we’ve got 42 people internally and externally working on our traditional Internet, our mobile strategy, and our social media strategy. We are spending tens of thousands of dollars a day on paid search. The mobile penetration to date is just over 30% and the conversion rate is a little bit higher than that.  The mobile strategy is very important to us. It’s accelerating, it’s accelerated very nicely and in fact, we have invested heavily in our mobile strategy and I can’t imagine how a smaller operator can put those kinds of resources for programming and optimization into multiple platforms because you talk traditional Internet which is very different than mobile, which is different than social and you look at all the different devices and the software and it becomes a very large matrix and it’s complex and it’s expensive and I don’t know how the small guy does it.
Spencer F. Kirk: Canada is part of North America and if and when there’s a good opportunity to move northward into Canada we’d love to participate. It’s very simple, we like Canada we just haven’t found the right opportunity.
Spencer F. Kirk: Thank you everyone for joining the Extra Space management team today. This concludes our call. A final remark, to all those who have been affected by this super storm Sandy, we sincerely wish you the best for the best possible outcome as you go back to rebuild your personal and professional lives. We know it’s been a great disruption and there’s been significant loss and just know that we’re going to keep good thoughts for you. Thank you.
Karl T. Haas: During the third quarter we experienced very strong same store revenue growth of 6.8% especially in light of the 4.9% revenue growth we had in the third quarter last year. Year-to-date same store revenue is up 6.6%. We continue to see our Internet marketing and revenue management strategies pay big dividends. As we refine our pricing model we will continue to steal market share from our smaller competitors. Rental demand for storage remained stable in the third quarter and we haven’t seen a meaningful influx of new supply which resulted in record high occupancy levels for our portfolio. We ended the quarter at approximately 90%, up nearly 2% over last year. Stable rentals coupled with the lack of new supply allowed us to increase street rates 5% on average per quarter.  Same store expenses continue to be below budget. The primary drivers for expenses being down by 2.8% were lower repair and maintenance costs, continued benefits from sustainability initiatives and lower credit card processing fees. The benefit of lower credit card processing fees began in October last year and this will dissipate in the fourth quarter.  Discounts were down year-over-year 15% for the quarter and 10% for the year. This is due to higher occupancy and a focused effort to offer the right price and promotion. All those combined to produce third quarter same store operating income of 11.4% on top of 7.3% growth last year. With that I’d like to turn it over to Scott for a little bit more.
Karl T. Haas: Discounts are down because our occupancy is up and as we reach certain occupancy thresholds it’s done by unit type and so the discounts available for our managers to offer go down. The first step is taking it down from full month to half month and then to no months. The good thing is our major competitors are also more occupied and they’re doing the same thing.
Karl T. Haas: I view it as a positive if our customers do have coverage and in an instance like this it helps to further enhance our salability of insurance and drives home the point that it’s a good thing to have insurance. So we will probably experience some claims but that’s not a bad thing. It helps our managers feel better about having this program and it will also drive home the point to our customers which is the same thing I think the big insurance companies, they’re going to take a bit hit here but they’re well able to do that and on a go forward basis it’s probably going to help their business. We view it in the long run one, it’s good for our customers and two, it’s going to be good for us.
Karl T. Haas: Plus, we focus on square footage not necessarily just units and our square foot delta is actually exceeding our expectations and we’re pleased with where we are. We expect our square foot delta, the gap to continue to close because we’re – although I’ve been saying this for a while and our system has changed a little bit where it’s not just totally driven by occupancy so it hasn’t closed as quickly as I would have thought but we’re still in a plus two to the same time last year and in October at almost 90% occupancy. We are where we want to be.
Karl T. Haas: From the top line standpoint we’ve benefitted from three drivers. One is the rate which we’ve gotten some traction on rate and that’s really good. The second is occupancy, we’ve had very good growth in occupancy and we’ve kind of gotten to almost a stabilized point on occupancy. The third is discount so the reduction in discounts and bad debt expense over the last two or three years. Both of those have been squeezed pretty hard, the discounts and bad debt and it’s going to be hard to replicate that kind of growth to have that boost the same store revenue growth. Unless we find something new or different it’s going to be hard. I read this in some of the analyst write ups on apartment complexes and I don’t think we’re that much different, the norm is not 5.5% to 6.5% revenue growth long term in our business. It’s hard to maintain and so I think not just us, we’re going to do as well if not better than our competition, that we’re going to drive, but it’s somewhat unrealistic to think that we’re going to be able to continue with 5.5% to 7% same store revenue growth.
Karl T. Haas: Well, anticipating tough questions like this I have those statistics directly in front of me. Greater than 12 months is 58.6%, greater than 24 months is around 37%, and I’m not going to go into any more detail because then you’ll just remember those and want to know it every quarter. But, the good thing is that those numbers are slightly up from prior periods so we’re not seeing any deterioration of our client base.
Scott Stubbs: Yesterday we reported third quarter FFO of $0.43 per share inclusive of a $2.5 million charge related to our acquisitions. We exceeded the top end of our quarterly guidance by $0.02. This can be attributed primarily to better than expected same store property results and the performance and timing of our 2012 acquisitions.  We’ve had a banner year for acquisitions. During the quarter we closed on 53 properties for approximately $450 million. Of these 53 properties, 36 were from the Prudential transaction. As of today, we have six additional assets under contract for just over $50 million. These six properties are located in Florida, Massachusetts and New Jersey and will be great additions to our portfolio. With the acquisitions closed during the quarter we now have 416 wholly owned assets compared to 304 joint venture properties and 190 third-party sites under management. We continue to focus on growing the REIT in a disciplined and meaningful way.  As of September 30th the company had five separate lines of credit with the total capacity of $340 million with $240 million drawn on these lines. Subsequent to the end of the quarter we paid off the $100 million GE line that recently matured and replaced this line with secured loans. Interest rates continue to be at all time lows. As a point of reference we recently closed a five year loan at 2.8% and a seven year loan at 3.2%, both loans were swapped fixed.  Based on the results for the third quarter, we’ve raised our full year 2012 FFO guidance to be between $1.56 and $1.58 per share. Key assumptions relating to these estimates can be found in our press release. With that I’ll now turn the time back to Spencer for some closing remarks.
Scott Stubbs: One of the things we caution people on is not to get too hung up on the year-over-year because last year may have been abnormally good or bad so what we generally focus on is how those trends appear on a seven year trend. So we look at our rentals and vacates over a seven year period and we would tell you that those numbers lay right in the middle. In addition to that our occupancy is higher than that so we would expect rentals to be down slightly and vacates to up slightly so there’s obviously fewer units to rent and more people to vacate.
Scott Stubbs: I think you’re talking – and it depends on the property, it depends on the year, you’re probably talking somewhere between 8 and 10 depending on the asset.
Scott Stubbs: No market, there’s no theme between markets it’s more property-by-property but no one individual market is significantly higher than it has been.
