Spencer F. Kirk: Good afternoon, everyone. We don’t typically go last amongst our peers, so this has been a nice change to have a chance to see everyone’s results and hear what they have had to say on their calls. For Extra Space, 2012 was a superb year. We produced strong operational results due to multiple factors. They include record high occupancy levels, excellent expense control, potent internet marketing, sophisticated revenue management, a high volume of accretive acquisitions and virtually no new supply. With the exception of the Storage USA transaction in 2005, this was our single largest acquisition year. We acquired 91 assets in 24 states and grew our wholly owned portfolio by 26%. Our unique structure continues to provide us with numerous options for growth. The result, 71% of our acquisitions came from joint venture and third-party managed relationships. The credit for the outstanding results in 2012 goes to our talented, creative and hardworking team. Time and time again I have spoken of our unique levers that have driven our double-digit FFO growth. In the fourth quarter of 2012, FFO grew by 23%. This is particularly impressive when you consider that the fourth quarter of 2011 was up 35% over 2010, and for the full year, FFO grew 33% on top of 32% growth in 2011 over 2010. I’ll now turn the time to Karl to discuss operations.
Spencer F. Kirk: Thanks Scott. Last year at this time, I stated that our theme for 2012 was to focus on fundamentals. Since we don’t have a MasterCard, we’re going to stick with the theme, for 2013 it is, do it better. Everything we do is in pursuit of maximizing revenue opportunities and appropriately minimizing expenses. Our focus on the fundamentals has served our shareholders well in 2012 and will continue to serve them well as we move into 2013. Record high occupancy, constrained supply in our operational sophistication set us up to again produce double-digit FFO growth in 2013. With that, I’d like to turn the time over to Clint to start our Q&A session.
Spencer F. Kirk: We don’t have the exact numbers right now, but we plan on addressing that at the end of the first quarter. We are expecting that the occupancy will fall slightly. As the pool changes, we’ll be adding a fair number of properties to that pool.Todd Thomas – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Spencer F. Kirk: The one thing that is clear though Christy is that growth does slow the higher it gets. So a larger amount of our growth does come as we add managed properties.
Spencer F. Kirk: David, its Spencer. Actually, I won’t look for any quantum leap. We are on our third-generation of revenue management. Today, we track 56 different inputs and variables and metrics to help us define our pricing and I think it’s going to be more of refinement out on the margin rather than any wholesale new initiative or way of looking at things. That’s really a continuation of what we’ve already been doing. And that is taking what we are learning from our data and applying it with finer granularity.
Spencer F. Kirk: Michael, its Spencer. I would say year-over-year interest is about the same. It’s the beginning of a New Year. We don’t have the surge that usually happens in the fourth quarter when people are trying to transact. So year-over-year, it’s about the same and quite frankly, if there is some more cap rate compression, there may be some more sellers. But right now, the question, I think a lot of sellers have is, if I sell my self-storage property and pay taxes, where am I going to reinvest my money and have as good of return as I’m getting out this existing asset.
Spencer F. Kirk: We appreciate your interest in Extra Space today; great questions. We look forward to next quarter’s call. Thank you very much.
Karl Haas: Thanks, Spence. During the fourth quarter, we once again experienced excellent same-store revenue growth of 6.5%, and that’s on top of 5.8% revenue growth we realized in the fourth quarter of last year. For the year, revenue was up 6.6% compared to 4.9% in 2011. While the pools were different in these years, it shows an ongoing positive operational trend. Rental trends were strong in the fourth quarter and our square foot occupancy continued at record high levels. Our same-store pool ended the year at 88.6%, up 1.7% over last year. Demand for the product is stable and our interactive marketing and internet strategies continue to drive higher rental volumes. Strong occupancy coupled with the lack of new supply allowed us to increase street rates 3.5% to 4% on average for the quarter. During the fourth quarter, we also had excellent expense growth that was partially offset by higher property taxes and Superstorm Sandy. Same-store discounts ended the year at 4.3% of rental income, compared to 5.3% at the start of the year. Overall, discounts were down by 12%. This is due to higher occupancy and a focused effort to offer the right price and promotion. All this combined to produce the fourth quarter same-store net operating income of 8.5%, compared to 9.3% growth last year. Net operating income for the full year was 10.2% versus 7.6% in 2011. All in all, it was one of the best years I have seen in my 25 years in this business. And now, I’d like to turn it over to Scott.
Karl Haas: This is Karl. The penetration on new tenants is above 90%. Our overall penetration is in the high 60s. And I don’t really have a breakdown of what’s coming between the new from the third-party management versus just the increase from existing customers. I’m sure we can get that, but we don’t have it handy.
Karl Haas: This is Karl. We will also be focusing more on discounts, trying to get smarter and how we offer the discount, when we offer the discount, and that will also have an impact.David Toti – Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.: Okay, great. Thanks for the detail.
Karl Haas: This is Karl. We are pushing rates, but it’s in the 4% to 5% range. And I think what you’re going to find too is, as when we get these questions about where your street rates are versus existing customer rates, our rates are – our overall GPI and the percent change every month and even during the month is going all over the place. I mean we’re adjusting constantly, so you almost have to look at it over a longer period of time and it’s in the range of 4% to 5%. We’d like to think that – and I think this is probably the biggest upside potential that’s out there, is as we all continue to get better occupancy that we might have the opportunity to push those rates even more, especially if no new competition comes along.
Karl Haas: At some markets it’s a lot easier to get in. They’re a lot stronger and we’re able to push to our goal overall occupancy quicker than in other markets. I mean, there’s a certain drag that trying to cover or to overcome an occupancy gap in a shorter period of time, the cost can be significant. And so we do it more gradually and our system is looking to get you there, but they are going to get you there – it’s going to get you there in a way that maximizes the opportunity along the way. So if you’re at 80%, yeah, you could get the 90% pretty quickly if you wanted to, and we could, but we’d rather do it over a longer period of time and give away less and end up getting more of the whole way through it and we will get to our goal occupancy.
Karl Haas: It’s a very micro property-by-property. It has nothing to do with occupancy. It has a lot more to do with just variations and it can be just kind of a quirk of the particular properties in that market. But there’s no plan, and really is no correlation between rent per square foot. It can be property taxes as well.
Karl Haas: But once again, it is difficult to take a point in time, because our street rates are up and down so much. But when we look at it over a longer period of time, the gap is about the same now as it was a year ago.Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: And what is your expectation for street rate growth then in 2013? I mean, I realize it’s on a – it is kind of on a bell curve, but just curious as to what you’re kind of thinking…
Karl Haas: This is Karl again. No, we have not seen that. I mean, I know that a lot of retailers are and a lot of ad hoc information out there, but we have not have seen that yet.Omotayo Okusanya – Jefferies & Co.: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Karl Haas: This is Karl again. No.Tom Lesnick – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks, that’s all I’ve got.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Karl. Yesterday, we reported fourth quarter FFO of $0.43 per share including a $0.02 charge related to our acquisitions and $0.01 from Superstorm Sandy. For the year, we reported FFO of $1.59 per share, exceeding the top end of our guidance by $0.01. This can be attributed primarily to better-than-expected same-store property results and the performance and timing of our 2012 acquisitions. As Spencer mentioned, 2012 was a great year for acquisitions. We purchased 91 properties for just over $700 million. Of these 91 properties, 57 were from the two large joint venture transactions. Since the end of the year, we have purchased our partner’s interest in two more properties located in Baltimore and Chicago for approximately $12.9 million. As of today, we have two assets under contract for $20.6 million located in Maryland and Texas. One of these two assets is a brand new asset that we are buying at [Ciavo]. As of the end of the year, we had 448 wholly-owned, 281 joint venture properties and 181 third-party properties under management. We continue to growth the REIT in a disciplined manner with a long-term view. As of December 31, the Company had four lines of credit with a total capacity of $240 million of which $85 million was drawn. Interest rates continue to be at all-time lows. Without increasing our variable rate exposure, we have lowered our average interest rate from 4.7% at the end of 2011 to 4.2% at the end of 2012. Yesterday, we released our full year 2013 FFO guidance of between $1.87 and $1.95 per share. We expect FFO for the first quarter to be between $0.42 and $0.44. Key annual assumptions related to these estimates can be found in our press release from yesterday. I’ll now turn the time back to Spencer.
Scott Stubbs: It flowed through two items actually. It flowed through property operating expenses to the tune of about $0.5 million and then about $900,000 flowed through the insurance company.
Scott Stubbs: We consider that. Obviously, we consider our short-term cost of capital, but we also can ignore the long-term cost of capital. So, there are times when we might be slightly more aggressive as our short-term cost of capital goes down, but I think that your unlevered IRRs are still somewhere 8 to 10.
Scott Stubbs: They’re not going up, but what happened last year is there were some new rules enacted that enabled us to process debit cards more like an ACH, so you weren’t charged credit card interchange on those.Omotayo Okusanya – Jefferies & Co.: Okay.
Scott Stubbs: Right now I believe it goes through 2016. So we started with the best returns on investment and then we’ve gone down from there. But we are also still trying to be fairly conservative in what level of investment we’re willing to make for the return.Michael Knott – Green Street Advisors: Thank you.
