Spencer Kirk: Hello, everyone. For 2015, the top two priorities at Extra Space are operational excellence and seamless integration of new stores on to our operating platform. Year-to-date, our focus on these priorities is paying off. Operationally, we had a record breaking quarter. We excelled in producing same-store revenue growth of 9.9%, NOI growth of 12.6% and a peak occupancy of 94.9%. This enabled us to achieve FFO as adjusted growth of 12.5% on top of last year’s growth of 26.3%. This marks 20 consecutive quarters of double-digit increases. Perform at this level while simultaneously preparing to close a large and complex transaction showcases the depth of our operation’s team and our ability to execute. In the first three quarters, we added 82 wholly-owned stores to our platform. On October 1st, we closed our acquisition of SmartStop and integrated an additional 165 properties. This brings our store count to 1,335, all branded Extra Space. Preparations to have these stores began months earlier. Thanks to the work of our team and a cooperation of SmartStop, we were able to review financial systems, train employees, plan technology conversions, and evaluate CapEx needs well ahead of closing. There is still work to be done but we hit the ground running. This is the right acquisition at the right time for our shareholders. And I’d now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Scott. Fundamentals for the sector continue to be strong. New supply which is still muted will not be a factor in the next couple of years. We expect occupancy to remain at all time highs which should allow us to further increase rates for new and existing customers. Only time will tell if pricing power will remain as strong as it is today, but the fundamentals support the positive outlook. The acquisitions environment will continue to be extremely competitive and Extra Space will remain a disciplined buyer. We’re focused on accretive acquisitions and maximizing shareholder value. I’m pleased with the outstanding performance of our team. We have executed at a high level across the entire organization. Now let’s turn the time back to Jeff to start the Q&A session.
Spencer Kirk: With regards to the markets, one of the really nice things about this transaction is in many markets, we picked up even greater footprint which is going to give us greater presence digitally on the internet and allow us to further drive occupancy and rate at those stores. So, it’s coming together very well. We are pleased.
Spencer Kirk: As you think about a C of O pipeline, the governor for us is dilution, and we’ve set a target of about 3% of FFO as what we’re willing to tolerate. And depending on whether we do those C of O deals just by ourselves or with the JV partner can affect that calculation. So obviously, we would like to do nice new properties in as many core markets as we can. It’s a competitive market and we have a dilution threshold that we want to be very disciplined, so that we don’t go backwards.
Spencer Kirk: Most of the properties we’re looking at stabilized cap rate in the mid-6s, your year one cap rate is usually going to be slightly below that. Some of these properties have a little bit of upside but not that significant.
Spencer Kirk: It still is the prime reason we’re in the business, Todd, to create off market acquisition pipeline. We haven’t made a lot of noise about it, but we added 43 managed assets on the SmartStop acquisition, and by the end of the year, we’ll have grown that pool by more than a 100 assets. So for us, the strategic opportunity that it presents and we continue to buy from that portfolio that we manage. We also get economies of scale and the tenant insurance, and the power of spending more on the internet in those respective markets. So, it continues to be a very important part of our business.
Spencer Kirk: George, it’s Spencer, if I could just make a comment, because this continues to come up. We have not changed our same-store definition in over a decade. We’ve been consistent. And I can tell you in Q3, the same-store properties that have been added in which were not primarily lease-up, but rather just properties that we acquired, provided an uplift of 80 basis points on revenue and 110 basis points on the NOI. So, if you subtract that out we’re still very pleased with what our properties are producing, our platform enables us to do, and probably most importantly what our team is executing on. I think it’s a combination of people, platform and properties that have allowed us to produce the results that we’ve produced.
Spencer Kirk: First of all, we will push rate on both existing and new customers as hard as we can. We don’t want to get ahead of ourselves. There might be another 100 basis points on occupancy. The overall health of the economy obviously will be a big determinant. But as we look at 2016, as Scott said, our expectation is our results are going to go from phenomenal to maybe just really good. And we’ll have to see how the year transpires. But I don’t see any disruptive element on the horizon with regards to new supply for the next couple of years which I already commented on. And I only see us getting more powerful and potent in the digital world, particularly with our mobile strategy. And we’re going to continue to invest wisely and we’re going to do everything we can to drive optimal performance from these assets.
Spencer Kirk: It’s about the same, there might be a very, very slight uptick on the length of stay, but it’s in very stable suite.
Spencer Kirk: Lots of questions in there Jonathan, [indiscernible] service, it’s obviously something we’re looking at. Right now I’m aware of several dozen players that are all buying to prove this product concept. One of the things that I do know is with over 1300 stores scattered across the U.S., we’re in a really good position to be part of the solution. And this is one where we are keeping our options open, seeing how things kind of shake out. We’ve had numerous discussions and it’s something that is being incubated. Now whether it turns out to be a significant part of -- what happens when people looking for a solution for storage, only time will tell. But I can tell you, it’s not something that we are ignoring, we are very keenly interested in the urban markets, where you have small units in these major markets. And we think that it could have a place, but the piece of this is much like the pick-up and delivery service of years gone by. There is a huge logistical component to it. Real estate is part of the solution but it’s not the entire solution. And we’re going to have to be very thoughtful. And as I said, keep our options open but yes we’ve been exploring it and trying to understand what the implications might mean for our core market. Today, it is de minimis, it is insignificant and it is not impacting our business as our results would indicate it.
Spencer Kirk: So, in terms of R&D, Paul, I’m not at liberty to talk about what we’re cooking in the kitchen, we’ll bring that when we’re prepared. Mobile, it’s really interesting. I think on April 21st of this year where Google changed the algorithm, it’s called Mobilegeddon. I think our team perhaps as much as a year in advance started working on mobile strategy. And the mobile strategy definitely favors those that actually own the real estate, especially when you look at the maps. The Mobilegeddon piece was the algorithmic change at Google, favorite sites that were mobile friendly. And what I can tell is you mobile has become the leading search device that eclipsed desktop and laptop and it’s a core strategic advantage of this Company. I don’t believe that the smaller operators have the resources to throw at the mobile platform what we and the other national storage operators have been able to do. And I think this is once again the internet creating a landscape of the haves and haves not. And that chasm is widening and the rate at which that chasm is widening is accelerating. And I think we’re in the great position with the other storage REITs, a great time to be a large national operator. 
Spencer Kirk: It depends on the company and their commitment to technology. They’re regional players that are very sophisticated and doing a great job, but once again it ultimately comes down to how many dollars you have to spend on your mobile strategy. And size and scale are decided advantage in the allocation.
Spencer Kirk: We’re going to take them all Todd. And quite frankly the more properties we have in the market, the more power we have in that market. And I would much rather have an asset in close proximity to one of our assets that we control pricing and promotion than having it be in the hands of someone that may not be rational in their behavior.
Spencer Kirk: More than 50% last year was probably 30%. So, the rate of growth is tremendous. And the impact on our business is significant. And we’re really pleased that we’re ahead of the path.
Spencer Kirk: First of all last cycle on average through to mid-2,000s, Wes, it was more than 2,600 properties per year being put into the marketplace. Today depending on whose number you want to use, we’re 20% 30% of that number. And for us, I think that there is a growing awareness, the smaller operators and would be developers that they have the advantage in the local markets when it comes to connections and maybe getting a deal done but they cannot compete because we are not in the world of yellow pages anymore. We’re in the land of digital real estate. And they are recognizing that don’t have a sophistication over the dollars to even attempt to compete against the REITs. So yes, I think many, many folks out there are throwing into tail and that that is going to continue to accelerate.
Spencer Kirk: I think there was quite a dearth of supply, Wes, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 and I think that the supply that’s been put into those markets is largely fixing the pent up problem. So we feel comfortable with the supply issue for the next couple of years, as I’ve said a couple of times today.
Spencer Kirk: We appreciate your interest in Extra Space today and we look forward to next quarter’s call. Thank you.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks, Spencer. Last night we reported FFO of $0.81 per share for the quarter. Excluding costs associated with acquisitions and non-cash interest, FFO as adjusted was $0.81 per share, exceeding the high end of our guidance by $0.02. The beat was primarily the result of better than expected property performance. This was partially offset by higher than forecasted income tax as well as an increase in interest expense as we accumulated the funds for the SmartStop acquisition. Our same-store revenue growth was driven by higher rates to new and existing customers, increased occupancy and lower discount. Our top performing market year-to-date include Atlanta, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, Sacramento, San Francisco, and Tampa/St. Pete, all with double-digit revenue growth. Our platform continues to maximize results in this favorable operating environment. During the quarter, we acquired one store in Maryland for $6.1 million and we acquired a certificate of occupancy store with a JV partner for $5.4 million. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we acquired 124 stores for just over $1.3 billion. All but two of these stores were part of the SmartStop portfolio. We currently have 9 operating stores under contract for $82 million. Six of these acquisitions totaling $53 million are scheduled to close before the end of the year. In addition, we have another 17 certificate of occupancy stores under contract. The total purchase price of these stores is $177 million of which $26 million is expected to close in 2015. We were active in the capital markets in the quarter. We filed a $400 million ATM under which we sold 31 million. We also issued 575 million in exchangeable senior notes and used a portion of the note proceeds to repurchase 164 million of an existing tranche of exchangeable notes. The October 1st, SmartStop acquisition as well as our strong year-to-date results require revisions to our guidance. Our full year FFO guidance is $2.69 to $2.72 per share. Our guidance includes dilution from a certificate of occupancy deals, acquisitions that operate below our portfolio average and $45 million in transactional and debt elimination costs related to the SmartStop acquisition they will be recognized in the fourth quarter. Our FFOs adjusted increased to $3.10 to $3.13 per share which removes the non-cash interest and non-recurring transactional cost. I will now turn the time back over to Spencer.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, in terms of underwriting and performance, I would tell you it’s probably too early to really comment on that. What I would say is the properties are performing right where we were expecting them to perform when we put this under contract several months ago. So, the occupancy and the revenue performance when we took them over, was right where we expected.
Scott Stubbs: Everything is right on course; it’s too early to tell what the trend is but we are very satisfied with how we started.
Scott Stubbs: So, I would tell you that they are similar markets to where we have been in the past. I mean they’re all markets where we currently have properties, they range from Boston to Phoenix; so they’re across the U.S. These are local developers, most of them we have relationships with. The majority of them, we feel like are going to be very good acquisitions and are -- as we’ve underwritten them -- we have underwritten them with we would say certainly prudent, lease-up assumptions, meaning we’ve kind of gone to our historical average. We recognize that the market won’t always be what is today. Some of these C of O deals are out into 2017, even out into 2018. And so we have been prudent in our underwriting assumptions and we expect them to perform well.
Scott Stubbs: Vikram, it’s Scott. So, obviously we are not ready to give 2016 guidance, maybe just kind of commenting on where we are today and where we can kind of see things going. I would tell you we’ve had a very good year. I think that we have had outstanding performance. If I look into the next year, I think it’s going to be very good. I think that our occupancy can’t continue to have a 200 basis-point delta year-over-year; our discounts, we can’t continue to push them lower year after year but I do think we will have some pricing power going into next year and it will be a very good year still.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So, our existing customers, we continue to increase them in the high single digit. In terms of the pricing, our prices to -- and Street rate, it depends on the time of the year. During the summer months we saw 8% growth. So, we continue to push on those. If you look at waterfall and where our growth came from, our growth came about just over 200 basis points in occupancy, about 50 basis points from discounts, and the rest came from rate, primarily from new customers coming in the door.
Scott Stubbs: One of the things that happened is we actually have some negative churn that takes place. So depending on the time of year, our negative churn is typically mid-single-digits but it could go higher than that, depending on what we’re doing with rates. So if someone moves in, in the summer where there are peak rates and then we drop the prices in the fall, if someone moves out, you have a negative churn. So that’s one of the things that I would tell you, just in doing the simple math you’re missing. The other one is raising our existing customers high single digits but we did that last year. So year-over-year, it’s really not generating a lot of lift to our income.
Scott Stubbs: So 200 basis points to 250 basis points on occupancy, you get a 0.5% of discount, so that’s 3%. You then get the rest from rate. So, if you’re pushing your existing customer’s high single digits and you did that last year, maybe slightly more this year, you get a little bit from that. And then we pushed street rates this year 7% to 8%.
Scott Stubbs: It’s both. And it will depend a little bit on the properties. So for instance that one we bought in the quarter had more rate growth potential as well as a little bit of occupancy, going forward, some of the other properties we’re looking at buying have a combination of rate and occupancy and then others just have rate growth for opportunities.
Scott Stubbs: It’s tough to comment on their results. I would tell you we’ve put information in our supplementals, breaking out our current pool versus our last year’s pool. But I would tell you, both pools have performed. I think that we’d like to think that we have the best mousetrap out there that we have -- we’re most aggressive on the internet, we have the best revenue management systems. But it’s tough to comment on how we compare to them.
Scott Stubbs: So, even our worst markets we’re still seeing 5% growth. So, I think that it’s healthy across the U.S. Markets are somewhat cyclical, some are better than others. I would tell you, our worst markets are probably Chicago and maybe Washington D.C. but they’ve been very strong in past years and they’re still experiencing 5% growth.
Scott Stubbs: From what we’re seeing, it’s hard to comment a lot on financing just because we’re not out there looking for it. I think well capitalized developers are going to be able to get loans, obviously better markets, it’s going to be better but it also probably affects your returns. Your returns in New York City are going to be less than your returns in Dallas you would expect. The other thing that’s happening is land prices, I think our pricing some people out of certain markets we have not seen anything substantial out of Southern California, out of San Francisco, out of Seattle, some of these markets where it’s difficult, everybody is competing for the same piece of land. So from our perspective, we are seeing some new construction. It’s more in the markets like Denver, Dallas, Atlanta, South Florida, even some in New York City, but from our perspective, we don’t see it across the whole U.S., we see certain pockets with some. And we do expect it to come with the returns of the properties. But I’m not sure it’s going to be a tighter wave of new construction.
Scott Stubbs: So, we are seeing quicker lease-ups at our C of O stores. It’s probably a combination of technology as well as no new supply. In our supplemental package, page 23, we show the details and kind of where the occupancy is for those stores. We are doing tests on our store to see if you can move the needle in terms of marketing spend, in terms of rates, but overall typically, we’re going to go into the market with lower prices and try to be as aggressive as we can to fill them up as quickly as possible.
Scott Stubbs: So with them bringing C of O deals to us, clearly they are getting some type of financing in the interim. I’m guessing most of them have some type of construction loan and then potentially this helps as far as the takeout. The other thing that’s changed in today’s cycle for a lot of these developers is it used to be that they would build the property, they’d open it up, they’d take out a yellow page, they’d operate it themselves. I think with the sophistication now of the larger players, that’s becoming more and more difficult. It’s difficult to compete on the internet for a small operator. Many of them are coming to the big players to have them manage those properties or at least sell them at C of O.
Scott Stubbs: Nothing is changed operationally; I would tell you it’s just timing on those properties. There is nothing significant that’s changed if I recall right. I think those properties revenue wise are operating very similar to many of our existing properties.
Scott Stubbs: So, if you look at page 18 of our supplemental that actually compares the last year’s 442 pool to this year’s 503. And in the third quarter, they had it 80 basis points to change in pool and then 100 basis points year-to-date. I would tell you that that is a little bit of anomaly. I think that we would expect a small bump from next year’s changing pool but nothing like we’ve seen this year.
