Spencer Kirk: Hello, everyone. It was another solid quarter for Extra Space. We produced same-store revenue growth of 7.6% primarily from rate. Expenses increased 3.1% which led to NOI growth of 9.4%. Quarter end occupancy was very strong at 94.4%. FFO per share as adjusted grew more than 25% year-over-year. This is exceptional growth is the result of solid operating performance, accretive acquisitions, joint ventures, third-party management and an optimized balance sheet. These growth components have produced 23 consecutive quarters of double-digit FFO growth and enabled a second quarter dividend increase of 32%. Year-to-date we have closed over $0.5 billion in wholly-owned acquisitions, bringing the total property count to 1,412 Extra Space branded stores. Marketed acquisitions continue to be as competitive as we have ever seen. We continue to be disciplined and only transact at levels that are beneficial for our shareholders. We've been particularly successful sourcing off-market transactions through our joint ventures, third-party and other relationships. We believe that the 630 Extra Space branded stores, which are not wholly-owned, will continue to provide outsized acquisition opportunities. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks, Scott. While our unprecedented revenue and NOI growth have moderated, our ability to produce the industry's best FFO growth year-in and year-out has not moderated. This quarter's FFO as adjusted grew 25.3%. This is the result of our multifaceted strategy which includes the industry's leading operating platform, the industry's most successful acquisition program, the industry's largest third-party management platform, the industry's largest and most successful JV program, and a management team that clearly understands that growing FFO is our number one priority. In closing, as we expected, our same-store performance has gone from phenomenal to excellent. And FFO growth is still phenomenal. Now let's turn the time over to Jeff to start the Q&A session.
Spencer Kirk: Good question, Todd, it is Spencer. First of all, our best estimate for 2016 is 700 properties likely to be delivered. 2017 maybe a little bit more. I think more importantly in the last 2.5 years, if I can just provide a little color. 45 stores came online within a three mile radius of one of our properties and we still delivered outstanding performance. Within that same three mile ring we see an additional 46 properties come online sometime 2016-2017. So, yes, in some markets there has been a little disruption of new supply in Denver, Austin, San Antonio. We are feeling the effect. But there are other markets where it is not disruptive because there is virtually no new supply. When you think of Northern California and Southern California we are doing phenomenally well. So, while there is supply, the effect has yet to be felt system-wide. And this is one of the beauties of geographic diversification.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, I would tell you new supply obviously affects it, but also you have got to look at prior year performance. For instance, Chicago today is not doing great for us. A couple years ago and if you look at a 10-year average Chicago has been very strong for us. So I think that you can't continue to raise rates 16% year after year after year. And so, I think that some of these markets just probably have a little bit of fatigue year-over-year and you are coming up against some very tough comps.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, Juan, it is Spencer. Number one, for the full service valet, concierge, whatever you want to call it, we would say their market share today, to the best of our knowledge, in any market is de minimis. And for this Company we don't believe it is a viable business model.
Spencer Kirk: Well, we have studied it extensively. We have looked at the mechanics of what it really takes to provide that full service on demand at a price point that is competitive. And I think, Juan, the fact that none of the large storage REITs made any announcement that they are getting into this ought to be a pretty good indicator that they don't see the dollars out there as well. There have been a lot of potential disruptors that have announced themselves in the past that would cause pain to the storage industry. And for whatever reason it just has not materialized. We still think that storage offers the best value for a customer. And any time you try to put two people in a truck and transport it across the George Washington Bridge and do so at a cost-effective price point, we can't get there mathematically or economically.
Spencer Kirk: So, Wes, it is Spencer. Let me give you just a little performance. You have got revenue expenses, I am going to focus on NOI, because that is really where the rubber meets the road. Over the last 10 years the simple average for NOI growth for the entire sector has been 5.3%. For Extra Space during that same 10-year period it has been 6.7%. The fact that we just posted 9.4% ought to tell you that even with some moderation we are still way above any historical norm. And I don't see us falling off a cliff by any stretch. Storage, if you go back to 1998 when I started with the Company, was used by about 6% of the U.S. population. Today that number is more than 9% of the U.S. population. One of the questions is, does that top out at 10%, 11%, 12%, 13%? I don't know, but I think that at the end of the day we are in a really good position to maximize revenue. And as I tried to state in my closing comments, look, NOI is only one contributor to our overall FFO performance. You look at joint ventures, the most successful acquisition program in the industry and all the other elements that I enumerated which I am not going to repeat, they all contribute to what we are trying to do and that is grow FFO. And we have got multiple levers that we are pulling to produce the industry's best FFO growth year in and year out.
Spencer Kirk: So, Todd, it is Spencer. As you look at our revenue management algorithm which has 56 different inputs, the whole philosophical underpinning is not about rate or occupancy, it is about maximizing revenue for a particular unit size code and a particular property, based on what we know about those elements that are under consideration. So it is not rate, it is not occupancy, it is revenue.
Spencer Kirk: Yes. I would tell you in terms of trends in the updated NAREIT I would tell you it continues to be ahead in revenues and behind on expenses. So when we said it is performing within our expectations that is in terms of NOI. So revenues are better, expenses are higher. The majority of those expenses are timing. We probably spent more earlier on R&M and on some of the office supplies, repair and maintenance type supplies than we originally estimated. And we hope to recover some of those throughout the year. But overall revenues are strong. And then in terms of same-store pool, it will go in next year, January 2017.
Spencer Kirk: So, Paul, it is Spencer. Just a couple of observations. Number one, we do triangulate to the best of our ability using broker data, our own external field observations, the hardware vendors' data and just what we hear from other sources to come up with an estimate. And when we talked about the 700 properties being built in the United States at this time, you have to recognize there are 14 states we don't even do business in. And back to my earlier comment, it really doesn't matter what the number is, it just matters what the number of properties are that are being built within your competitive trade ring, whether it is 1 mile, 2 miles, 3 miles. And I don't know how as an industry at this point we provide something that all analysts can triangulate on, but I think each of the individual public companies have generally been guiding toward what is coming up out of the ground that is within the trade area, because if it is not in the trade area it doesn't matter.
Spencer Kirk: There is a good amount of product on the market. I would say that a lot of it is of lesser quality. We think cap rates have compressed a little bit this year, maybe 25 or 50 basis points. Clearly there is a big premium for portfolios, we saw that in the large portfolio transaction that was previously announced by one of our peers. And it is just - it is a competitive landscape. The secret of self-storage is out and there is a lot of money chasing it.
Spencer Kirk: I think I would answer yes to most of your questions [with that], Steve. The fact of the matter is the market is red-hot and for Extra Space, looking at 630 assets that are not wholly owned that are in our system to us is a meaningful acquisition pipeline that we can go after for years to come. And I believe that every market travels in cycles. And although things might be extremely competitive today, that necessarily won't be the case in future years. So for us, we are going to continue to use a multi-pronged approach to growing this Company. And I have talked about several growth levers that we are employing to make sure that we deliver the industry's best result.
Spencer Kirk: George, it is Spencer. There is one other thing on this renter fatigue. I wouldn't take it too far because more than 50% of our customers walking in the door have never used self-storage ever. So they don't even know what they are up against. So it is the more mature properties where you have got a lot of really long-term tenants that you might start to feel it.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Spencer. Last night we reported FFO as adjusted of $0.94 per share, meeting the high end of our guidance. Including costs associated with acquisitions and non-cash interest expense, FFO was $0.91 per share for the quarter. Our same-store revenue growth was driven by higher rates to new and existing customers. This is consistent with our guidance which assumes minimal benefit from occupancy and discounts. The change in our same-store pool from 2015 to 2016 positively impacted our revenue growth by 30 basis points for the quarter. Our top-performing markets included Atlanta, Tampa-Saint Pete and most of the state of California, all of which experienced double-digit revenue growth. The slowest markets were Chicago, Denver, Memphis and Washington DC, each of which still had positive revenue growth. Our 2015 acquisitions, including SmartStop, are performing in line with our estimates and lease up times on our CofO deals are significantly faster than underwriting and our historical norms. Year-to-date we have closed or have under contract to close $547 million of wholly-owned acquisitions. In addition, we have $248 million in joint venture acquisitions closed or under contract. Our investment in these JVs will be $81 million this year. All of these acquisitions are expected to close in 2016. During the quarter we restructured two of our joint ventures to realize the value of our promote. The promote was exchanged for additional ownership in the joint ventures, increasing our equity position by over $40 million. At this time, we reaffirm our full-year guidance. FFO as adjusted is estimated to be $3.71 to $3.78 per share. FFO is estimated to be $3.59 to $3.66 per share. This guidance includes $0.05 of dilution from our 2015 and 2016 CofO stores. It also includes 2015 and 2016 acquisitions that, as anticipated, will require time to be brought up to our performance standards. As these properties move towards our portfolio average we expect outsized NOI growth. I will now turn the time back to Spencer.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, Ki Bin, this is Scott. The deceleration from Q1 to Q2 and from last year I would tell you is largely the result of no occupancy delta and not significant discount delta. So, last year we experienced call it 200 to 300 basis points of - we benefited 200 to 300 basis points of occupancy in discount delta. This year that has gone to minimal amounts. Our current street rates and our current achieved rates are still very solid. We are still getting, call it 6% to 8% I think, right. More recently it has been about 7%. So we are still seeing very good street rates and achieved rate growth.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, I would tell you promotions are moving in line with rate. So in other words, if rates are up 7%, discounts are up 7% also. So, discounts may be up slightly but not significantly at all or not materially. It is moving with rate.
Scott Stubbs: So it is between 60% and 65%. And that is not very much above last year. Last year was similar numbers call it low 60%s? And you also have to look not just at the percentage of customers getting the discount, you have to look at what discount they are getting. So it may be they are getting a discount but it is first month half off or something smaller than they received last year.
Scott Stubbs: The other thing I would add to that, Todd, is customers are actually staying a little bit longer. We are seeing our length of stay increase.
Scott Stubbs: You are up by about a month from where they were three to five years ago. So closer to 14 months. That is everyone that has moved-in and moved-out versus everyone that is in your property today.
Scott Stubbs: We have not seen the softening yet. We have seen it from some of the other property types, we have heard talk about it on their calls and whatnot. But as of today those markets are still very strong for us.
Scott Stubbs: Yes, so I mean our models obviously are always going to focus on maximizing revenue. And when we looked at the models early in the year and the end of last year and estimated where the model would take us, we estimated that we would have more occupancy benefit than we have had. The model has taken more rate and not pushed as much towards occupancy. There are certain markets where we have maybe tweaked the model a little bit, in markets such as Denver where we have seen some softening of occupancy. A couple of other markets where we've seen supply we have had to do the manual inputs into the model rather than - just because things were going on within that submarket or that overall market that the model - it is impossible for the model to read.
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you Boston is one that is up against tougher comps. We have seen some construction but not significant amounts of construction. Boston was a very strong market for us last year. And Washington DC is another market that has never been great. I wouldn't tell you it decelerated significantly, it has been steady.
Scott Stubbs: We actually had snow costs slightly above where we had estimated. So we had a late storm and then it is timing of some invoices and things like that. We had made some accruals, but our snow was slightly higher than what we were estimating.
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you, Vikram, over time I think it is going to be difficult. Whether that is 4Q or Q1, I don't know. I think it is going to depend a little bit on the strength of markets. But I think things will at some point revert more to the historical norm. I think that is just going to be natural. That is the beauty of a diversified portfolio, some markets will be stronger than others. You have seen some markets revert more to that historical norm already and others are lagging.
Scott Stubbs: Our payroll and our turnover is very similar to prior years and we are not seeing a lot of pressure on our wages. There's been some discussion about minimum wage and it has not become an issue for us just based on where we pay our managers today already.
Scott Stubbs: It is just a good market for us. I think again, it is the cyclical nature of it. I think Atlanta is doing really well today. I think next year it could slow a little.
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you it is probably - I think supply will have some impact but I think also it is somewhat the fatigue within a market. At some point you can't continue to push rates at 9%.
Scott Stubbs: I actually don't have that right in front of me, but I know it has been trending in line with our estimates.
Scott Stubbs: Our philosophy and our understanding is we think that we are approaching max occupancy. And the reason being is it takes time for units to turn. They typically sit vacant for a certain number of days before the new renter moves in. They don't necessarily pass each other in the hall as one is moving out and the next is moving in. And that comes from a lot of factors whether it is demand or whether that is our reservation policy at the time, where we allow someone to reserve a unit for maybe 7 days or 14 days depending on the occupancy of that unit. And then that reservation may or may not turn into a rental. So, at some point you are theoretically full, we have estimated that to be around 95%, 96%. So, 95%, is it possible? Yes. Right now we are not estimating we will hit it this year.
Scott Stubbs: Steve, I would maybe at one other possibility to kind of your realm of possibilities there and that is the deal doesn't actually sell. At some point pricing will get to that point if it continues to not meet people's IRR hurdles and their return hurdles. It is possible things don't transact.
Scott Stubbs: So it obviously it differs by market by property. If you look at where we compete with brand-new properties that are opening, I will give you a couple of examples. We had one up in Harlem where we had a property open by one of our peers, a large property that filled up quickly. Our properties still grew at almost 10% that year. Now, that is not to say it couldn't have growing at 15%, but we still had a very solid growth. We have had another property or two where for a year's time we had flat or slightly negative growth, but we haven't seen them fall off the map by any sense here.
Scott Stubbs: So, we are pretty happy with where we are. We don't see it going up significantly. But if you look at the markets historically at least recently the bets on variable-rate debt have been right. And we feel like it is at a point that is good for our shareholders as well as prudent.
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you in terms of properties we buy that were not managed as well as CofO properties there is more runway. Typically these properties are at lower rates than our properties, so we have the ability to push them for longer. And typically in a CofO store we open at a rate that is below market and so we have the ability to push rates longer because it takes them a little bit of time to get them up to Street rates or what are normal market rates.
Joe Margolis: Sure, this is Joe Margolis. We have set up several programs with local developers where they - in targeted markets they will source CO opportunities for us to review and will, in a programmatic basis, execute a number of those in joint venture in those markets.
Joe Margolis: Yes. In all of our ventures we have protections on exit so we have the opportunity to purchase. That is a very important tool for us to make sure that we have.
Joe Margolis: This is Joe again. Yes, there is a premium for secondary tertiary markets that I think is getting squeezed as people are unable to place their money into primary markets than all of a sudden Raleigh looks good. And there is probably also a premium in terms of quality.
Joe Margolis: Our sales are driven by our view - one of two things, our view of future growth opportunities, if we feel that there is a market that future growth is not going to be as robust as alternative places we could put that money. And secondly, where we have management inefficiencies. Maybe we bought a portfolio and there is a property that is in a remote area. We don't have sufficient scale to bring the full force of our management machine to - we will put that on a sales list.
Joe Margolis: So we have been successful in keeping up our acquisition pace primarily through off-market transactions and transactions we are able to generate through our management plus or joint venture pipeline. Pricing on the open market, for some of the reasons you mentioned, is difficult for us to get our minds around in general. But we still think that these other avenues of growth are going to be available to us and will continue.
Joe Margolis: Prices are good particularly in the stores we manage. We have been able to take their NOI up to very attractive levels. And it is a good time to be a seller.
Joe Margolis: And I guess lastly, as was previously mentioned, you have seen us do a few more transactions in a JV structure because we get a premium return through that structure, which helps kind of bridge the gap between market pricing and the return that we are trying to get for our shareholders.
