Spencer Kirk: Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. With me are Kent Christensen, our Chief Financial Officer and Karl Haas, our Chief Operating Officer. For some time now I have spoken of the principle of LIFO or last in, first out. And in comparison to other real estate assets, self storage would be among the last to move into the recession then it would be among the first to recover. I'm pleased to report that this theory seems to be playing out. In the second quarter our portfolio performance turned positive with year-on-year improvement for each month within the quarter on almost every metric. For the second quarter we reported $0.22 of FFO per share with revenue and NOI both positive. Our out performance was primarily due to an occupancy increase of 220 basis points, an increase in rental activity of more than 4% and a year-over-year increase in achieved asking rates of 4%. During the quarter, we completed two state-of-the-art development projects, which will further contribute to our internal growth. We have seen a slight pick up in activity in the acquisitions market and are diligently looking for accretive opportunities. We acquired four properties, three of which came from our third party management program, a proven acquisition source to fuel our external growth. We made further improvements to our balance sheet, paid off some debt early and increased our financial flexibility with the recent placement of a revolving line of credit for up to $45 million with Wells Fargo. We continue to believe that the current economic cycle will be a gradual recovery back to pre-recession levels. With that said, our high quality portfolio, advanced operating platform and embedded growth from the stabilization of our development pipeline position us to participate fully in whatever recovery may be ahead. As a result, we have grown more confident in our expectations for the remainder of the year. I will now turn the call over to Karl to discuss operations.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you, Kent. Steady improvement in our business is evident. We have shared with you our view that is the sector the self storage industry has been a good place to be during the economic downturn. And we are encouraged by our future prospects in participating in the recovery. We expect further improvement throughout the remainder of the year, but as we have seen the economic environment can change quickly. We are in a fragile economy and the Extra Space team is working hard to capture every sale and minimize expenses wherever possible to continue to grow our FFO. In addition, our development projects are budget to do add approximately $0.25 of incremental FFO over the next four to five years. Through our high quality portfolio, advanced revenue management system and technology platform and our continual expanding national footprint on the web, we are positioned for future success. I want to thank and complement our excellent team on our ongoing focus and I'm confident they will continue to perform well for the rest of the year. I also want to thank you for your interest in Extra Space. We sincerely appreciate it. I now would like to welcome your questions.
Spencer Kirk: Eric and Michael, this is Spencer. I would characterize it as this. The trends have been improving month over month and as I said in my remarks, on almost every metric during the quarter we saw improvements and we don't see any change in July in the numbers there. The consumer confidence in other things, obviously are a factor but we are not seeing something that is measurable yet.
Spencer Kirk: The month isn't over and I would say that what we've seen in the month to date activity is its trending normally and in the pattern that we've seen over the last several months. There are no aberrations that we could highlight.
Spencer Kirk: It's a resounding yeah. We've gotten better on the web. We've been testing and retesting what we present to those that are online and we've refined what we are offering considerably and the conversion rate continues to increase month-over-month. We are doing well on the web.David Toti – FBR Capital Markets: Great. Thanks for the detail, guys.
Spencer Kirk: Total penetration is approx -- It's approaching 60%. New penetration is approaching 90%.Smedes Rose – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. Great.
Spencer Kirk: What we wanted to is maximize revenue and I think it's a delicate balance between rate and occupancy. And what we have believed is that with our existing customer rate increase it's important to have occupancy because you can't pass along rate increases on empty space. And we don't know exactly what point on the occupancy curve that drives revenue maximization but we are testing and retesting and refining it. I think the results of the last quarter or the last several quarters show that we are getting closer to optimization.Michael Knott – Green Street Advisors: Thanks. And then my last question, I may have missed this earlier but I guess for Karl, what did you say the street rates increase versus sort of last year.
Spencer Kirk: It's consistent, Mike, this is Spence. Obviously we are not even through July. We’re the first to report amongst storage REITS. All I can say is the trends that we have seen during Q2 have continued in July with the normal seasonality pieces baked inform there's no aberration or anything abnormal that would cause to us temper our comments or our results and in fact the revised guidance reflects that we think things are getting closer to normalcy than they have been and that's giving us some confidence.Mike Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: That's encouraging. Then finally just a bigger picture question. And as you see operating trends improve has there been any thoughts to maybe moving back in the development a little bit, maybe not on a grand sale but doing one offs here and there, maybe on some of the parcels that you had on balance sheet that you have written off previously.
Spencer Kirk: Let's talk about development for a minute. I think what we need to recognize is first of all as Kent said earlier, getting financing or loans for development projects is extremely difficult. The way we look at getting development returns for us we need to have that kind of leverage to justify the risk, to capture the return. We made a difficult decision to shut down the development department and with the inability to get loans and talent walking out the door we don't have any plans to try and crank this up. Once again, storage development is unique to the real estate second in that it takes a couple of years to get entitlements , a year to build and then two, three, four years to lease it up. And this is not a spigot that we open and turn-off easily and we've made a decision now. Now, with that being said, there are joint venture partners out there that we may participate in one or two select opportunities where we want to be but it would be on a limited basis and it would be with a partner. But opening just begin and trying to start a development program again, I’m not going to say never but we did shutdown the development program and it is a permanent decision.Mike Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Spencer Kirk: We appreciate your participation today and we thank you for your interest in Extra Space. We look forward to the next quarterly call and we hope you have a good day. Thanks again.
Karl Haas: Thanks, Spence. We have pleased with the way our stores performed in the second quarter with improvements in virtually all the metric as we return to a normalized level of move-outs. Our same store net operating income was up 2.8% for the quarter from the same period last year and up 2.5% sequentially from the first quarter. This quarter is marked by a return to a more normal level of move-outs, which was out paced by increase in year-over-year move-ins. The level of move-outs this quarter is in line with historical trends. This is further confirmation that the recovery in our business at large continues. Importantly, the gain in net rentals is not driven by higher levels of discounting. On that front, discounts as a percentage of rental income remain in line with what we are offering in the second quarter 2009. The improvements in same store net operating income include increases in same store occupancy of 220 basis points, increases in same store revenue of 2.3% and a slight increase in expenses, which were only up 1.3%. The improvement in occupancy in the quarter is a 15 consecutive month of improvement. We have continued to see the results of active expense management as expenses have decreased by 0.4% year-to-date, basically flat with 2009. Our relatively strong performance during both the challenging and improving time is a testament to our platform. Our revenue management systems, internet marketing and national call center have allowed to us effectively read economic and market conditions on a local level and translate that into pricing changes by channel in the field. We continue to invest resources in our web technology and the results have exceeded our expectations. We believe that the systems that we have put in place to capture data and the team that in place to interpret the data continues to be a competitive advantage, especially when it comes to local operators. These systems are back stopped by excellent service at the national call center and at the individual property level. Our focus on revenue management, the quality and training of our people and constant focus on technological innovations will continue to help us to be a leader in our sector. Now with that, I would like to turn it over to Kent.
Karl Haas: No. It's, especially when you move east out of LA and into the San Bernardino and kind of north, those areas are still suffering from housing and job losses and I think it's kind of a stressed environment.
Karl Haas: Yeah. I mean, we have seen consistent, we've had consistent growth throughout the quarter. And we started the year at a delta to last year at about 1.5% to 1.6%. We ended the quarter at about 2.2%. We are going to starting to against a little bit tougher numbers from last year, because we kind of bottomed out last year in April. But the rentals are still above last year. Vacates now are above last year, but the rentals are ahead of the vacates as far as the delta.
Karl Haas: Well, last year we were going -- You got to remember last year the rentals were down. Not dramatically but in the first half of the year they were down. Luckily, so were the vacates starting in April. So I'm not sure that it's really, through this whole thing, really all through 2009 our rentals are only down 1.9% and that was in the, with the first half of the year being especially the first four, five months of the year being considerably down from the prior year. So I'm not sure we've ever really seen the fall off in rentals. What really hurt us was in the latter half of 2008 and early 2009 was a fairly dramatic increase in vacates.
Karl Haas: I really can’t say that I have. That I had, it may be but I don't know the anything that we've seen that can, would tell us that it's one group. The one thing that certainly surprises me and through this whole thing is that with the lack of movement in housing, that we haven't been more hurt by the, just, people not moving as much as they were. But we've really held pretty consistent.
Karl Haas: They were off market deals and that's the beauty of the three plus program or the third party management because we are managing it. Because we have the relationship, the owners typically come to us and say if you'll give me a fair price, let's just skip brokerage fees and everything else and let's conduct a quiet transaction. And I think it's one of the strategic strengths of the third party program as an acquisition pipeline.
Karl Haas: This is Karl. I will add to this. One thing that comes into play is that there's no broker involved when we are buying, we buy indirectly which is an advantage to the seller. And the other piece is that when we already manage the property, our underwriting is a lot more confident because we are running the property. We are not working with somebody else's numbers. We know what the property is capable of doing. And we have a much more in depth knowledge of the property. And that really helps and also enables us to move relatively quickly.
Karl Haas: I'm not sure that we are, that we are saying we’re going to be able to push the street rates that percentage that much more above last year but we are hoping to hold that somewhere in that range.Michael Knott – Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thank you.
Karl Haas: We’re kind of topping out and it's, I think, we -- when we take over new properties we have some upside on those. But on the mature properties we are getting to a point where our goal for this year is to get to 60%. We’re at 59-point something percent and it's very, we are moving very, very slowly up. We’re still getting a little bit of gain but it's, it's moving much -- much more slowly and we are really sensing that we are probably topping out.Mike Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
Kent Christensen: Thanks. Last night, we reported FFO including the diluted impact of our development program of $0.22. This was $0.02 ahead of the top end of our guidance range. Better property performance and lower interest costs contributed to our earnings coming in ahead of our estimate. During the quarter, we placed two development projects and service for $21.3 million and closed on four acquisitions, totaling $17.2 million. These properties were purchased with the combination of cash on hand and one assumed loan. We retired $100 million debt in advance of its August maturity date, using cash-on-hand as well as an additional $60 million CMBS debt coming due in 2014. The extinguishment of debt freed up 26 previously encumbered properties on which new debt can be placed. The early pay off of this debt will result in interest savings of $1.2 million in 2010. We have reached a point, where trends have stabilized and we feel we have the ability to get loans against our existing properties. Debt and equity is more available and we no longer feel the need to carry large amounts of cash as ability in insurance policy. As of June 30, we have $28.4 million of cash and $29 million of capacity on our line of credit. In addition, we have unencumbered asset base of 66 wholly-owned properties on which we can place loans of up to an estimated $280 million. We are please to do say that the acquisitions environment has become somewhat more active. We closed on four properties during the quarter and one since the ends of the quarter. We current have five additional properties with signed agreements and are reviewing additional assets for purchase. Of the four properties acquired during the quarter, three were from our third party management portfolio, underscoring this as an opportunity for selective external growth. On the third party management front, we increased our properties under management by 18 during the quarter and eight subsequent to the end of the quarter. We now have 148 sites under management, making us the largest self storage management company in the United States. Each of these sights is branded as Extra Space Storage and marketed in a consistent way with our own sites and one brand with no differentiation. Since the inception of our formal third party management program in 2008, we have added approximately 100 properties. Third party management gives us a stable and long-term pipeline for external growth, incremental revenue and additional assets over which we can spread our overhead. Given the improvement in our business, we are increasing our annual guidance range for FFO to $0.82 to $0.85 per share. This increase is driven by better than expected results in the first half of the year and lower expected interest rates. Including tenant insurance, our annual same store revenue range is now positive 0.5% to a positive 1.5%. We also adjusted our same store expense assumption to flat to up 1%. Consequently, our annual same store NOI guidance is now flat to a positive 2%. As visibility for this calendar year continues, we will adjust our forecast accordingly. With that, I will turn the call back to Spencer.
Kent Christensen: This is Kent. Three of the five are from our third party management business and we are targeting high sevens to low eight cap rates.
Kent Christensen: Yeah. That's part of it. They feel like the occupancies in numbers. But we are using trailing 12 numbers. We are not using numbers as of today. And so it's a backward looking 12 months based on where the properties are performing.
Kent Christensen: The $100 million was in, both of them were -- one was at the end of May, the $60 million, the other the first part of June, the $100 million.
Kent Christensen: There was not. We were fortunate in that the 2014 loan was a loan that extended last year. And when it extended the part of the extension was from then on. There were no more prepayment penalties.
Kent Christensen: No. We are actively managing our, the interest rate risk that we have where we are constantly looking at the different loans and whether or not we can be locking in those loans. We have one loan that's the Zions loan that we had and we were able to get that loan locked and lock the interest rate on that one. So we are looking at each of the individual loans and looking at ways of hedging our interest rate risk. We will have some amount of variable rate debt. But we are trying to lock in as much as debt as we can as fixed rate.
Kent Christensen: This is Kent. I don't have that exact number but my guess is going to be that it's 50/50.Todd Thomas – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Kent Christensen: This is Kent. Our experience, what we've found in buying our assets from our third party managed business is that the only way that that really works is if we are competitive in our pricing and buying those assets. If these are generally pretty sophisticated real estate people and they know that if we are getting a real good deal, they are going to take it to the market and sell it. So we are probably talking 10 or 15 basis points. We are not talking 50 or 100 basis points. It would be a small amount. We have to give them a competitive price. Otherwise they are going to take it to the market and sell it.
Kent Christensen: Within total, we have the properties that are stabilized are in the high sevens and the lease up properties are in the eights.
Kent Christensen: The answers are, yeah, they've changed. The initial yields I think on those projects were in the eights. So this, we approved these projects and, two, over two years ago which when we had been in the height of the market of development and acquisitions and my guess is now that they are between 50 and 100 basis points less than that now. In that, the properties are all of our development properties are filling up basically on pace for what we expected, but we are getting 10% to 15% less in rents than what we expected.
Kent Christensen: Growing at a partner, they needed to do get some cash so he came to us and asked us if we would buy him out of his partnership. We were able to negotiate a price that it was acceptable to him and that's why we bottom out. It was a very small amount of our cash, a very small amount.Smedes Rose – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. Thank you.
Kent Christensen: If it all closed it would be about $27 million.Michael Knott – Green Street Advisors: Okay. And then just a question for Spencer. I think on the last call, you had mentioned that the way you would think about the decision to raise equity would be deal driven. Just to be curious, did these not meet your expectations for deals that you thought the market would like or is this share price related or you do not think you need additional equity or just sort of update us on how you are thinking on that particular question.
Kent Christensen: Well, we know that the, some properties were taken back by Wells Fargo. Wells Fargo is looking at marketing those assets. We’re in the preliminary stages of getting information about that. So that's all we have right now is just what the information that Wells Fargo is going to plan on marketing the properties that we took back. But as of yet, I can't -- I don't know what the total pricing is yet on things like that. I think there's 26 properties but that's all the information I have right now.
Kent Christensen: We've been told that they wanted to do something quickly but quickly for that size of portfolio would probably be two or three months.
Kent Christensen: Yeah. We have looked at that. It is another form of being able to raise equity. I think it raise equity. I think it goes back to the comment Spencer made to you a few minutes ago which is, if we decide to do sell stock, that would be a program we would look at in addition to other ones. But in the case where we are right now it's a program but it's not one that we need to be working on since we are not in the process of needing to sell any stock right now.Michael Knott – Green Street Advisors: Thank you.
