Spencer Kirk: Hello everyone. Thank you for joining us today. With me are Kent Christensen, our Chief Financial Officer and Karl Haas, our Chief Operating Officer. Since we spoke in late February economic recovery appears to be gaining more stem as does our property performance. As I noted in both the second and third quarters of last year, we began to see concerns of bottoming out, what we were reluctant to call an inflection point. Expense did not indicate a V shape rebound and given our (inaudible) visibility we were not ready to found the all clear bell. Several quarters later improving operating as business fundamentals have persisted and must be acknowledge. In the first quarter we report a net $0.19 of FFO per share, street rates are up, occupancy is up and that again shows income is up. We’ve improved our balance sheet and occupancy and use of cash. It is worth to note that during this quarter we completed and brought online one state of the art development project which property along the remainder of the development pipeline and existing lease of assets combined to add an incremental $0.24 to $0.27 of FFO to our earnings over the next 45 years. I made it clear during the downturn the storages recessionary symptom not recession proof. We see further evidence of this hypothesis based on the performance of our portfolio. The storage in the first quarter help us the economy concerns. We are eager to see the boost in sub stores demand from improvements in job growth, the (inaudible) in housing markets and continually rising consumer settlement. This is why (inaudible) recovery is back to recession level. However we are confident that our high quality portfolio of advanced operating platforms and better development pro have lack of new self-storage of supply will provide a base for solid results going forward. Let me now turn the call over to Karl Haas to set operations.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Kent. Before we go up for a Q&A. First I want to thank you for your interest in Extra Space. We can certainly appreciate it. Secondly, I want thank and complement our excellent team under focused and execution in the first quarter. And confidence they were continued to perform well for the rest of the year. The improvement in our business is that that we believe that the pace of improvement will be steady. Going back to last year, I spoke very clearly about our lack of visibility into the future given the unprecedented financial and economic (inaudible). Up until several weeks ago we remained reluctant to translate the improving trends since more optimistic guidance. Current economic growth from the recent deep recession is approximately one half the growth rates compared to previous recessions. Therefore our internal prognostication tells easy recovery is a decent or more as a (inaudible). Incremental improvement with the broader rate positive slow. Clearly a healthier economic environment will be good for Extra Space and the industry as a whole. Our sizing strategy, our ability to improve occupancy and the lease up of our development properties will provide significant opportunities for growth. We believe our balance sheet, capital flexibility and our joint venture in third-party relationship position us to capitalize on potential growth opportunities. Self-storage business has been a good place to be during the downturn and we are encouraged by our future prospects. We now welcome your questions.
Spencer Kirk: This is Spencer, Eric. The assumption that we’ve used on that is that the lease up is continuing but we are seeing that somewhat softer pricing and the market is healing and we hope that the pricing will return to more normal level, but I think the basic assumption as yes it might be slightly slower but the primary reason is the rates are off a bit.
Spencer Kirk: I think there are a few things that I might offer, number one, the North East with its population, density with the governmental spending with a lot of things that drive the demand for our product. It’s to be expected. What’s interesting for us is as you look at the challenged markets like Phoenix, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, The England Empire, other places, there is lot of speculative buildings and not a lot of people to put things and store it a good case in point would be Las Vegas where a lot of homes were built, those homes were never occupied with individuals with real possessions or belongings. When the bus came along, there was no driver for storage. So we like where population is for the real people with real assets and real-life changing events, not the empty homes that don’t drive the demand.
Spencer Kirk: Excellent question Ki Bin, this is Spencer. We have anticipated this question. If I could talk about equity issuance, I would simply offer a little perspective from our philosophy. First of all, as a shareholder and a fiduciary for shareholders, I am really glad that a year-ago when there was intense pressure to issue equity, so we did do so at $6. I also have to say under intense pressure, I was glad that we as a team decided not to issue equity at $10 or $12. And today the fundamental vexing question is this, where would we put that capital to work to the benefit of the shareholders? The acquisitions market as Kent indicated is stagnant and we have been able to in the most difficult economic environment in decades in just 2009 of paying $341 million worth of new financing. And I think Kent talked about a $106 million in new term sheets alone during the quarter on top of the $158 million of capacity in cash and credit that we have today. So for us, if there is an opportunity to put the capital to work, we are interested in issuing equity. But given that the environment is not clear for acquisitions and it’s not compelling, we consider it daily, we discuss it as management team, it’s a topic that the Board visits frequently. But we have not been compelled to action and that’s kind of how we are looking at it.
Spencer Kirk: We never say never. What I would say Ki Bin is that as we look at storage, we think that storage is a business that can’t support a higher leverage ratio. We have a very diversified portfolio, so regionally we are not going to be challenged with operations in 33 states and Washington DC. We have got good geographic diversity. We have over $400,000 customers. In the last 12 months, 275,000 new customers have come to us and we don’t subscribe that one debt-to-equity ratio supports all types of real estate product types, storage is not the same as retail, and hospitality is not the same as apartments. Every sector has its own need. And for us, we think that storage can interest and should support a higher leverage ratio. So for us today, given the fact that we are able to get financing on our stabilized assets and we have done so to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars and banks are willing to lend to us, and we have cash on hand. What we would like to do is really see an opportunity materialize or opportunities present themselves that would compel us to say yes, now it’s the time to go out and issue equity.
Spencer Kirk: I don’t have the exact CapEx number. We can provide that to you. But we spend in the range of about $0.35 a square foot on the owned portfolio. We continue to probably spend a little bit more than many of our competitors, because we continue to try to operate our portfolio. And as far as the square foot occupancy delta, I believe we –
Spencer Kirk: Pretty much consistent through the quarter. Remembering that in February the prior year we had done a large rate increase. So the percentage kind of fluctuated a little bit in February.
Spencer Kirk: Well, in general, the stronger markets get – the way our system works is the stronger the market the stronger the occupancy, the higher rates are going to be pushed. So it really follows where the markets the strongest. And Maryland, the northeast are the very strong and are getting probably the highest street rate increases. And California, Las Vegas, Phoenix, Florida are at the other end of the spectrum.
Spencer Kirk: I think it’s a (inaudible). We really have not – we adjusted a little bit seasonally but very little.
Spencer Kirk: Just one another comment. One of the things we need to look at on debt and some of the things that we have got out there is (the fees), look at commissions, underwriting cost, the fees and a lot of other things, and it’s just not simple black and white. I think I probably can provide a more clear answer on that but a spike or a recent surge over the last two weeks makes things interesting but we need to see some real stability before we pull a level on something like that.
Spencer Kirk: It’s currently in the mid-to-high 50s. We are on 57%. We are hoping that it will top out around 100%. We don’t know we are at 50 – it’s certainly the rate of growth has slowed. We are still making though every month increases in our overall penetration.
Spencer Kirk: It was probably – I don’t remember, it was probably below. I think our goal for 2009 was to hit 50, and we exceeded it sometime in the – I think in the latter half of the year.
Spencer Kirk: This is Spencer. Thank you for your participation today. We will look forward to our next quarterly conference call with you, and again we appreciate your support and interest in Extra Space.
Karl Haas: Thanks Spence. Overall we are pleased with the way our platform has performed in the first quarter. Our same store performance was solid given the operating conditions with same store net operating income down just 0.3% from the same time last year compared to down 4% in the fourth quarter of 2009. Revenues were down only 1% year-over-year versus minus 6.9% in the fourth quarter. Our same store expenses were down 2% driven by lower utilities, property taxes and insurance. Receivables continued to try under historic lows. We gained 1.8% in same store occupancy delta mostly from the impact of lower vacates which were down 8.5% from the first quarter of 2009. This compares very favorably to the 1.1% delta in December 2009. This has been the trend we have observed over that last 12 months are we are watching carefully as we enter a busy season. New rentals were down a bit year-over-year, mostly due to a slow February which was driven by bad weather in East Coast. In April, we have seen a welcome pickup with a 6% increase in rentals over 2009. Revenues have improved significantly from our year-over-year low your down on this 5% in September ‘09 and we have increased positive year-over-year revenue delta improvement, we’ve seen increase year-over-year revenue delta improvement each month since and street were asking rates are now up 7% over last year. We continue to find the tools and analytics that allow us to test pricing and optimizer yield. We are achieving growth in rates and occupancy while offering price and flexibility to our customers, meaning that we are pricing based on the channel. Additionally, we’ve continued to implement our existing customer rate increase program. We are still seeing no material increase in move out through due to these rate increases. At our national sales centers which is now been employees over a year, we continue to meet or exceed our initial performance or expectation. We continue to improve our personnel and approach to handling call which is resulting in improved conversion rates month after month. We don’t mean to drag but our NSC sales people do an excellent job and I want to invite of you to call them and put them to the test. Just make sure you have a credit card ready when you call, you’ll find a knowledgeable and aggressive sales team in place as good if not better than the call centers of any of our competitors. We believe that our call center is a competitive advantage that will help Extra Space drive our performance over time and will continue to get even better. As Spencer said, the turnaround of our business is promising as the economy continues to stabilize, but we strongly believe that it results to a function of our robust operating platform, our technology, our scale, our superior location and our driving of the basics of the business. As you know we emphasize the revenue management program, the quality and training of our people and constant focus on technological innovation to make the business even more efficient. And now I’d like to turn it over to Kent.
Karl Haas: This is Karl. I am yet to say it’s stabilized early in the recession. We would talk to our field people, we would hear constantly about small businesses, closing our shop, giving up their storage units. We hear much less of that now. I don’t know that we have a great influx but the departures they happen probably early in the recession have now abated.
Karl Haas: Let me clarify because that came from – this is Karl, it came from me. It’s 51 of the 53 districts, company for the first quarter; their delta in net rental income improved in the first quarter over the fourth quarter of 2009. So we saw movement in the right direction. It does not mean that we had positive growth in 51 of the 53 districts.
Karl Haas: Let’s pick a market. If the delta in any market, let’s say Boston was minus 1.6 in the fourth quarter of 2009, in the first quarter of ‘10, it was positive 0.3. So we had an improvement from minus 1.6 to positive plus 0.3.
Karl Haas: April last year was a very, very bad month. So I have to admit that April was probably an easier comp.
Kent Christensen: Thanks. Last night, we reported FFO including the diluted impact of our development program of $0.19. This was $0.02 ahead of the top end of our guidance range. Property performance, tenant insurance, interest costs and G&A all contributed to our earnings coming at ahead of our estimate. During the quarter, we close in our previously announced 19 property Harrison Street joint venture which assumed a $101 million of debt. We also paid off $45.5 million of secured mortgages during the quarter. We have a $100 million of debt that is maturing in August and we will be using our cash on hand to retire this debt. We are also analyzing the balance of our maturities to identify loans with minimal prepayment penalties to further reduce our outstanding debt. Despite the short term dilutive nature of carrying a $100 million in our balance sheet, it affords us security and flexibility. We clearly have term sheets for an additional $106 million in secured financing. As of today, we have a $108 million of cash and $50 million of capacity on our undrawn line of credit, for a total of $158 million. We will continue to put loans on our unencumbered properties to address our remaining 2012 maturities and beyond. We currently have 61 unencumbered fully owned properties on which we can place loans. Out of 70% loan to value in our 7.5 cap rate, we believe we could receive loans in the amount of $236 million on these properties. The acquisitions environment remains stagnant, those very little activity we are looking a potential deals in remain diligent in keeping our pulse on the market. We do continue to see some of the same properties over and over again being marketed. Most of our acquisition discussions involved new lease up type assets. We are seeing good traction in our third party management business. We’ve increased our properties under management by 18 and have a 142 properties in our pipeline. Given the incremental improvement in our business, we are increasing our annual guidance range for FFO to $0.78 to $0.84 per share. The increase is driven by an improved outlook in our same store performance including a higher tenant insurance and lower than expected interest rates. Including tenant insurance, our annual same store range is now negative five to positive one. We also adjusted our same store expense assumption to flat to up to 2%. These changes result in a change in our annual same store analytic items to negative two to a positive 1.5. As visibility for this calendar year continues to improve, we will adjust our forecast accordingly. With that I’d like to turn the call back to Spencer.
Kent Christensen: This is Kent. We are still getting quotes for new loans. But I would have to say that as a whole, those that spreads and things have not tightened, we are still seeing similar kinds of quotes as to what we were seeing six to nine months ago.
Kent Christensen: In the current numbers, the difference between the with and without is about 50 basis points on the revenue side. So, for example, our current estimate is a negative 0.5 to 1, without our tenant insurance, it would be a negative 1 to a positive 0.5 or effectively 50 basis points on both the top and bottom end of that range.Todd Thomas – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. So essentially on an apples-to-apples basis from last quarter, you brought up the bottom end of revenue growth about 50 basis points.
Kent Christensen: It depends, Todd, if I could be honest with you. On one end of the spectrum, if we have one property in the Southern California, it’s a very profitable business for us, because all of our fixed expenses are largely covered. If we have to add a 100 properties into the system, obviously we need to add a Divisional Vice President, we need to add five or six District Managers, you have got Human Resource, you’ve got Property Accounts, you have got a lot of overheads that needs to come in. Whether it’s one property or a 100, however, we believe that it is a profitable business for us. It’s a business that we want to be in, it’s a business that we add value to the customer, and it’s a business that increases our national footprint and helps us build the brand, so that we can really be effective and efficient on the main marketing channels that drive this business.Todd Thomas – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Kent Christensen: Yes, this is Kent. I guess I would – in that this product type was able to get loans throughout the whole period of the last 12 to 18 months. I would think that our property type was been a little more consistent and so the fact that you are not seeing spreads come down is more a reflection of that they didn’t go way up a year ago and it’s more in line with where the market has been over a longer term basis. So that’s my guess as to why I was always a little – I didn’t understand how come a year ago we were not getting much higher spreads on the quotes we were getting from our banks than we were getting. So the fact that they are still similar where they are today is not too surprising to me. On the CMBS side, we haven’t had contacts with a number of banks. To deal with CMBS loan, we are actually working through a process of getting some properties through some CMBS lenders to find out exactly what the exact terms and conditions would be. About the quotes that we have been given from the people that we are talking to and these are the sales people, these are not actual term sheets yet, we would be in the high fives to the low sixes based on what the length of time is that we would want to lock in the loans, if they were 5, 7, or 10 years. It would be some kind of a spread over the applicable treasuries. But the total (OEM) interest, fixed interest rate would be for that period of time like I said in the rounds – high fives, low sixes.
Kent Christensen: This is Kent. Your question is very good. That assumes that the investment banks that we would do businesses wouldn’t charge us any fees for doing the transaction. So your bank is willing to help go down that path and that would be an accretive transaction for so. So those are – what you have describe are the kind of discussions that we have here, and with the stock spiking in the last two weeks, it has had a little more interesting scenarios for what it is we might be able to do. But the discussion that Spencer had was and what he was proposing was over the last 18 months, most of our discussions have been about doing the equity to pay down debt. Where we are today it’s a little more opportunistic (period) for us to be able to do other things with where the stock is at. So this was always on the table. It’s always an option, it’s things we are constantly discussing.
