Joe Margolis: Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter call and for your interest in Extra Space Storage. 4 months into the year, 2018 is progressing as planned. We held occupancy through the winter months and ended the quarter with over 92%, 10 basis points ahead of 2017. The steady demand for our need-based product, together with our ability to capture customers, not only allowed us to maintain occupancy but also gave us pricing power. This pricing power drove same-store revenue growth of 5.2% in the quarter and positions us well heading into the summer leasing season. We continue to see new supply, which has an impact on performance in certain submarkets. However, our digital marketing platform is doing a great job driving qualified traffic, and our proprietary revenue management systems are optimizing price and promotion to convert the traffic to rentals. Our technological advantage over smaller operators, together with our diversified portfolio, have led to steady performance. In periods of elevated supply and heightened competition, the advantages held by the larger operators become more apparent, and we see that in the market today. We continue to have success acquiring properties through off-market transactions. In the quarter, we invested $71 million in 6 acquisitions and completed a $40 million development. All but one of these acquisitions were from existing relationships where we did not have to compete on the open market. Subsequent to quarter-end, we closed a buyout of a joint venture partner's interest in a 14-property portfolio for $204 million. While the cap rate for the portfolio was at market, the sale resulted in Extra Space realizing an embedded promoted interest in the joint venture of $14 million. After crediting the promoted interest to Extra Space, the effective first year cap rate was approximately 6%. We continue to explore opportunities to enhance shareholder returns through mutually beneficial partnerships. We also continue to see significant growth in our third-party management platform. In the quarter, we added 41 stores and we expect to add a similar amount in the second quarter. Additions to our third-party platform continue to be a mix of newly constructed and existing properties, bringing high-quality stores into our system as well as additional income. Between our third-party program and our JV stores, we have 672 managed stores, which continues to be the largest in the business. I would now like to turn the time over to Scott.
Joe Margolis: So demand continues to be very steady. We don't see any turndown in demand across any of our channels. Our net rentals were actually up in the first quarter, and we're very positive on that in the winter months.
Joe Margolis: I think if you look at move-ins in the first quarter versus move-outs in the first quarter, you'll see we were positive and very consistent with our 8-year average.
Joe Margolis: So we project, as Scott mentioned in his remarks, that we're going to have -- we're going to use the discounting tool more in the summer and that will provide a little bit of a drag. We're continuing to face development cycle, new supply, and that affects certain of our properties. That being said, we feel we're putting up good numbers and performing well in the face of the new supply. And we have increasing interest rates, which also be an effect.
Joe Margolis: We're certainly right in the heart of the development cycle and more of our stores are being impacted this year than last year. And the markets that are problematic continue to be some of the markets that we've talked about in the past, New York City, Dallas, we see South Florida. And then we're starting to see markets like Tampa or Portland, Phoenix that we're actually doing very well in now, but we feel there is some supply coming in those markets. Again, and I don't feel like I want to repeat myself, but even in the face of this development cycle, we're coming out of the winter months at 92% occupied -- occupancy with positive rent growth. And we have many markets that we're not facing similar supply challenges. We have a broadly diversified portfolio and we have highly, highly developed proprietary systems that maximize revenue in the face of new competition. So we're not ignoring new supply, we understand what it is, our guidance reflects it, but we're able to operate pretty well in the face of these conditions.
Joe Margolis: Smedes, I'm surprised as you are that we haven't seen any increases in cap rates. Certainly, deceleration increasing in interest rates, other factors would make you think there should be some price movement. But I think all of that is offset by just a large, large amount of lots and different types of capital seeking exposure to self-storage space. And deals are transacting and we see lots of capital from large private equity funds to more regional people who just put together a small pool of money, and they're buying self-storage. On the development side, there are factors that I would expect to slow down the development factor. Construction costs have increased even before the steel tariffs were announced. Steel was up 15%. Construction costs are up. Labor costs are up. Interest rate costs are up. So when you take all of those factors on the cost side and if you do honest underwriting on the revenue side, development yields are starting to shrink. And it's certainly our hope that, that will slow down some of the development that should be taking place right now.
Joe Margolis: We were working on it at the last report, but it was not in any way firmed up. We did not know about it earlier -- much earlier than that. This is a single client account of one of our partners that is in somewhat of a drawdown mode and they're liquidating properties to generate cash, and we were able to take advantage of that.
Joe Margolis: Well, that's hard to comment on other than it's a management-intensive business. And if someone was going to make a play for a large company, they would have to have a way to operate it. And I'm assuming if they're going after a public company that means they're not happy with the current operators, so they have to figure that out. I don't know whether that's -- if that's going to happen or not.
Joe Margolis: So we have a variety of partners. Some are with perpetual life open-end funds that may never sell, and others are either closed-end funds or IR-driven or have other incentives, and it's truly a case-by-case basis.
Joe Margolis: And overall, we're targeting to remain leverage neutral. So while we'll fund this with debt, we're -- because of our NOI growth, we're maintaining a leverage-neutral position.
Joe Margolis: So the -- all of the increase in our expectations is this one transaction, the JV buyout. Other than that, our acquisition volumes are as projected. But we are seeing folks who have built a new self-storage facility. They're somewhere in the lease-up process. And either it's not going as well as the expected or it's not going as well as the bank's expected, or they're nervous about the future and they want to take their chips off the table, we are seeing some of those opportunities. But again, pricing has got to be right for us to transact, Scott.
Joe Margolis: Yes. I'm not sure it was such a change that we can -- one quarter change of that magnitude can -- we can call a trend or point to some big change in the market. We continue to do much better outside of the boroughs. We have about 4% revenue increase outside of the boroughs. And inside the boroughs, we are sub-2%. That being said, we only have eight stores in the boroughs, so it's a very small sample. But we don't see any significant change in the market.
Joe Margolis: Sure. So 14 properties in 12 states, very highly diversified across the country. These are properties that we acquired in the Storage USA transaction, so they're older properties. We know them a very well. They're stabilized. As you know, as properties get older, they get a larger proportion of long-term customers, so they just get more and more stable. And we -- acquiring from a JV partner from a management is a very safe transaction for us. We know the assets very well. We know the cash flows. We know if the roof leaks, et cetera, et cetera. We have no transition costs, no branding costs, no broker costs. We acquired them at a -- we didn't steal the properties in any way, we acquired them in the market cap rate in the mid-5s. But one of the big benefits here is this venture had a very traditional promote structure where, upon liquidation, if the venture received a certain return threshold, any points above that, we got a disproportionate share of those of funds, we got to promote. And now it's $14 million in this case. And that was nowhere on our books and we're unable to access that without this type of transaction. So even without that, this was a good market safe deal for us. But with that, it provided us with some additional benefit.
Joe Margolis: So in effect, it reduces the purchase price. So if the 100% purchase price is $225 million, we don't have to pay for our 5%, nor do we have to pay for the $14 million. So it just reduces cash out of our pockets to buy $225 million worth of real estate.
Joe Margolis: So there was about $89 million worth of debt that we assumed and we're currently considering whether to keep that or extend it or do something with that debt. But as of today, we assume that debt and the rest went on our line.
Joe Margolis: I would tell you that we've had the same goal throughout, which is to maximize revenue, and that we are always testing and trying different things to achieve that goal.
Joe Margolis: Some of the C of O deals we agree to issue OP units for. So in effect that is a forward equity issuance.
Joe Margolis: Yes. Really 2 reasons. One is what you point out, is the mix of tenants. But the other is, frequently, our older assets are an older generation. They are a lot of single-story drive-up units. And much of the new supply are multistory interior climate control. And we have a product that they don't have. The older drive-up is very attractive and some of the new supply can't offer that.
Joe Margolis: That is correct. And as we track -- do our best to track quarter-to-quarter on not only new deliveries but what's in the pipeline in permitting our new construction, we see development moving from markets like Dallas that are saturated to other markets and we then base our projections on what we think is going to happen at those markets. It's hard to be exact because a lot of stuff that is planned doesn't eventually get built. But a good proportion of it does and it impacts our stores.
Joe Margolis: I'm not sure you're missing anything other than it's important to slice the gross data by market. So the fact that the same amount of stores may get delivered in one year or the next year, if they're delivered in different markets, it will have less of an impact, right? If everything keeps getting built in Dallas and Miami, it's going to be a disaster. But it's not the case. People are starting to look elsewhere and build elsewhere. So there's still a lot of development, but it's -- I think it's getting spread more rationally, if you will, across markets. Don't mean to suggest everything is rational, every development that's going in makes sense, but there is some market forces pushing development to where it should be.
Joe Margolis: So it's interesting. If you talk to the folks who have been in the business for some period of time who are a little more experienced, they absolutely are canceling projects and pulling back. And the folks you see who are more excited about going forward are maybe more of the newcomers to the markets, to the business.
Joe Margolis: I think that is one factor, absolutely. A second factor I would tell you is that the performance of the large operators just continues to outpace on a larger and larger basis the smaller operators. And as the market gets tough, even the existing operators realize they need a professional platform. So about 40% of the stores that we're bringing on are existing stores, are not new developments. So I think you're right, and then I think it's also second factor.
Joe Margolis: So I would tell you that for folks who we already manage for, almost never. Although we do have some folks we manage for that split between us and [Q]. For new people, they almost always will look at more than one option. And we're not -- we are the high-cost option, right? We're not the cheapest out there. We're the most expensive out there. And as our numbers show, we've been able to compete very, very well based on not how much we charge but how much money we're going to put into the owners' pockets.
Joe Margolis: Thank you all for joining us today. 2018 is shaping up as expected, and we anticipate another strong year for Extra Space. We continue to experience solid property level NOI growth and consistent external growth through acquisitions and third-party management. Our investments in people, technology and systems have strengthened our operational platform, and we have had excellent execution throughout the organization, resulting in continued peer outperformance. I want to thank you all for your interest in Extra Space and participating, and I hope everyone has a good day.
Scott Stubbs: Thank you, Joe, and hello, everyone. Our core FFO for the quarter was $1.09 per share, exceeding the high end of our guidance by $0.01. The beat was primarily due to better-than-expected property performance and lower-than-anticipated interest expense due to the timing of acquisitions. As Joe mentioned, our same-store revenue growth was 5.2% for the quarter. This was primarily driven by new customer rate growth, which was up 4% to 5% year-over-year. Discounts were down a percentage of revenue in Q1. However, we project discounts to increase in upcoming quarters as we expect to use them more heavily in the summer months. Same-store expenses were up 6.9%, which is a significant increase from the low expense levels we have seen in the last several quarters. However, it was not a surprise. Due to a very difficult Q1 2017 expense comp of negative 2%, we expected higher expense growth in the first quarter. The increases can largely be attributed to property taxes, which, while elevated, were on budget; and outsized snow removal and utility expenses. Snow removal and utility overages were driven by weather events in the Northeast and came in approximately $1 million over budget and $1.1 million over last year's numbers. We've revised our guidance and annual assumptions for 2018. We raised the bottom end of our same-store revenue guidance by 25 basis points to 3.5% to 4.25%. We have done the same for the same-store expense growth, which is also revised at 3.5% to 4.25%, resulting in same-store NOI growth of 3.25% to 4.5%. We also increased our acquisition guidance to $600 million to reflect the JV buyout we just closed. Of the $600 million, $482 million is closed or under contract. The $118 million that is not closed or under contract is projected to close towards the end of the year and won't have a material impact on our earnings. Seller pricing expectations are still high and we are committed to being disciplined. While we expect additional opportunities throughout the year, we will only transact the prices that will create value for our shareholders even if that means investing less than our guidance. Our full year core FFO is estimated to be between $4.57 and $4.66 per share. In 2018, we anticipate $0.06 of dilution from value-add acquisitions and an additional $0.15 of dilution from C of O stores for a total dilution of $0.21. Our investments in our C of O stores and value-add acquisitions continue to improve the quality of our portfolio and generate long-term growth for our shareholders. With that, now let's turn it over to Jeff to start our Q&A.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. During the first quarter, we saw new customers come in at rates that are 4% to 5% above last year, and April continues to be pretty consistent with the first quarter.
Scott Stubbs: Nick, if you look at the big changes in guidance, they're primarily related to interest expense, which obviously increases due to the $200 million acquisition which we financed all with debt. And then, also, we increased interest expense slightly due to a change in the LIBOR curve, which you've seen recently. In addition to that, we had a slight adjustment in our tenant insurance and a couple of other items. But those are the big kind of puts and takes, and then also the benefit of the $200 million acquisition we just did.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So our guidance is up from $400 million to $600 million. So we are not quite double. We left the same $50 million in equity in there. We're always looking at the best source of capital. I think that equity is always an option. It's -- for modeling purposes, we used the $50 million and it doesn't really move your ratios much to go from $400 million to $600 million. In terms of your share count, part of that is timing on when those OP units were issued, they pushed towards later in the year. And again, we're always going to try to use the cheapest cost of capital possible. And equity, if we were to ever issue equity, you'd want to do it when your stock is appropriately valued and you'd want to do it when you have somewhere to put that money to work. We don't look to issue equity just to pay down debt. We feel like equity is more expensive than debt.
Scott Stubbs: And if you look at where our acquisitions are weighted this year, excluding this $200 million transaction, there's a lot of C of O deals that we've been working on for the past several years and those are just completing this year and will close this year.
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you, it proceeded pretty similar to what we expected. I think that we expected there to be a boost this year but not as large as last year. I don't recall saying the 50. I think we are expecting it to be closer to where it is today, and then going to zero by the end of the year. So I would tell you, our same-store -- the benefit from change in pool is pretty similar to what we were expecting.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. I would tell you it's an assumption where discounts will be higher in the summer months. And the assumption is, in order to keep rate, we are going to discount more. You really have the option of cutting rates, increasing discounts, increasing marketing spend. And kind of based on our plan this summer, the assumption is we will increase discounts.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. That is -- continues to be our expectation that, primarily due to the summer month-discounting which is going, which may depress those months a little bit, we'll see acceleration in the back half of the year.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So last year in the first quarter, about 82% of our customers coming in the door got discounts compared to 59% in the first quarter of '18. So last year, you're discounting at just over 4% of revenue. This year, you're just under 4% of revenue in the first quarter. During the summer months, you have 60% of customers roughly, in the second and third quarter, getting discounts and was -- and then, call it, just under 4%. We're assuming that will be above 4% and above the 60% of new customers coming in the door and getting discounts. And part of it is also a discount mix. It might be last year you were giving half a month free, now it's a full month free.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. I would tell you, it really depends on the number of stores you're adding to the same-store pool each year and then the mix of those stores. So going from '16 to '17, we added the SmartStop acquisition. It was 122 stores that we had purchased that still had a small amount of rate growth in them and maybe a small amount of lease-up, so last year received a bigger benefit. The stores that moved in from '17 to '18, they were more core stores. So they were acquisitions we had made from some of our joint venture partners, where these stores went back to Storage USA. So just it's the mix of the stores that you're moving in and kind of the upside in those stores. And we've always kept the same definition, but we've also wanted to break out if there is a benefit from the -- some of these types of stores. So this year, it's more just a mix of the stores.
Scott Stubbs: Always something we're looking at. Any time we consider equity, you'll always look at the forward and what the pros and cons are with that. So
Scott Stubbs: Yes. We're looking to term out debt. We're looking to extend our average loan, the term. We're always looking, obviously, to manage the variable rate debt that we have. So very focused on that today and we are willing to take a little bit of pain today to extend term and make -- take advantage of some of those opportunities.
Scott Stubbs: I'm not saying that we are looking to increase them significantly more than what we've done in the first quarter, but we feel like we will have to increase discounts going forward in order to maintain that kind of 4% to 5% revenue growth in our new customer rate growth.
Scott Stubbs: It's across the portfolio. But obviously, our highly occupied property might have different discounting policy than one that has less occupancy. So...
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So we are actively working with lenders on the -- many of the loans coming due in '19, '20 and '21, we're willing to extend those out to 2025, and we're looking to get the spreads down and then we're trying to work through some of the swap issues. Because many of those loans that come due in 2022 for -- 2020, for instance, have swaps on them. And so we are trying to work through swap issues, extending swaps, getting things reswapped, letting things go variable, trying to work through a balance of that. But the goal, obviously, is to try to lock in some of that rate and extend the term today. And like I said, I think that there are times when we're willing to take a little bit of pain today. So part of our increase in our interest rate today is some of that pain. We are actively negotiating on -- of the 2020 loans that are coming due, if you assume that we exercise the contractual extensions and then do a couple of the refinancing that we're working on today, the amount coming due in 2020 is under $1 billion. So actively working on and actively looking to extend the term and lock-in rate.
Scott Stubbs: Spreads, if you take a loan that was done 2 or 3 years ago, your spread would've been 1 60 to 1 80 over. Today, the market rate's more 1 40 in terms of a spread. But rates have gone higher on us. So on average, they are going up but it depends really on when we did the loan.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, thanks for the time. I was just hoping you can comment on the strength of demand. Seems like you had more vacates than move-ins this quarter and last quarter. So just curious if you can give broader comments as to what that is and just your view on demand. And how should we think about that, given the fact that your occupancy went up? I'm not sure if it was just the size of the units.
Juan Sanabria: Was there any impact from the weather, though? Because it looked like move-ins versus move-outs were kind of negative, and this is the second quarter in a row.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And then just on Street rates. I was just hoping you could give us any color on the net effect of Street rates throughout the first quarter and into April, and how you're seeing things trending.
