Spencer Kirk: Good afternoon. During last quarter's conference call, I commented that we were coming off two years of superior results and we're heading into what would be a great year. We are seeing signals that this is materializing. Core performance was ahead of expectations. We held rates flat in the off season to drive occupancy and we ended the quarter up 200 basis points at 90.4%. Same-store revenue was up 7.9% with expenses growing at 4.7%. NOI growth was 9.4%. Our same-store properties experienced high snow removal and utility costs due to the severe winter weather. However, this was offset by lower than expected payroll and property tax expenses. As we move into our rental season, we are seeing pricing power in higher street rates and lower discounts. Now I would like to turn the time over to Scott.
Spencer Kirk: Thanks Scott. After all this said and done, our job as a management team is to grow FFO and increase shareholder value. The first quarter has added to a two year run of excellent results. The FFO per share grew by 24%, which marks 14 consecutive quarters of double-digit FFO growth. To this point we don’t see anything that would preclude us from delivering another strong year. Let’s now turn the time over to Clint to start the Q&A session.
Spencer Kirk: Yes. Let’s back up just a little bit. As we entered the off season Todd, we said, we are going to hold rates and drive occupancy which actually worked out very well. At the end of March our street rates were up about 3% and as we walk into the busy season, we expect to be pushing rates obviously how the year turns out depends on how far we can push those street rates. In terms of in place rates, we’re right on top of where we’ve been. There has been no material change in that.
Spencer Kirk: No. Actually Todd, it’s a combination of pushing the street rate or reducing the discount. And we are not trying just one single strategy, as we look at our revenue management system, we’re employing a variety of strategies to maximize the revenue. It depends on the customer, the channel, when they came to us and what we know about that customer. And I think it’s fair to say that we’re not seeing any material change in consumer behavior as we’ve applied our pricing strategy.
Spencer Kirk: Okay Christy, it’s Spencer. Good morning. I’m not really happy to comment about what’s going on in April, let me clarify. Last fall, we held street rates in the off season to gain occupancy for the first quarter on average it was 2% and as we exited the quarter it was about 3%. So it’s trending up and we like the direction.
Spencer Kirk: No, that 8% to 10% range Christy is an average, it depends on the customer, it depends on how highly occupied a unit might be, it depends on seasonality, it depends how long the customer had been in that unit. So it could be less than that or it could be more but I would say for 2014, modeling purposes 8% to 10%.
Spencer Kirk: For the full year on occupancy we are expecting that to trend towards 1% by the end of the year, so on average between 1% and 2%. We expected street rates, we just experienced it obviously 2% average for the first quarter so 2% to 3% by the end of the first quarter pushing them during the busy season during our summer month. And then we’ll see how they hold in the fall. Obviously there is some risk if we don’t find that we have as many rentals and if we have a drop off in occupancy but we are expecting to push rates in the summer. In addition to that the other thing that is actually causing our rental growth to slow towards the end of the year is the fact that our discounts have been down 10 plus percent since last June. So we are coming up against some tough comps starting in June. So we are expecting our rental growth to slow as a result of the decrease in discount slowing.
Spencer Kirk: What happened is last year our discounts started decreasing to the tune of double-digit and that benefited our rental revenue growth by just around 1%. We expect that to be a smaller component of our rental growth this year and that diminishing throughout the year. So the start of the year was still in the 1% range by the end of the year, it’s tough to continue to decrease your discounts 10 plus percent year-over-year.
Spencer Kirk: If you take an average, let’s say street rates on average are going to be 4%, your discounts are going to be half percent and your occupancy is going to be 1% to 2%, that’s how you get that 6% to 7% because we are expecting street rates on average for the year to be maybe 4% if we are lucky 5%, it’s going to depend the little bit on how much pricing power we have during the busy season. So it’s really kind of 2% discounts called 4% street rates and then the rest coming from discounts.
Spencer Kirk: Where we are today David, we closed about $200 million right at the start of the year in the first 15 days. That transaction had been under contract from end of last year. Right now we are estimating at about $350 million done by the end of June and right now we really only have the four properties under contract for just under $40 million. So what we are saying is if we do a $150 million of one off transactions for the last six months of this year, we think that that’s attainable and we think that that’s actually good for our shareholders, if we come across a portfolio or something, obviously that's going to benefit us and we could do more.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, I can talk a little bit to that. Our cap rates have been as low as zero and I know that sounds odd and what I mean by that is we've done two certificate of occupancy deals in the first quarter of the year. And then on our stabilized our operating properties there between 6 and 7.
Spencer Kirk: David, it's Spencer. I would say notable compression might be a little strong. I think there is always the seller expectation of benchmarking or tagging their property to the core market transactional rate. But as we've been showing through disciplined acquisitions that you can still transact in that range 6% to 7% and I think that a lot of sellers hope to get a better rate, but are not necessarily achieving what they want. I just, I think notable is probably a little stronger than I would have characterize it, there is a little bit, but it's not substantive is how I would say.
Spencer Kirk: Yes, our NOI if you would have just normalized the snow and utilities would have been 10.4%. The one thing I would caution you on that is we did have the benefit of lower payroll and lower property taxes in the quarter that kind of offset that. So, if you get a normalized one you might want to normalize both so just to get to a normal run rate.
Spencer Kirk: Ross, it’s Spencer. If I could just add another comment, the definition has served us really well for the past decade through the best of an economy and through the worst of an economy. And the idea of change unit is obviously something we need to evaluate, but there is still a lot of uncertainty and we don’t know what the future holds into work to effectuate change on something that has worked so well. We just need to study that before we act.
Spencer Kirk: That year-over-year is what it is Ross. And the other thing that I think we’ve got to be careful on anytime we’re talking about rate growth is not to get too hung up on where we are just on street rates. I think we also need to consider where we are with discounts and that type of things also.
Spencer Kirk: We hope it goes 4% to 8%. We’ll see how what kind of strength we have in the summer. It's too early to tell.
Spencer Kirk: Right. So, without commenting about April, I can tell you year-over-year sentiment and year-over-year opinion. I am equally optimistic, I’m buoyant. There are two factors and I didn’t want to bring him up, but I’m going to bring him up. There is still virtually no new supply. And number two, because of the power and the potency of our internet platform we’re taking market share from the smaller guy. And that has not changed in 12 months and I don't see a changing in the next 12 months.
Spencer Kirk: Okay. I don’t have all the exact numbers, Paul. What I can tell you is that the public companies own or operate about the same percentage that they did 15 years ago. I think as we look forward to the next five years, it’s probably a fair assumption to say with muted supply and with recognition that the world has changed and it’s not about yellow pages and drive up but it’s about the internet and drive up, I think it’s likely that you will see some continued operational consolidation as well as financial consolidation. The advantageous cap rates that are out there today I think are causing lot of people to say, if I don’t sell now, when we would I sell. And we continue to see opportunities out there. And our transactional history over the last 8 or 12 quarters shows that the market is out there and you can transact. If you use the number of 54,000 self storage facilities in the U.S. and you say that half of those are not institutional grade, it takes you down to 27,000; if you take the top several dozen operators owning or controlling about 7,000 to my way of thinking, there might be about 20,000 facilities out there that would fit the profile of saying yes this would be a nice inclusion into an institutional portfolio. So, a lot of stuff out there, we are never going to get to but I still think that the market is wide opened for a lot of consolidation either operationally or financially.
Spencer Kirk: But I can tell you from 2003 to 2007, there were about 13,000 self storage facilities built in the United States which put us over the 50,000 mark. So we could go back and reconstruct that. I am just speaking anecdotally from some loose data points but generally that the public companies have owned or operated about same percentage historically, it hasn’t changed a lot.
Spencer Kirk: It depends on the partner, it depends on the fund whether it’s open or closed and the investment objectives. I can tell you that many of our partners have reported year after year after year, self storage has been their best performing asset class. And if they got out of storage, they don’t know where they would redeploy the capital to get the same kind of return. the same mentality exits with many of our third-party managed owners. Some of them are first generation are thinking about retiring or passing along wealth to their posterity and others are saying why would I want to sell, I don't know where to redeploy my cash, where I get the same kind of returns that I'm getting out of storage. So, it all depends on the individual, it depends on the fund, it depends on the portfolio manager. And that is a very broad swap, because about 500 of our assets that say Extra Space fall under that partially owned or non-owned category.
Spencer Kirk: Two of those properties came from joint ventures, or once that were related managed entities. The rest were all outside third-party.
Spencer Kirk: And then on the transactional stuff, Mike, many of our competitors/peers as I have even said, yet there are some lower quality portfolios coming to market, may be as a percentage the lower quality stuff is ticked up. It does not mean that there aren’t decent portfolios that are out there to be had. And there is plenty of maneuvering room on acquisitions as you think that there might be 20,000 self storage facilities that are still out there that don’t have one of the brand names of the four rates flying to flag over that asset. So for us yes, there has been downtick in quality but it doesn’t mean that there aren’t good opportunities, solid opportunities, and decent assets to be added. You just have to maybe work little harder, be a little more selective and be a little more disciplined.
Spencer Kirk: So as far as new supply in the last 60 to 90 days, I can’t tell you a market that has seen significant new supply or tick up there. As far as the bank’s lending, I think it’s still fairly difficult, we have not seen them lacks I think with the regulation. I think the banks are still more than willing to lend to people to have money. So if someone is well capitalized, I think it’s pretty easier to get money. That doesn’t mean development loans are not there. I think people can get development loans, it is usually through relationships or local banks.
Spencer Kirk: My statement I think I could summarize it this way Dave. When I talk about a disconnect. If I could be very specific many folks think that a 5 cap or a sub 5 cap is the going rate for the best assets in the best markets, think Manhattan brand new property. The smaller operator perhaps with the property that’s a little bit older in a secondary or tertiary market uses that 5 benchmark and says well maybe my asst could be where 5.5 or a 6 cap. And once again it all comes back to how Extra Space scores the quality of an asset. And this works for us. I am not suggest it for anybody else that’s the storage operator, but for Extra Space our philosophy is very simple it is; we look at the quality of the market; we look at the quality of the physical asset; and we look at the quality of the location of that physical asset within the market. And we make a determination as to what we think that that asset will be worked. And many times there is a disconnect between our view of the world and what the seller might expect and that’s where I think it’s fair for me to say Extra Space is interested in transacting, but not at any cost and not for any price point, but for a price point that simply is accretive for our shareholders. And we are working harder to find the acquisitions that fit our operational footprint and fit that quality scoring and with that what we will see what happens. Our cost of capital moves up and down today, Dave, it depends on lot of factors, but the bottom line for us is we want to be disciplined and do accretive acquisitions.
Spencer Kirk: I think that what we saw was when the cost of capital got more expensive, the pricing didn’t change a lot and now that is back down. I am not sure it will change that much either. It is possible just a point in time, you saw interest rates pick up for a period of time, they are now relatively -- they are not necessarily down but maybe the growth has slowed, but I think everybody would agree that interest rates are going up. We don’t want to go whips out, Dave with the changes and the fluctuations that take place over a short period. We are taking long view on our weighted average cost of capital. And we are looking at what the market is going to do, and there are lot of operational elements that pop-in and out of the equation. And we don’t want to react or overreact any of those we want to be consistent and sustainable in our actions.
Spencer Kirk: That is correct. And we say 6% to 7% that's a year one forward-looking cap rate and some are absolutely CLO.
Spencer Kirk: Let me tell you the way I view the world. We think that just with about 6% to 7% of your properties are either vacating, 6% to 7% of the total units or renting 6% to 7% of the total units each and every month. You kind of say somewhere around 94% is a good place to start to think. And if you are at 94% occupancy, I can tell you if that’s an average, you have a lot of site quotes that are sold out, which is something we don’t like to do. We think you are leaving money on the table at that point, because if you are sold out in some of the more popular site quotes some of the less desirable units are not at that 94% they are in the mid 80s or high 80s. So for us, we could wrapped up a bit during the absolute peak of the season, but to expect to get much above 94%, 95% I don’t think is reality and I don’t think that that’s somewhere where we think we are going to be operating. Certainly our revenue management system with the predictive inputs that it has to drive the algorithm is going to not let us get to those levels. Now as we learn and see what the market shapes up to-date, things could change. But today I would say, low to mid 90s is the limit for Extra Space.
Spencer Kirk: Well Tayo, I’d like to give you my seven part thesis on why I don’t see development coming this time in the near future, but I will give you a truncated version. Number one, banks are reluctant to win. Number two, there is off a lot of interest in the prime parcels from every asset class which is driving up land prices. So, banks are willing to win or the lending terms are less favorable thus this bring to the profitability, if you’re paying more for the land that’s being the profitability and then you are the mom and pop operator or the local developer and you can’t compete on the internet. You are going to have to sign up and have someone who can provide the flow of customers to your property and you are going to paying the management fee, you’re going to be sharing some it not all tenant insurance and you are going to be getting hit with some downstream cost for a call center and other marketing expenses, so that’s your third day on the profitability. And I just think that the return versus the risk equation has shifted and people are little bit more reluctant. There is ample interest in doing development, but when you really see the number of properties that are coming out of the ground, it is still muted and I don’t see those fundamental elements either on having to sign up a management company and paying a fee or property prices being pressured upward or banks willing to land to the smaller perhaps capitalized individual. I think those are things that will remain in place for the foreseeable future. There will be some buildings, but I don’t see anything that’s going to put a lot of new supply into the market in the near-term at all.
Spencer Kirk: Okay. There are a lot of variables on that Ki Bin. I would say the biggest impact is, what is the population density and how many other self storage facilities are already in the market. So, if you are in southern California in Venice and you’ve got 500,000 people in a three mile radius, there are already 20 self storage facilities serving that population, if you add one property, it’s a 5% increase in supply. And it’s not going to really have material effect. If you’re in Wichita, Kansas and there are two games in town in a three mile ring, it can have a pretty detrimental effect, which is why most of the REITs want to be in the better more densely populated markets. It’s your protection against the downside.
Spencer Kirk: Okay. Ki Bin, we are redeveloping our assets. We’ve been looking at how to keep them relevant in the marketplace by bringing them up to the current standards. In terms of a bunch of properties that have a lot of expansion capability and a lot of vacant parcels next to it, it’s not a lot. What we want to do is just make sure the assets that we have appeal to the customer and regardless of when new development arise into this market, we have an asset that is competitive, it’s well located, it’s well cared for, it’s clean and it meets the customer’s needs and that means you might be adding some climate control to the property, you might be knocking down the office and reconstructing a more retail oriented higher visibility office. So this redevelopment effort is something that we have fully engaged in. And it’s all towards keeping the properties relevant. But in terms of adding lots of square footage because we are sitting on a bunch of vacant land, not so much.
Spencer Kirk: Okay, Jordan, it’s Spencer. Here is what I will tell you. I am just coming up on 16 years in self storage. When I started about 20% of the customers were commercial accounts, today it’s about 20%. It hasn’t changed a lot and I don’t expect it to materially shift over the next foreseeable period. So for us, it’s out there; it’s a part of our business; we like it; they tend to be on auto pay; they tend to be less sensitive to rate increases; but in terms of wholesale shift and driving our commercial accounts to 30% or 40% or 50%, market demand just isn’t there and it’s been remarkably consistent for the 16 years that I have been in storage.
Spencer Kirk: Thank you. With that I would like to thank everybody for their interest in Extra Space. We’ll look forward to next quarters call. Have a good day.
Scott Stubbs: Thanks Spence. Last night we reported FFO of $0.55 per share for the first quarter, adjusting for non-cash interest expense and acquisition related costs, FFO was $0.57 per share. We outperformed our guidance due to better than expected property performance, tenant insurance results and lower G&A and interest expense. Since going public nearly 10 years ago, our definition of our same-store pool is not changed. In 2014, we added 99 properties to our same-store pool, bringing the total to 443. 90 of these properties were from our previous acquisitions and 9 came from our development pipeline. This change in our same store pool added about 80 basis points to our revenue growth. We had another strong quarter for acquisitions. We purchased 21 assets for $250 million. 17 of these properties came from a single portfolio in Virginia. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we closed 5 additional properties for $61 million. We currently have 4 properties under contract for $39 million which should close by the end of the second quarter. Therefore, as of today, we have closed or have under contract $350 million. We’ve revised our full year 2014 FFO guidance to be from $2.41 to $2.49 per share these estimates include non-cash interest expense and acquisition-related costs. Adjusting for these items, FFO is estimated to be from $2.45 to $2.53 for the full year. I will now turn the time back to Spencer.
Scott Stubbs: Yes Todd, this is Scott. Our guidance really moves about $5 million like you mentioned and about half of that is really a non-cash item. So, what it is, is you are taking a gain basically from some out of market debt due to some acquisitions and that was kind of a last minute thing that we recorded as part of the acquisition of the one of our joint ventures. And so effectively what’s happening is reducing your interest expense by $2.5 million and then you can see in the last part of our guidance, it shows that you are basically taking that benefit back out. So, for FFO adjusted, there is no really effect from that. So, the other $2.5 million comes from really three components, one is we’ve elected to have three different loans, we had partially swapped and we were originally going to swap the entire amount, we’ve elected to have a portion of that remain variable and that benefits us to the tune of about $700,000. In addition, LIBOR, the LIBOR curve is changed to the point where it’s about a $0.5 benefit through the year. So that’s $1.2 million in total between LIBOR and allowing these loans to float instead of fixing them. And then the rest comes from adjusting our amortization of loan fees. And we basically just trued that up from a run rate from prior years, where in prior years we had a little bit of [decisions] or additional write-off relating to that. So, half non-cash, half cash largely relating to variable rate loans and LIBOR.
Scott Stubbs: Our growth in tenant insurance is really coming from two or three components. One is obviously as we increase the penetration, it’s going to help us. Let’s say you go from 67% to 70% that’s going to grow it by 3%. The properties we acquire obviously help it a little, but the majority of our growth this year has come from increasing the dollars per policy. So we have tried to make sure that our tenants are adequately ensured and that is increasing the dollars per policy.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. To answer your question of move-out, obviously with the severe weather move-ins might have been a little bit muted. Well, if you can’t move-in, you probably can’t move-out either.
Scott Stubbs: Yes. So, move-ins and move-outs we would say offset each other as far as the benefit or the detriment to same-store NOI obviously it affected that. But again, we did have the benefit of some up property tax appeals going in our favor in the quarter also.
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you that it really runs kind of a pretty wide range. We’ve seen as much as 15%, 20% growth on some of those properties we saw that on some Cincinnati assets a year and half two years ago. We’ve also seen as little as kind of similar to our same-store growth 5% to 7%. And what I mean by that is, there is a pretty big range of operators out there; some of the properties we’re buying are very well run, others maybe are little bit [unquoted] in some of their methods. We’ve bought some properties where they don’t take credit cards, some that don’t take cash. So, it really runs a range of anywhere probably between 5% to 7% and 15% to 20%.
Scott Stubbs: I would tell you something that I think we’ll consider going forward. But I think if you ask anyone if 90% was going to be the new norm as far as stabilized occupancy, I don’t think anyone of us would see that. You also obviously have the risk of new development coming in at say self storage yields remain where they are; I think you are going to see some new construction. Right now there is really no new construction; I think we’ve run into that risk is out there.
Scott Stubbs: It’s something that we continue to look at. We're still struggling a little bit with covenants. We want to try to be as covenant light as possible. And if you go standard investment grade, standard bond offering, there are certain standard covenants that come with that. And so it’s something that we're considering. I think our company is at a different state than we were five years ago. I think really our leverage is in line and we're not looking at certainly to do a transformational transaction that makes us a rated entity tomorrow, but it’s something obviously we’re moving towards.
Scott Stubbs: It’s a combination of a few things; one is, more internal generated cash flow, two is the timing. Some of the acquisitions are bumped back and the loan has not necessarily bumped back. So, it’s a combination of those three things.
Scott Stubbs: No, our underwriting, we typically base it on how our properties in the area are doing and we have not necessarily made an adjustment or an assumption that new supply has or will come to effect that property.
Scott Stubbs: So Tayo, what I would say is, let’s go back and put a little perspective in this just right after the year began we closed down the Virginia portfolio of $200 million in assets. That really was an activity that largely took place in 2013. And where we draw this artificial line at December 31st and January 1st and put something in one year or following year. I won’t get too hung up on that, I would say, a lot of what happens in our acquisitions guidance is predicated on knowing what we think we can do versus what potentially might happen. And all it takes is a joint venture partner to come to us and say, hey we're thinking about liquidating these assets, would you be interested in buying them, or it just takes someone to say, you know what, it’s time for me as an owner to sell my portfolio and that’s really hard to script. So, we look at what we know. We know what the historical velocity has been and we give you our best prognostication. We certainly could do considerably better, but I don’t have any bases and we don’t have any bases for making that statement because we haven’t had any substantive dialogue with any owner either off market or open market to substantiate that’s how we’d given our best guidance or our best guess.
Scott Stubbs: Our tenants are insured based on the dollar amount of the goods that they have stored. And what we found is we want to make sure that our tenants have adequate coverage. So, as we are offering tenant insurance, we are making sure that they are truly valuing their goods at the correct amount. And we are basically executing better at the point of -- point the rental was made and having them take the correct amount insurance, which is effectively pushing it up. So, for instance instead of them insuring $200,000 worth of goods, they are now insuring $300,000 worth of goods.
Scott Stubbs: No, on the larger ones we are not. Those promotes, actually had slight escalations that took effect at the timeframe, when we are actually going through a recession. So we have some catch up to do on those and we are not near the promote on any of these storages that legacy JVs the big ones there.
Scott Stubbs: It’s something we are looking at all the time; there is some risk with these. We want to make sure we about it properly. I think probably there is an opportunity to argue that tenant insurance is standard and customary to the point where you could move it into the REIT but that’s a long process with the IRS but it’s something we are always looking at.
