Olivier Le Peuch: No, James, thank you. I think indeed, I think we have highlighted and I think in my prepared remarks, I shared the view that in the recent months and certainly in last quarter and I have been traveling in Asia, Middle East and South America. I have seen a customer, I think, taking commitments and being ready to commit to the supply capacity and to the partnership they need to deploy and develop the assets going forward as we believe this cycle is unique through, as we said, element of resilience by the nature of investment at growth rate, including the long-term capacity expansion committed in Middle East, including the large long-cycle elements that are growing in proportion led by offshore deepwater coming back. The breadth, I think everywhere we go, everybody needs - is seeing a customer reaching out to mobilize resource, sometimes for short-cycle production enhancements, most of the time for development commitment of assets and redevelopment expansion from infield to large-scale development. And durability is certainly improving and duration of the cycle, I think, is improving as we see because beyond the Middle East, '27 targets of capital expansion from -- for in the country. Other countries are targeting this towards the end of the decade. And here in the city in Brazil, Brazil has a clear ambition for 4 million barrel by 2030, and I've already committed up to 20 FPSO contract that will continue to build the pipeline of offshore activity subsea in particular going forward. So I'm very positive about the mix, if you like, of short cycle on production enhancements to address the anticipated supply super risk and the commitment -- long commitment from Middle East, from deepwater and offshore operator to complement the long cycle is not to offset and now take precedent over this short cycle and so turn, as we indicated, a turn into the cycle towards international offshore and Middle East in particular. So that's where we are very confident.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. I think the -- we are seeing pricing tailwinds and we have seen pricing tailwinds in the global market for quite a few quarters and starting in North America. It has turned to international based on two things: first, indeed, securing capacity going forward, giving us -- giving -- considering the tight supply of equipment, unique technology, giving a level of sense of urgency to secure contract and elongating the contract. You have seen example of nine years contract into the announcement we made today. And at the same time, I think performance matters. Performance matters to offshore operator. Performance matters for first gas, first oil. And there's a sense of urgency to accelerate the cycle. This is one of the priorities. And technology integration also makes a difference and is recognized and is driving a pricing premium. So the combination of supply capacity, the combination of, I would say, a sense of urgency for -- and quest for performance integration and technology deployment is driving pricing tailwinds that are serving us very well.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. No, I think you are correct. I think the supply of high-performance equipment in the Well Construction domain is under stretch today. And I think we are working very closely with our customers to prioritize equipment, price technology application and use integration, use digital to help deliver the performance they expect. So there is a stretch indeed in this. But going forward, I think we are committing the resource when we see the returns to be accretive to our margins and align with our expectation and ambition to continue to expand margins. So where we see the most activity, clearly, this year is an uptick and this will be the case as sequentially next quarter is in Middle East and offshore. A combination of an integrated contract we have in offshore with relatively complex assets on occasion that demands a lot of technology deployments. And the intensity of activity in Middle East, that is a mix of short-cycle and long-cycle development project, this combination is unique and I think will be putting more resource, more equipment, more technology and will drive revenue forward up.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, it was, indeed, absolutely. I think offshore is not only international, I think offshore is happening in North America. North America as northeast Canada, Alaska offshore and go from Mexico, the combination of which is set to grow and our pace this year, the -- I would say, the U.S. land and North America (NAM) activity. So we are also getting the benefit of our fit for basin success in North America that continues to hold and help us maintain, grow our share and come on a premium on pricing.
Olivier Le Peuch: Indeed. But I think, indeed, Dave, I think first, in this quarter, obviously, the growth, and we have seen growth rate in Digital that is aligned with our expectations, aligned with our ambition to double revenue from 2021 to 2025. We have seen, as Stephane mentioned, during his prepared remarks that the new technology edge and cloud is growing at more than 50%, continuing on the trajectory that we have set in the last couple of years. And we don't see any sign of this slowing down. And indeed, expansion will come from multiple dimension. Obviously, getting more consumption from the existing customer we have. And we are today deploying one of the largest contractor in Petrobras, where we were and we are meeting with the team here, very satisfied deployment and growing number of users. That's an axis then growing number of applications, and that's where we want to deploy and go beyond geoscience, our petrotechnical suite, if you like, to digital operation, production and digital operation into the drilling domain, automating the full rig well construction process. And again, in Brazil, we are very pleased to meet with Equinor and look after the Peregrinoplatform, we're about to deploy for the first time in the world a full automated top side to bottom assembly, fully automated autonomous digital journey that we'll realize this year. So we have both the geoscience application deployment, the digital operation, and we have new customers coming in, and you have seen some new contracts that we announced this quarter. So we are growing to the pace we are expecting to be our trajectory to double. And in this quarter, this was unfortunately masked fully by the APS setback, but we expect this to resume and to be actually one of the leading growth sequential that you would see in the second quarter.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, we have not seen it. We have not seen any impact of businesses, and we don't believe there will be any we believe that these companies and the national companies are really set and fully focused on mobilizing resource to execute their very ambitious capacity expansion plan. I think you are aware all the commitments. And it's not only UAE and Saudi. This is across many countries in GCC. And I think this is to grow both oil capacity and also gas and commercial and gas across the region. So I think I have -- I've been recently in the Middle East and have not seen any sign of and challenging. And again, the multiplicity of contract awards that were tendered in the last 18 months and most of them multiyear, if not beyond five years, are really indicative of the commitment and the capacity expansion plan that have started. Inflection has happened and you will see this growing for the rest of the year. So we don't foresee any impact.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, absolutely. I think we have indeed a unique right of play into the sequestration that have translated into a significant number of studies and services and modeling and digital that we have provided to a lot of customers. And these customers have approached us to participate, some of them emitters, that are non-oil and gas as you have seen some of the examples we gave in the press release earlier today. And then we are using our technology and innovation capability to explore and to invest into capture technology or to partner as we are partnering with Linde into the application of CCS project across the domain of blue hydrogen and ammonia for decarbonizing the natural gas, ammonia and halogen production. So we are indeed either associating or investing into capture technology, hence broadening our scope beyond sequestration and using our right of play to expand and create a business that will stand on its own in the years to come.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. Let me take it at the level of Production System first and let me give a quick zoom. So the booking we are talking about is at the Production System level, which is the division encompassing our production system equipment capability from Subsea, as you pointed out, from actually in well completion, in well actually, subsea surface system processing capabilities. So when you put all of this together, you get an end-to-end from port to process, from send phase to processing that is quite unique in integration and delivery capability, hence, the opportunity we have to participate at scale and be a provider with our partner, Subsea 7, into the product of TPAO that you heard about where the first gas to flare was realized yesterday and celebrated by the -- in country. And this is quite unique so that's differentiated. We have end-to-end integration capability. We can design and deploy and develop a gas facility, and we have done this in the past and we can link it to with our partners to our subsea development and participate to the completion architecture. So this end-to-end is quite unique and give us opportunity to participate at a large scale into development. Now very specific to Subsea, I think we are also quite differentiated into the way that we can connect to the subsurface and we have this integration capability from the sub to the completion architecture. And one thing in particular I would like to highlight or two things. First is the electrical capability of transforming this Subsea 3, the subsea control and the subsea and well completion control into electric -- full electric capability. This is a game changer for the deepwater industry, game changer for low carbon and control -- digital control of subsea equipment and control of zone equipment and completion. This is very much again the case in Brazil. We are very fortunate to have established here a unique center of excellence, and we have, under the sponsorship of A&P working with multiple operators that have joined us into a joint development program where we are deploying and we will soon deploy everything from subsidiary to septic valve to flow control valve, fully electric, that would change the game and creating a new step. So that's differentiated. With differential obviously are processing, boosting and processing capability. You remember the award that we got last year into Shell for gas processing subsea equipment into a large installation in -- and you have seen two awards this quarter in Brazil, highlighting our boosting capabilities. So we're unique into that position. And again, ability we have to integrate processing equipment subsea with the rest of equipment well or surface is unique. And that's something that is adding to our digital capability as well. So when it comes to the announced JV, I think we are seeing the process of going to the regulatory bodies in different parts of the world so I cannot comment any further than what we commented earlier. This is an exciting outlook, exciting opportunity. But until close, we'll move forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: If anything, this visit has been outstanding, outstanding for the Board, outstanding for engagement we have customers and clearly highlighting the potential of Brazil to be fulfilling a significant supply growth. In the future, as I said, A&P and Brazil has ambition to reach or exceed 4 billion barrel from 3.3 billion today, I mean, on barrel per day. And they have already laid out the foundation of this of both production enhancement into the basin, the basin or the land basins and accelerating -- continue to accelerate the development of the sub-salt deepwater with up to 20 FPSO already into the play. So I think they also are pushing forward to the next frontier. They are about to explore Ecuador margin that give us another leg, if you like, of Brazil growth in the future beyond the already committed multi-year FPSO contract that are in place. So we don't see any change. If anything, we see an acceleration and extension of the duration of this Brazil outlook. And if I had to highlight one noticeable change that I've seen, a commitment to decarbonize, a commitment to digitalize that I think is the new -- the leadership is recommitted to. We have seen it and you will see it in the future. Digital operation will accelerate in Brazil by the main operator here. And the country will accelerate this commitment to CCS. We are very fortunate to be on the first and only bioenergy CCS project in Latin America with FS Bioenergia. And we met the team two days ago, and they are very pleased the progress we are making on the CCS product in Brazil. So you will see more activity and no slowdown, but any upside -- only upside to the offshore environment and then a low carbon and digital transition accelerating as well.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. So as a reminder for everyone, I think our Digital & Integration division, I think, comprise and combines digital and exploration data with our Asset Performance Solutions. So at the onset of our digital journey, we have set clear ambition for Digital margin to be highly accretive to SLB, at the same time, to accelerate growth to double our revenue from '21 to '25. We are on that journey and clearly delivering a very accretive margin to SLB. So now we have demonstrated in the last few quarters last year that we -- when we leverage best performance in APS and our differentiated digital offering, we deliver DLM margin visibly in excess of 30%. Now notwithstanding similar setback as we had material setback in APS ambition for D&I as a combination is to continue to deliver highly accretive margins, certainly in the 30s. So going forward, we expect the margins of D&I to sequentially improve based on the very solid revenue growth from Digital and very accretive margin for digital, combined with a return of growth for APS and returning a decent margin for APS. So as a whole, we're expecting to not only revenue increase but margin expand in sequentially and to continue to be accretive -- highly accretive for the rest of the year.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, I will not be overly concerned by this. I think there are two factors that are playing into this. The first at Digital, I think, is having a significant productivity gain for processing, analyzing and generating prospects, as we call it, from -- from modeling, from structural modeling to prospect identification, the seismic data set as well as the capability to process using digital capability has significantly improved. So the ability to create spotlight on the gas line or the oil pools, I think, is better than it's ever been and certainly much better than last cycle. And secondly, I think there is a significant service consulting capability that we participate into that can help complement and provide support to our customers. But I would say, digital, productivity, technology that has improved and give higher accuracy, better geology interpretation capability, better structural modeling from seismic to wireline, and to modeling or to sampling like our ORA [reservoir] samplingtechnology, all combine to give a significant support to the G&G team of our customers and to not a slowdown but actually accelerate and improve the productivity and ability to generate prospects. So I'm not concerned. And I believe that you will see this prospect be fast-tracked from exploration to appraisal to development going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: So I think I will contrast it more by saying the type of activity in exploration that is happening. And I think there are a lot of near-field exploration as it is called or backyard exploration that is being used by the most operators that have gained access to critical asset, critical basin or advantaged assets and they want to explore and do near-field exploration across and beyond and use tieback. So there is a lot of exploration happening across every basin, major basin that characterize this and has been -- this trend has been going up. And this trend is certainly different from the greenfield, frontier exploration that characterized maybe the last cycle. However, this cycle, I think, beyond the near-field exploration, we are seeing a return of frontier exploration, driven by energy security, driven by the desire to replace reserves and to secure new gas particularly, and we see it happening across many basins. I mentioned before the equatorial margin as one. You heard about, obviously, continuous exploration, which is almost becoming a near-field exploration across Guyana. But if you go across the Atlantic, you will find a lot of exploration happening in the south part of Africa, gave some huge success for two or three operator into Namibia that are here on the onset of something that could be very significant for the industry in oil development. And then gas in East Med, I think, has been developing, and you heard about the development that we helped fast-track on the Black Sea. That was also gas. So security is incentivizing people to invest and operator to invest into certain regions with access to the demand market and near-field is continuing to grow very well. So in combination, it's different from the past and I will not try to compare the scale but I think the quality of this exploration and the diversity in terms of customers and interval basin is quite unique and is really accelerating this year.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think the energy security, the supporting commodity price outlook and the desire indeed to go and leverage the cycle to explore and to tie back reserve to the existing advantage basin or to fast-track gas or new oil pools as I described earlier. Now the timing of it, the acceleration, I think, is linked more to the availability of -- and the contracting of deepwater rigs or the contracting of rigs offshore or land on some occasion when it is -- when this exploration is happening. More than yes, but the cycle has started last year of E&A return is accelerating in line to some extent, with the offshore acceleration. And I think it will be part of the mix and will give an opportunity to extend and create a new leg of activity and a new leg of FID in two or three years from now when those exploration will have been appraised and will be FID at that time. So I think it's more -- it's an underlying trend that have started in the last few quarters and have accelerated. And I think that is a more long view that customers are taking and not looking at the short-term uncertainty or short-term commodity price variation and committing on one new basin or committing on expanding near-field exploration. So that's the way we have seen it.
Olivier Le Peuch: So ladies and gentlemen, I think I want to give a close to this call. It's almost to the hour. So to conclude today's call, I would like to leave you with the following takeaways. First, the quality of the unfolding upcycle in oil and gas is improving, with unique attributes of resilience, breadth and duration. This is very much evidenced by the strengthening outlook in both Middle East and offshore markets and further reinforced by the tight supply balance as demand forecast approach new highs at year-end. Second, our strong start of the year gives us further confidence in our full year financial ambition. Directionally, the dynamics in international markets will likely offset the moderation of activity growth in North America. In fact, we are witnessing a gradual shift from short-to long-cycle investment and a further transition to international, with both effects closely aligned with our strengths and paving the way for an exciting outlook for years to come. Third, our overall performance demonstrates the strength of our portfolio, focused on the most attractive and resilient market segments globally, both in oil and gas and low-carbon solutions. Our divisions continue to align with customers at most priorities on value delivered to performance and integration, with digital transformation and decarbonization as industry mandates. Additionally, pricing continues to trend positively, enabling us to extract more value for our products and services. As a result, we reaffirm our ambition to further expand margins as the cycle unfolds, to grow earnings to new levels in this cycle and to significantly increase returns to shareholders as further demonstrated this quarter. I remain very confident in the alignment of our strategy to formal trends in the energy market and fully trust the SLB team to continue outperforming in this context. Now before I close, I wanted to announce that ND Maduemezia will be moving to a new career opportunity in SLB after remarkable stands in his position as Investor Relations VP for the past three years. Thank you, ND, for the support and positive engagement with our investors and market analysts. Replacing ND is James McDonald, who is transitioning from his previous role as Americas Land Basin President. Welcome, James. With this, I want to close today's call and wish you all the best. Thank you. Good day, everyone.
