Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. Thanks James. So as you know, as you said, we always conduct our April Board meeting in one of our operating R&D locations. Last year, we were in Silicon Valley. And in previous years, as you referenced, we've been in Saudi and Moscow. So this year, we picked Ecuador mainly because we have a big operation here. We have three major SPM projects, which we review regularly with the Board. So part of the objective of our meeting in Ecuador this week is for the Board to see the projects up close and also meet the great people we have on the ground here, both executing these projects and also supporting the rest of our operations in Ecuador and in Latin America North. Now in addition to this, we also have an excellent working relationship with the Ecuadorian state oil company, Petro Amazonas, as well as the key ministries. So part of the purpose of this week's visit as well is to reinforce our commitment, strong ties to Ecuador and have the Board meet some of the key external stakeholders. So we are spending a couple of days in Quito concluding the Board meeting. Then we're also going to the field to give the Board a firsthand look at some of our operations. So this is in line with what we do in the April Board meeting.
Paal Kibsgaard: So, I mean, if you look at the focus we have as a company, today, growing the top line is obviously the key to all that what we do. But beyond that, getting our return on capital employed and our operating margins back up to the levels we had in 2014 is a key objective. Higher revenue is going to be part of it. But beyond that, it is being very prudent in how we deploy capital and also how we manage costs in the operation as we now start to grow. And beyond that, we will also need to get some of our pricing concessions back in order to drive profitability. So we have a very comprehensive playbook and focus on this to drive all these aspects of returns in addition to the cash flow, which we are in the midst of deploying and focusing on in 2019. It is reflected in the objectives of the senior management team and also in the day-to-day activity of what we do.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, thanks Angie. So I would say high-level summary, the year has started off, internationally, pretty much in line with what we were expecting. So we have indicated high single-digit revenue growth for us internationally. And with the 8% we posted in Q1, I think we are pretty much in line with that outlook. The key driver for this year-over-year growth is offshore, in particular shallow water. We've seen about a 20% increase in shallow water rig count year-over-year Q1 to Q1, which is obviously very good for us. We still have a very strong position in these markets. But in addition to this, we're also seeing a renewed focus on offshore exploration. I referenced some of the Wireline information that obviously is a key proxy for how we do in offshore exploration. So this is also very good news. Where we see the revenue growth coming, it is going to still be from the areas where we have had the highest revenue compression like Latin America, Africa and Asia. But also in the North Sea, Russia and the Middle East, we expect to see solid revenue growth off a large revenue base in these areas, right. So what’s going to drive the year is offshore and with some increased focus that we see on exploration as well. And what's driving the offshore, I think, is there's a rich opportunity set around short cycle projects. And we also see now that the number of FIDs is increasing fairly rapidly. There was about 50 offshore FIDs last year, and we see now, on the horizon, about 80 of this year. And these are not only step outs and brownfield kind of upgrades. This is also greenfield activity. So I think we have a fairly reasonable visibility on the year. And so far, it shaped up pretty much in line with what we were expecting.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I think it's a bit early to kind of make those, I would say, projections on deepwater. We are seeing some increase in deepwater exploration but I would say that the 2019 will be shallow water. And I think as that continues to mature, I expect that we will see more on deepwater in 2020 and beyond.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think if you look at where investment levels were back in the period, 2010 to 2014, obviously internationally now we are still almost around half of those investment levels. And if you were to say that the new normal is somewhere in between where we are and where we used to be, you still need multiple years of not even single-digit but probably double-digit growth in order to get back to the – even the halfway point between investment levels in 2014 and investment levels as of today. So we still see a fairly decent runway for increased international investments. And you also see the need for this in the production declines that we are now seeing in the mature production base internationally.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, okay. So I will say, first of all, we see a fairly consistent discipline from the customer base at this stage around living within or at least much closer to their free cash flow. This, I think, is partly driven by the management teams as well as from the investors side. So with that, that's really what's driving our prediction of about 10% down in the E&P investments in North America land. As we go forward into the full year, visibility for the second half of the year is still fairly limited. For Q2, we are expecting the number of frac stages to go up, but a fair bit of that activity increase is going to be offset by the full impacts of the pricing concessions that we gave in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. We do expect hydraulic fracturing pricing to stabilize in terms of the bid pricing in the second quarter. Now how this is going to evolve for the second half of the year, lack of visibility, I think, is still the case. I don't think though at this stage, that if we have a further run up of the oil price we're going to see the same, a rapid increase in spending as we've seen in previous years. There might be some increase but probably not as much as we saw, for instance, in 2018. So I think that calls for another challenging year on hydraulic fracturing. Our focus here is just to continue to drive the efficiency of our operations and then focus on the commercial terms we have with our customers. And the focus here is not necessarily top line or market share. It's about margins, earnings contribution and cash. We have no CapEx plans to be deployed this year for fracking. We reactivated all the warm-stacked crews that we have set aside in Q4. They are now back up and running. And we still have another eight fleets that we can deploy without any CapEx requirements. So that's on the frac side. On the drilling side, we saw the rig count come down a bit in Q1 as expected. It might slide a little bit further in Q2 as well. And for sure, we don't expect any major rebound in rig activity over the course of this year. So that will have some impact on our drilling business and mainly on the basic technologies. And we still see strong uptake on rotary steerable and still solid pricing and profitability on that. So it's a bit of a mixed outlook for U.S. land. I think it's going to be a challenging year. The other thing we are focusing on is to continue to build our position in the technology dialogue with the IOCs that are ramping up both drilling and completions activities. So we're quite excited about the IOCs taking a bigger position in U.S. land. We work very well with them in the international markets. And I think that calls for a much more rich technology discussion going forward in U.S. land.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. I can't confirm your numbers, although I will directionally say that the earnings, I would say potential we have internationally and whether that is on land or offshore, probably more so offshore, is obviously a lot higher than what it is in U.S. land down to the technology, down to the – just the complexity of the operating conditions. And also if you were to kind of look at the E&P dollars spent by our customers, I would for sure say that our earnings potential internationally is about 2x – sorry, is 4x of what it is compared to our competitors mainly due to the fact that we have twice the market share and roughly twice the operating margins. So the return of international growth and in particular, the return on offshore activity and exploration is what we have been waiting for. It's been quite a while of a wait here. Last year we had growth internationally was in 2014. So this is five years of waiting. So we are more than ready for this.
Paal Kibsgaard: Thanks, Bill, for the question. So I was expecting that is to come, and we're not going to give more color on it. It has to do with how we handle this from a competitive standpoint, both what product lines, what geographies. So obviously we know what this is, and we have a very good handle on how we segment the international portfolio of contracts and operations. So I don't really want to go into the details of it. We have specific plans for the contracts that fall into this fourth quartile of our international business. But I don't really want to go into the details of what it is. That wouldn't be beneficial for our business.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, you're breaking off in part of the question. The way I would answer this is basically – we see the IOCs will increase their spend, which again I think is good for us. We are obviously quite active in working with them. But we also see the majority of the market, which is still the E&Ps and the smaller E&Ps, are going to stay much closer to cash flow this year, which is really what's driving the reduction in E&P spend. So our number of kind of plus/minus down 10% is pretty much in line with some of the third-party surveys that you've seen as well. With an increase in oil prices continuing over the course of this year, there could be some improvements to this. But I think directionally, I don't see the same significant increase that you might have seen in earlier years mainly because of this newfound discipline on staying much closer to the free cash flow.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. I would expect our Reservoir Characterization margins to continue to improve this year from what we saw last year. The characterization business should be and will be the business that is typically leading our incremental margin levels. So with the growth that we are foreshadowing, both in terms of offshore activity and even more so offshore exploration, this is all staying straight down the fairway for what we are excellent at doing in Reservoir Characterization. So I expect margins in 2019 for characterization to be up, and that they will be – being in the leadership of driving our incremental margins in 2019.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I’ll comment on that. So first of all, what we've done through the modernization program is that we have opened up several new ways of driving effective capacity. In the past, typically, one unit of activity was served by one unit of additional CapEx. At this stage now, we have done three ways of serving our additional activity growth. One is through CapEx, but only a subset will be served by new CapEx. The other one is through the underlying efficiency improvements from the modernization program, and they will be much more visible when we start growing, which is the fact now. And then the third thing that we are also getting much better at, and that is to drive capacity also through higher OpEx. That could be through running more maintenance shifts to improve our investments, operating investments in logistics to get higher returns and so forth. So first, we have a much more balanced view on how to drive full-cycle capacity. And obviously the advantage of efficiency improvements and OpEx-derived capacity is that you can manage that much better in the full cycle. Now for 2019, what we try to do with breaking down the international revenue base, which is basically where we are deploying all our CapEx this year, it is to show that where we are growing at good incremental margins and good base returns, we are investing. And we are investing sufficiently, accompanied by the OpEx-derived capacity and the efficiency improvements. Where we are not going to deploy capital is in the part of the business which is not yielding the right returns. And in that part, we will high-grade the contract base. We will potentially move capacity around to get better returns for what we have deployed. And we will not deploy new capital into that part of the business until the returns are adequate. That might create shortages here and there. But at this stage we are prepared to do that. And we will do that in very close dialogue and cooperation with our customers so they know what our position is. But we cannot, and will not, deploy capital into operations which are not yielding the right returns.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, generally, we will look at the returns we are going to get for the frac fleets that we deploy. That's partly down to pricing, but it is also down to the operating efficiency and how well we work with the customers where we deploy this capacity, right? So some of these other considerations around the use of technology in frac obviously plays into it. But I think the sand mines at this stage, this is what – we treat this as a separate business. A fair bit of the sand that we sell today is all the – independent of the frac operations. It's sold directly to either other frac companies or directly to our customers. So we obviously look at optimizing the whole situation here. But generally, when we deploy these eight additional fleets, it's going to be ensuring that we get the right returns on them by themselves where we deploy them.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. So before we end, I would like to summarize the main points from today's call. Firstly, I'd like to clarify that we expect the Q2 EPS to be in line with the Street consensus of $0.35, and we don't, at this stage, see any upside to this number. Furthermore, global E&P spending is starting to normalize, which directionally means increased international investments to offset the accelerating production decline, while North America land investments are heading lower due to the E&P cash flow constraints leading to a likely downward adjustments to the current production growth outlook. Second, in North America, where visibility into the second half of the year remains limited, we are fully focused on maintaining operational flexibility and improving financial returns and cash generation, leveraging the strong execution platforms we have built over the past years in hydraulic fracturing, drilling and artificial lift. And third, we now see clear signs of a broad international activity upturn emerging both online and in particular offshore, seen by increases in rig count, new project FIDs and also renewed interest in exploration. All our 2019 CapEx will be deployed into the 50% of our international revenue base that is already producing highly accretive incremental margins. At the same time, we focus on securing improved commercial terms or return to the high-grading our contracts in the upper half of our international revenue base, which today is highly dilutive to our operating and incremental margins. That concludes our remarks. Thank you for participating. We now conclude the call.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, thank you. So indeed, I think it's good to see that our top line sales is increasing in international market, and the mix is improving towards more offshore and more exploration. So that is certainly a play that is good and alarming for our strengths. This being said, I think the pricing environment internationally is still depressed compared to where we were and used to have in two or three or five years ago. And as Paal did comment, about half of our revenue is, indeed, getting a pull-through that is accretive to our margin and certainly in the expected pull-through that we have anticipated. But we still have one quarter of revenue base that is changed based on contract condition, based on execution and based on pricing constraints that we have, highly competitive environments that is challenging us to add a full mix, that is accretive as we could hope. So we are resolute to fix and to focus on this quarter revenue that is not building the right margins. And we are hoping that this mix, with the increase offshore, increased exploration will gradually improve our pull-through for the coming quarters, but I would not expect this to be a step change compared to what we have seen in the last two quarters.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, thank you. Good question on Cameron. So as I did comment in my prepared remark, we do see, indeed, a gradual improvement of our book-to-bill ratio, the bookings parting subsea is supported by the shift to a more FID, offshore FID. The pipeline of offshore FID is increasing. As Paal did comment earlier from 50 last year, the pipeline is in excess of 80 this year. So we do expect that the Subsea 3 this year will be north of 300, similar to what we have last year. So that will fall-through into a set of bookings for integrated project or nonintegrated. So we believe that the Subsea will maintain its book-to-bill full year ratio materially above one. This will include some step outs infield with existing customer, and this will include integrated new field – larger greenfield project like the two that we have won recently with Woodside, one of which for gas development in Senegal. So we believe that the outlook is strong on the back of Subsea. With regards to drilling system, I think that this is a bit different as it is still a market where we benefited last year from quite a large set of land rig equipment and BOP take up, combined with mobilization and remobilization of deepwater rigs that we're preparing for the offshore companies. This will certainly change a bit going forward. But our land rig equipment will increase further as we step going forward. So I believe that the outlook is strong. Book-to-bill ratio above one for the remainder of the year and aligned with the subsea offshore development and, to a lesser extent, with the further mobilization of rig and the land activity being steady.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. So let me start by commenting on revenue outlook. So for Q2, we expect low- to mid-single digit sequential revenue growth in the international business. This is due to the seasonal rebound that we'll see in the North Sea and Russia in contrast with the first quarter. We expect steady growth in Middle East & Asia. And we expect a more nominal sequential growth in Africa and Latin America when we compare to what we have seen in previous quarter against the growth that we have seen. In North America, I think you heard the comment before, we expect limited sequential growth firstly, because of the seasonal breakout in break-up in Canada. Next because the – if we see and have other fracturing activity up in stage counts, this will be largely offset by the impact of the lower pricing that was set during the key tendering and during Q1. So for Cameron – that is Cameron, I think it will be a smaller limited sequential growth on the back of strong OneSubsea, offset partially by drilling system and steady single-digit growth for both drilling and surface. So that summarizes the increment of revenue from Q1 to Q2. So as it comes from the margin, we continue to improve our operational efficiency and our present contractual terms with customers, so impacting the international business as we discussed. And we hope to start to impact the most dilutive lower quartile for our revenue base. But based on all this, we expect this Q2 EPS revolving towards the current Street consensus. And we don't foresee no real room, at this point, to further improvement and upside revision for that.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. No. Thank you. So I think it's a fair question. It's a fair observation that some of the business could be and will be driven by performance model. So outside application first for this JV will be existing producing asset, brownfield assets where we believe in the land application, that the power of automation, data analytics and digital application will increase the efficiency, the amenability, and decrease the maintenance and increase the up line of those assets. So example, I think actually is pump surveillance and optimization or at least as well, or existing process productivity where the surveillance and automation could be – help optimize some of the producing outputs of those operating assets. So we are getting excellent feedback from the joint engagement we have with some customers around the – what Sensia could bring to the market. It's too early to say because the closing is still some time in the summer where this will start. But we expect the double-digit growth trajectory when we start this venture. And we will certainly get the benefit of the leadership, recognized leadership of Rockwell Automation, process control and having digital solution for the outfit. And we'll bring our domain – deep domain expertise, our measurement portfolio and obviously our digital capability with a debt-free solution. So we believe it's a combination that is unique to the market, very well received and first application onto producing oilfield assets with, indeed, potential for a performance contract that will give us the upside on this automation opportunity.
