Stephane Biguet: Thank you, Olivier, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Third quarter earnings per share, excluding charges and credits, was $0.36. This represents an increase of $0.06 compared to the second quarter of this year and an increase of $0.20 when compared to the same period of last year. In addition, we recorded in the third quarter a $0.03 gain relating to a startup company we had previously invested in. This Company was acquired during the quarter and as a result, our ownership interest was converted into shares of a publicly traded company. Overall, our third quarter revenue of $5.8 billion increased 4% sequentially. Pretax operating margins improved 120 basis points to 15.5% and have now increased 5 quarters in a row. Margins expanded sequentially in 3 of our 4 divisions, with very strong incremental margin in both Reservoir Performance and Well Construction. This performance was due to a favorable geographic mix, driven by continued international revenue growth, as well as a favorable technology mix with increased exploration and appraisal activity and new technology adoption. Company-wide adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.2% in the quarter increased 90 basis points sequentially. It is worth noting that this margin expansion was achieved despite the well-documented disruptions in global supply chain systems and inflation in select commodities and materials as well as in logistics. Through our global supply chain organization, we are successfully engaging with our suppliers and customers to jointly navigate inflationary trends. We are collaborating with our customers to optimize planning, and where applicable, make the necessary adjustments through existing contractual clauses or negotiation, . As a result, so far, we have largely been able to shield ourselves from the inflation effects. As the growth cycle accelerates, we will continue to be proactive, dynamically adjusting sourcing strategies and leveraging our diverse global manufacturing footprint and supply network. Let me now go through the third-quarter results for each division. Third quarter Digital & Integration revenue of $812 million was essentially flat sequentially as lower sales of digital solutions were offset by higher APS revenue. Pretax operating margins increased 154 basis points to 35%, largely as a result of improved commodity pricing in our Canada APS project. Reservoir Performance revenue of $1.2 billion increased 7% sequentially. This revenue growth was entirely driven by higher international activity. Margins expanded 202 basis points to 16%, largely due to higher offshore and exploration activity, as well as accelerated new technology adoption. Well Construction revenue of $2.3 billion increased 8% sequentially due to higher land and offshore drilling both internationally and in North America. Margins increased 230 basis points to 15.2% due to the higher drilling activity and a favorable geographical mix. Finally, Production Systems revenue of $1.7 billion was essentially flat sequentially, while margins decreased 27 basis points to 9.9%. Now, turning to our liquidity. Cash flow from operations was once again strong as we generated $1.1 billion of cash flow from operations and free cash flow of $671 million during the quarter. This represented a significant sequential increase when adjusting for last quarter's exceptional tax refund of $477 million. We paid $42 million of severance during the quarter. Excluding these payments, the working capital impact on our cash flow was neutral despite the revenue increase. This was driven by a very strong DSO performance. We expect the fourth quarter to show another quarter of strong free cash flow generation, which positions us favorably to achieve our ambition of delivering full year double-digit free cash flow margins. As a result of this strong cash flow performance, net debt decreased sequentially by $588 million to $12.5 billion. During the quarter, we made capital investments of $399 million. This amount includes CapEx, investments in APS projects, and multiclient. For the full year 2021, we are now expecting to spend approximately $1.6 billion on capital investments. In total, during the first 9 months of the year, we have generated over $2.7 billion of cash flow from operations and $1.7 billion of free cash flow. As a result, we have been able to progress significantly on our commitment to deleverage the balance sheet. This is evidenced by the fact that gross debt has decreased by almost $1.5 billion since the beginning of the year. Net debt has reduced by $1.4 billion during the same period. Overall, I am very pleased with our cash flow performance and the progress we are making towards strengthening the balance sheet. This will provide us with greater flexibility in our capital allocation. I will now turn the conference call back to Olivier.
Stephane Biguet: I’ll take this, Arun. Look, our immediate priority remains the deleveraging of the balance sheet. And yes, we've progressed quite well and we are very happy with its own. So now we do have a clear line of sight to achieving our 2x net debt-to-EBITDA target leverage, and we said we should do that by the end of 2022. With the earnings expansion, we are expecting in this growth cycle and our continuous focus on capital stewardship, yes, we will continue to generate significant excess cash in the next few years. So this will allow us to maintain a healthy balance sheet, and it will give us the flexibility to increase returns to shareholders, as well as fund new growth opportunities. As it relates to returns to shareholders, this is something we will continue to review with our Board of Directors as the cycle unfolds and the deleveraging of our balance sheet accelerates. And as it relates to new growth opportunities, we will -- whether it's in digital, New Energy, any new investment, we will continue to look at under the strict lens of our returns-based capital stewardship framework. Your question on Liberty. Clearly we are happy with the transaction we made now more than a year ago. We are benefiting from the recovery in North America through the significant appreciation of our equity stake there. And yes, monetization is clearly an option. The timing and the pace and the magnitude of this monetization will be based on the market conditions and the outlook. But we'll make sure we'll optimize it basically.
Stephane Biguet: Look, Waqar, for APS assets in Canada, which is what we discussed previously, we have received offers with various commercial constructs, and now we are just in the process of evaluating the potential merits and risks associated with those proposals. So this is what we are doing now. In the meantime, we are, of course, managing this asset as to optimize cash flows in the current commodity pricing environment, and it generates quite a lot of cash flow.
Stephane Biguet: It's a good question, Neil. Is 2x the right level? You could argue it's a good level throughout the cycle. Now in an up-cycle with the cash you generate, the excess cash we would probably be happy to go below 2x, and it will give us the required flexibility, as I said, to look at growth, additional growth opportunities, and potential incremental shareholder returns. So we may not stop at 2x. We can take this as an intermediary step and we -- 2x will just be an average throughout the cycle, I think, is the right level.
Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you, James, for the question. Indeed, we are very, very proud and very satisfied with the last 5 quarters. I think they have demonstrated our ability to leverage restructuring, portfolio high-grading, and the foundation we have put in place during this reset we have operated in the last 18 months. But furthermore, I think the -- looking forward as the cycle will unfold, I think there are 2 or 3 characteristics that are – that will play favorably, and that will help us continue to expand the margin as we have seen in the last quarter. So first, I believe that the market outlook will create a favorable market environment, exposing the basins where we have a strong position internationally and, in particular, Middle East offshore as I commented during my prepared remarks. Secondly, I believe that performance still matters and will matter increasingly. Hence our technology offering, fit-for-basin, Transition Technologies, and integration capability will continue to make a huge impact, will create a premium for service in both Well Construction, Reservoir Performance, and Production Systems. Digital, we see an acceleration going forward, as you have seen that we have continued to evolve, progress, and mature our digital platform strategy, and we are in the last innings of developing this strategy on the platform, on the foundations. Hence, we are now seeing increased adoption and acceleration. And we expect, as I said earlier, that this will be increasingly accretive to growth and earnings going forward. And finally, as the revenue and as the activity both internationally and in North America will increase, this will tighten the market and create a condition for pricing. So when you combine this favorable market exposure, the track record we have, the technology adoption that gives us a premium and a performance differentiation, and integrated contract with digital, you have the formula for supporting our ambition for 25% or higher EBITDA margin by mid-cycle.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think I will highlight 3 things that will be a result of our success and our investment and leadership in digital. First, obviously, the acceleration of digital adoption by customers through our workflow, data, and digital operation offering, and you are seeing elements of this being announced every quarter. And you will continue to see this unfolding across the different customer groups and across different geographies. So this will mean accretive growth in 2022 to our top line by the digital offering, we have. The second aspect is the long-tail effect beyond the cycle. I believe that the effect is -- certainly will last, considering the very significant size of our customer portfolio, the fact that customers are going into it over the long run. We are seeing multiple effects of revenue stream being deployed across multiple quarters and multiple years across the different customer groups we are addressing. And finally, this is generating margins fall-through that are accretive to earnings and will continue to help us operate D&I at or above 30% or mid-30s and also will result in our ability to extract from digital operations and our own operation, particularly integrated performance in Well Construction and Reservoir Performance, the ability to extract more efficiency and hence to expand and support margin expansion on those divisions.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think this contract are large integrated contracts that we have been winning on our value proposition based on performance, on demonstrated efficiency, and ability to deploy technology that makes an impact on execution. We do have the capacity in place. We have demonstrated to pilots and/or to engagements that we had before that we could deliver the required performance that the customers are expecting. And we have priced it accordingly and we demonstrated during the last few years that we have improved our ability to engage, digitalize our operation, and work with customers to get this integrated contract, whether it’s LSTK or other, to be performing and delivering the margins and earnings we need. So we will continue to extract value from these contracts over a period of time. So we are very proud of winning those contracts. They are based on performance; they are based on technology and our team on the ground. They have done a great job of demonstrating they could take these contracts and get value for customers and for ourselves.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, we have started to mobilize this equipment that we have already in place. And obviously, this will pull equipment from other places where we had it. But we have the equipment in place and we’re able to deliver upon the committed contract we are taking in both Oman and in Saudi.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, I think I remain constructive about the offshore environment for a couple of reasons. First, because this offshore environment has been strengthening steadily for the last few quarters, and that's been the rig activity has been increasing lately. And I think we have, in the offshore international market, been growing in the mid-teens, year-on-year and in H2 over H2. So that's proof that this activity is translating into revenue opportunity. And I think the offshore markets, both particularly internationally, have been growing and rebounding in the last –two to four quarters. But now, looking ahead and looking at the activity, we see a lot of leading indicators. First, the FIDs. If you look at the actual FID of this year, or if you look at the projection of some of the WoodMac projection recently published, showing that there will be in excess of $100 million of offshore FID, most likely sanctioned by the end of this year, and that will almost double next year. And out of this, 50% of that will be deepwater. So there is an acceleration of FID back to the 2019 level that is on the horizon. And that is a result of IOCs going to exploit their advantaged basin and focusing hubs, the National Oil Company exploiting and unlocking the oil and gas reserve to participate to the supply. And finally, there has been a lot of assets trading hands in the last few quarters. And these international independents are also pursuing accelerated FID in different basins we are exposed. And the result of that is subsea backlog is growing. We are definitely above 1 book-to-bill ratio. And we will certainly be growing year-on-year in excess of 30% or 40% of booking from 2021 -- 2020 to 2021. So we are indeed quite positive and constructive, and this plays very well to our portfolio because this Well Construction, Reservoir Performance in exploration appraisal, in large offshore contracts are getting the benefit, and it was very visible during the third quarter. So you could take this as a proxy of the future.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think the condition set is a unique combination that we are living with -- from the result of under-investment in the last 5 to 7 years combined with a reset that we have experienced in the industry during 2020, and also an elevated capital discipline, partly North America. When you combine this and look at the demand outlook that will surpass the GDP growth expected for the next 2 or 3 years, that will surpass the 2019 level sometime next year. I think the result of which will create a pull on international supply and will create a necessity for reinvestment in our industry. So the questions are very simple. There's an anticipated deficit of supply if there is no reinvestment in our industry. We have seen that many NOCs have signaled that they are set to reinvest in their capacity going forward. The IOCs are concentrating on their advantaged basins. They will not be the ones leading the growth in this cycle, but they would be the ones pursuing still the advantaged basin to generate the cash they need to transition to new energy. The independents are taking benefit of this position, have inherited some prolific assets and are redeveloping those assets with our support and the support of the entire industry to participate to the supply. So I think the conditions are set undoubtedly, that this demand will have to be met with supply and this supply cannot come with inventory, cannot come with only releasing the OPEC spare capacity. More will have to be built. Hence it will create activity growth in the coming years. And it's not only a short in 2022. This FID I talked about, this capacity expansion in Middle East are long-term projects that will have long-tail effects beyond the '22-'23 horizon.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, no. Chase, we don't disclose and we don't guide on down to the granular division. I think we're talking about a flattish margin, global margin, and in a sense maintaining very, very high-margin and exiting in the mid-teens globally for the Company as operating margins and the same level of EBITDA margin. So that's the -- what matters for us is the exit rate and the implication of this exit rate as we enter 2022 as a platform, as a foundation for margin expansion going forward. So the mix is giving us this result of flat or about mid-teens margin, and that's the ambition, and we are very proud of this -- maintaining this level of margins.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, I think the OPEC+ will continue to release this increment of oil to the market to be behind the supply curve, beyond the demand curve. But we are continuing to see an increase of intervention activity -- short-cycle activity that is starting to materialize in the OPEC+ countries where we are seeing mobilization of intervention stimulation as we have seen lifting and production maintenance activities. So that's the effect on short-cycle. This will also include a rig remobilization to do some infill drilling to start to support this increment of barrels for the country that has the capacity to expand fast. And this will turn into more long-cycle, as both the gas development is accelerating and you have seen the Jafurah announcement from Saudi and the continuation of a large gas in the Middle East and elsewhere, as well as the commitment that 2 or 3 countries have taken in the Middle East particularly around the expansion of production capacity, permanent capacity towards the horizon of 2024-27, depending on the country. So what you talk about has an impact on short-cycle, but this is an underlying activity growth coming from long-cycle as well.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, it's a mix effect. I think you have to account for 2 effects: first, the production system that had some logistics and supply-related delay into delivery will have a sizable catch-up in the fourth quarter. And this segment where we are very happy with the double-digit margin and anticipate for margin expansion, this will be, in a mix, slightly dilutive to our margin overall. And that will offset some of the -- what you could expect from a digital fall through where we expect a strong end-of-year sales. But also you have to add to the mix the fact that you are in going into a seasonal effect in Northern Hemisphere and to lower mix of exploration and appraisal, that will have an effect and seasonality of Reservoir Performance. That is something that we -- that happens every year. And where the third quarter is typically the high-margin quarter due to this probable offshore operation mix, that decline for 1 or 2 quarters before it rebounds strongly every spring. So that's when you put this mix together, you result into maintaining the margin at the level we are putting, which is something remarkable and entering the 2022 on a high ground.
Olivier Le Peuch: Well, I think it has remained competitive due to the sheer size of this contract. But until the capacity in the market is stretched and is tightening, I think you will see that the market remains competitive in large integrated contract. But our capital discipline, the activity growing in all basins is set to create a condition for the tightening and hence, a lifting on the core pricing of our offering. Now, we are still very satisfied with these awards because we have demonstrated that we -- through integration, through performance, through technology, including digital and [inaudible], we have been differentiated in our ability to sustain our performance on those contracts and create the value we need to elevate the margins.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think first it's not a matter of if but when we’ll hit and exceed this 25% EBITDA. We have been doing it. We have been delivering over 30% recently. The market condition as we foresee for -- going forward, as I’ve commented earlier, favorable with the right basin and operating environment mix that is favorable to our margin mix. Our technology adoption, performance through integration and digital operation, and accretive digital mix, I think, are putting the condition before pricing kicks in to give us the outlook, a positive outlook on this so that we will indeed ambition to achieve this before 5 years, clearly.
Olivier Le Peuch: Some of the performance to-date, okay, pulling and elevating the performance of our Divisions to their highest level in 3 years or more and restoring to portfolio high-grading North America already proved that we can move our margins through execution, through performance, through high-grading visibly. So can we move forward? I think pricing will only accelerate the time by which this will be met. But we are still constructive that we will achieve this independently of pricing and that pricing will come as a bonus to elevate beyond 25%.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think it would be difficult to give you a precise outlook because this will depend on every division and almost on every geography, depending on a mix outlook we foresee. But suffice to say that I think our operating leverage will indeed be a base for margin expansion to the way we execute with efficiency using our own digital transformation to execute and extract performance from our execution. So that's the base. Above that, I will place the technology first and technology mix adoption from Fit-For-Basin that are highly differentiated and successful in all basins. I will include the Transition Technologies that are starting to emerge as a unique differentiator. And it will include also the integration delivery performance in integration contract. And then indeed, and you are correct, our digital expansion will be favorable on top. So I think you have these 3 things, but I don't want to be starting to be trying to create a boundary between these, I don't think is appropriate. And I think it will depend on every basin and every division will have a different trajectory, but we are confident that across the profile we have considering the international mix, considering the offshore, considering the technology adoption that is coming back, I think this -- we have the path forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: Gas is there –for a long time as a critical supply, as a transition fuel as well. So I think you see that the existing reserves, be it on unconventional or conventional, offshore and onshore will be commercialized by our customers as long as they have a path to market through LNG or they have a path to market to pipeline. So we see this accelerating. You have seen some of the critical announcement we made this morning relating to onshore, offshore, –unconventional, and conventional gas developments and we see it as a trend that is not about to stop. Now, will it accelerate? I think the gas supply/demand is misbalanced this year, will recover a little bit next year, but will continue its strong trajectory going forward. And there are few countries that are committed to accelerate their gas transition. India is the most visible one, that will step change their consumption of gas and will then participate to fuel the gas demand and will itself expand in gas supply as well domestically. So Middle East, domestic gas, India as an engine of growth for gas beyond the current mix and some specific security supply that will trigger some gas development from existing gas, the redevelopment or short-cycle activity. So I'm optimistic, hence, very, very pleased with the gas contract we have been winning this quarter.
Olivier Le Peuch: It's too early to give a specific guidance for exploration. What I will say for exploration is that we are seeing 2 things coming back. We are seeing some seismic activity coming back, including there are some proof that the seismic boat utilization is going. But what is more critical is the near-field exploration is triggering more activity in exploration going forward as everybody wants to get better return on their existing infrastructure to create tieback. And hence, we have seen some licensing rounds as well. So licensing rounds, some seismic survey coming back, and exploration, near-field exploration for future infill or tieback is what we see. So to give you a magnitude directionally, it will increase, but to keep in mind it is too early.
Olivier Le Peuch: So first, we will continue to pursue. We have made investment into a digital platform. We are using it both internally and externally. We have critical customers that depend upon us and will continue to trust us for the future. So we are using it to accelerate our growth, be accretive on our growth and our returns. And whether we are getting the right value, I think it's up to you to review and give us the multiple expansion that we deserve for this. I think we have been, so far, demonstrating enough margins -- sustained margin. To this we anticipate the growth to now come to play visibly in the coming years. And I think our leadership in this is recognized. And yes, I would expect that this will be turning into a premium for valuation. I believe it's time to go. I'm not sure that we have time for another question.
Olivier Le Peuch: So thank you very much. So I would like to conclude the call and I would like to leave you with a few key takeaways. First, during the third quarter, our growth momentum was sustained, both internally, internationally and in North America and drove peer-leading margin expansion, reflecting our operating leverage, advantaged market position, and increased technology adoption. We also generated sizable free cash flow, allowing us to materially reduce our net debt. Secondly, our performance in execution, our proven integration capabilities, and our differentiated technology and digital portfolio are increasingly resonating with our customers and have resulted in sizable awards in the quarter across Middle East, offshore, and in gas development, in particular, all critical markets as the up-cycle unfolds. Thirdly, we're confident that the momentum of this up-cycle will continue allowing us to close this year with another quarter of revenue and earnings growth, resulting in full-year sequential growth internationally and pro forma North America, and full year margin expansion on the high-end of our guidance. Finally. with the backdrop of strengthening demand in the energy markets, the macro conditions are increasingly set for an exceptional multiyear growth cycle unfolding broadly during 2022, both internationally and North America and resulting in significant earnings growth potential for Schlumberger. Ladies and gentlemen, I could not be more satisfied with our strategy execution progress to-date, the enthusiasm of our entire team, and the elevated trust of our customers. I look forward to the coming quarters with increased confidence. Our returns-focused strategic execution has created the conditions for a unique outperformance in our core and digital offering at the onset of this up-cycle whilst elevating our sustainability commitment and accelerating our new energy strategic initiatives. Thank you very much.
