Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think if you look at the progression of 2019, I think I'll limit my comments to that. Like I said, the first quarter will be – we will see a lot of the start-up of these new contract wins. So in terms of revenue, we will have an impact of seasonality given the relative higher share of Northern Hemisphere business at this stage. And then it will be start-up cost and mobilizations that we're going to focus on in the coming quarters. So in terms of revenue progression, I think you will see the first quarter of significant acceleration in revenue in the second quarter followed again by a very strong growth also into the third quarter. So the year will have a somewhat slow start with seasonality with start-up costs and mobilizations in the first and then followed by strong growth in the subsequent quarters.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah, I think from an overall activity standpoint, I mean, we – I think about 10% reduction in EPS is a good benchmark for that. On top of that, we will have, I would say, two three additional sense of one-time costs lead to the reactivation as well as repositioning of equipment. But I think the 10% number is a good guide for the traditional seasonality with a couple of extra cents on additional costs.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. So for the multi-stage completion business for U.S. land, we do have a more or less complete offering. There's a few small pieces that we're missing that we have. We're working on organically. But in terms of overall, we have the products that we need in the market. We have a presence in the market, although it is not very high. So what we are in full swing of doing now is to step up both supply chain and manufacturing as well as sales of this offering. And we will now tie it very closely to the deployment of additional horsepower. We obviously have ramped up significantly already in 2017. So we have a very aggressive growth plan for the multi-stage completion offering that we already have in-house, and we will look to penetrate significantly into the OneStim frac fleet that we already have in operation as well as the additional fleets that we will put into play in 2018.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I would say that, if you look at what we've done over the past three years in the down cycle, we have two acquisitions, in particular, Cameron and through the combined I would say a number of small acquisitions within land drilling and organic investments, we have increased our addressable market with around 50%. So we have now a very complete portfolio within rest of our characterization, within all aspects of drilling, within all aspects of production, with an increased presence and U.S. land as well, and we’ve added Cameron to the lineup in 2016. So our strategy going forward is very clearly that we want to now increase our market share, increase our participation in all aspects of the global business. We have a fantastic presence in the international market, which are now just returning to growth. And as I indicated in my prepared remarks, our earnings power internationally is four to five times higher than what it is in the North America land. So our strategy is very clear, it hasn't changed. We will continue to participate in all the major markets around the world. And we are very excited about the growth opportunities now that international is providing us. And again, the earnings power we have in these markets.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think, overall, our objective is to outgrow the overall market in any part of the growth, right? So I would say that if the international E&P spend growth ends up being 5%, our goal is to outperform it.
Paal Kibsgaard: It's a fair question, Jim. Obviously, we have a very clear view on pricing, and we have a very good handle on pricing. At this stage, I don't really want to go into what we think about pricing or how we're going to play pricing. This is very sensitive and very close to how we are running the business. So I'd rather keep those views to myself. Other than that, we have a very clear view on what they are doing w e are going to do going forward.
Paal Kibsgaard: I'm going not to stick to what is said. I think the overall in any part of the world remain competitive really at any stage of the cycle. The question is are you pushing pricing up, are you looking for market share? I'm not saying that we are doing either of those two things other than what we have a very good handle on what to do with pricing, and we view this as a competitive advantage through how we are going to perform in the market going forward.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. If you look at what we did in 2017, we basically reactivated around 1 million-horsepower or slightly north of 20 fleets in 2017 of our own capacity. We are now more or less fully deployed, and we had challenges early on with the reactivation and getting everything out. There is a lot of hiring, there's a lot of new things to take on as to massively ramp up as we did. But at least, we have gotten the hang of it. So our plan is to do exactly the same in 2018. So we would be deploying the additional 1 million-horsepower over the course of 2018 and although it's not going to be a completely straight line, I think fairly close to a straight line over the course of the year, I think is a good assumption.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. So for the horsepower that we bought from Weatherford, we expect the total reactivation cost to be in the range of $100 million, which is factored into our CapEx guidance.
Paal Kibsgaard: We generally don't give annual guidance, so I'm not going to step into that. I would just reiterate my commentary that Q1 is transitory. We are not suggesting anything else than that. We have normal seasonal decline, we have some additional costs related to repositioning and reactivation, and we expect very strong growth in earnings, both in the Q2 and Q3 coming after.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, this is the full cycle comparison of our North American operations versus our international operations, full cycle.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah, we are for sure targeting that. I think our goal is to beat the margins we had in the previous cycle and obviously peak higher and then whenever the inevitable next cycle starts, that we also profiler. So we have very clear plans in place for how we're going to do that both when it comes operating margins, when it comes to free cash flow generation as well as a return on capital employed.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, we haven’t changed our position in terms of wanting to get paid for our technology and in the markets where we are not going to get paid for our differentiated technology, we will provide market performance in those markets. Right? But I would say that the conversation is starting to shift in many of the markets around the world now towards technology, towards differentiated technologies and towards overall service and product performance. And this is, obviously, something that favors us. I think even in North America land, as we go into 2019, there is a growing focus from the customer base on both drilling and hydraulic fracturing efficiencies. So we want basically more well spots per rigs per year, and we want more stages per fleet per month, right? So all of these elements favors differentiated technologies, individuals technologies as well as our integrated offering, both when it comes to drilling and stimulation. So in terms of R&D spend, we have taken the R&D spend down gradually over the course of this downturn. We don't have plans for 2018 to increase it significantly, but we have plans in place in the following years as to what we would direct the spend towards when the market permits those to increase spend.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah. I think generally for those mechanisms, if you look at the bidding activity that we've gone through say over the past year and are still ongoing at this stage most of the contracts that those mechanisms were tagged on to are now being replaced by new bids. So I don't expect there to be a significant number of contracts where we still have those mechanisms in place that generally replaced by new contracts that have been competitively bid over the past year and it's still being awarded as we speak.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think if you look at the impact in Q4, there is some D&A impact. And beyond that, I think, obviously, it will be less capital intensive going towards. I would say lower CapEx, higher free cash conversion and some positive impact from D&A. Beyond that, that's it.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, from the OneSubsea side, we have, over the past three years, done a lot on reducing the overall cost space and the capital intensity, the size on the equipment that we provide. So I mean this is nothing new for us, we've already made significant investments into this. We are quite competitive when it comes to all aspect of this, right? So this is already being going on within OneSubsea for a number of years. And if you look at some of the awards we've had in the past 12 months that's coming out as a direct consequence of being very competitive when it comes to cost and also standardization of the equipment that we're providing our solutions to our customers. So there's nothing new for us, we've already being working on this, and continue to work on it.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I don't have a specific number to give you on the number of projected fee awards other than that it set to be up in 2018. I think overall number of FIDs offshore as well is on the positive trend. So we are optimistic and excited about the offshore market as well as overall, the international market going into 2018.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah. So for 2019, we target to increasing incremental margins in all aspects of our business around the world. I'm not sure that 65% incrementals in 2018 is that realistic because we will require a fair bit of pricing to reach those levels, but I've always said that 65% is achievable, good pricing. So we will have to see how the market pans out in terms of pricing. But absent pricing, I think it's going to be tough to get the 65%, but we for sure going to improve over the incremental margins that we delivered in 2017.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, absolutely. We are for sure targeting the 65% incrementals when we got into steady growth, when we get a bit of pricing tailwind. That ambition have not changed, and we are going to work towards achieving. Yeah.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I'm saying that for the underlying frac spread technology, we haven’t talked about any kind of differentiation in that. I think the equipment that we bought from Weatherford versus the equipment that we generally have ourselves is more or less the same. I think it's much more down to water pumping, the fluid systems, diversion and potentially going more to an integrated model. But I would say today, we operate with basically generic fluid systems, and we have more or less the standard business model that the industry uses for us. So there's really no difference in the way we are operating any of the frac spreads within OneStim today and that's going to change from a take onboard the additional 1 million horsepower from Weatherford, right? So we are happy to provide more of an integrated package including both pump down perforating and multi-stage completions, and that's what we are going to be promoting in our contract with our customers, right? But for the ones that want to buy the individual pieces, we would continue to do that and that is still a lion's share of how we operate today.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. I think where the substantial growth that the industry has seen, and obviously, we have seen it and more so in the past year, and that's going to continue into 2018. There are bottlenecks in many parts of the value chain, right? But through diverse integration program, we have now been able to streamline a lot of the aspects all the way from the sand mind, to the railcars, to the transload and even then at the last mile through owning of fair bit of our own last mile trucking. So that's getting ironed out and I think the other aspect of challenges as well as that while the service industries has to ramp up their capacity and readiness, the same has gone for the customers. And I would say that there hasn’t always been perfect synchronization in between our operations and customers where you get inefficiencies from waiting on water, waiting for the valve to be ready and so forth. So I think there's also a significant part of how we are going to be looking to try to streamline operations, to drive efficiency and further drive profitability in the year to come. But all of these things are in the works. We know where the bottlenecks are, and we have I would say active programs to address all of these in the coming year.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I mean, we're basically saying that we can keep our CapEx for field equipment flat in 2018 versus 2017. And it's began driven by the fact that we have in our view significant upside potential when it comes to the utilization of the existing asset base. So I don't see this as a one year benefit. We have this program going on, which I think will benefit those for a number of years going forward. So while I'm not going to make any prediction to field equipment CapEx for 2019 already at this stage, but for growth rate that are in the range of what we're seeing now, we can continue to do this for a number of years going forward. So we have significant capacity upside from the existing asset base, and we are going to try to drive utilization up and have a significant tailwind to our current capital employed by not having to spend a lot of CapEx on replenishing the field operation.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think as activity will continue to increase, we expect to see growth and pricing opportunities for all the surrounding activities around fracking as well as on all aspects of drilling as well, right? And the last part, which we don't talk a lot about on these calls, is the Artificial Lift business, but we also have a very strong presence both when it comes to DSPs and price right? So for all aspect of our business in U.S. and going forward, we are very positive on both activity and pricing opportunity.
