Simon Ayat: Thank you, Malcolm. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in this conference call. Second quarter earnings per share from continuing operations, excluding charges and credits, was $1.05. This is an increase of $0.09 sequentially and $0.19 compared to the same quarter last year. All prior period amounts have been restated, as the Distribution segment has been reclassified to discontinued operations following the sale of Wilson and the sale of our investment in CE Franklin. Oilfield Services second quarter revenue of $10.4 billion increased 5.3% sequentially. Pretax income of $2.1 billion increased 8% sequentially, while pretax operating margins improved by 50 basis points. Sequential revenue and pretax margin highlights by product group were as follows: Second quarter Reservoir Characterization Group revenue of $2.8 billion, increased 7.4% sequentially, and margins grew 223 basis points to 28.2%. These improvements were driven by a seasonal rebound in SIS, combined with strong performances in Testing Services and Wireline. In fact, every technology in the group experienced sequential revenue growth and margin expansion. Drilling group second quarter revenue of $4 billion increased 5.7%, while margin improved 107 basis points to 18.4%. These increases were largely attributable to the Drilling & Measurements and M-I SWACO on robust international activity. Second quarter Production Group revenue of $3.7 billion increased 5.6% sequentially, while pretax margin fell 117 basis points to 16.4%. The revenue growth was led by Artificial Lift, Completions and Schlumberger Production Management. The margin decline was largely attributable to our North America hydraulic fracturing business as a result of the spring break-up in Canada and continued cost inflation and pricing pressure in U.S. land. Now turning to Schlumberger as a whole. The effective tax rate, excluding charges and credits, was 24% in the second quarter compared to 23.6% in the previous quarter. We continue to expect the effective tax rate for a full year of 2012 to be in the mid-20s. However, this can vary on a quarterly basis due to the geographic mix of business. Net debt at the end of the quarter was $6.7 billion as compared to $5.8 billion at the end of Q1. This reflected an increase in working capital requirements to support the current and anticipated business growth. Other significant liquidity events during the quarter included $1.1 billion of CapEx, $681 million of acquisitions, $906 million of proceeds from the sale of the Wilson business and $499 million of stock repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased 7.52 million shares at an average price of $66.30. CapEx is still expected to be approximately $4.5 billion in 2012 as compared to the $4 billion we spent in 2011. And now, I turn the conference over to Paal.
Simon Ayat: Well, you can assume that it is growing slightly. It is more or less what you mentioned, but the growth is reflective of the rest of the business, yes.
Simon Ayat: It is higher than some of the other businesses, but overall, it's reflective of what we are experiencing with the Oilfield Services.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, just to clarify, the Q2 performance, we had very good performance in the Gulf of Mexico, the rig-related businesses, while the multiclient sales were more or less flat with Q1. So I would say that the Gulf of Mexico had a positive impact on the overall results, while multiclient sales were basically flat. Now we also had steady activity in pricing in the Wireline and Drilling businesses on U.S. land, while the Canada break-up impact came in as expected. So the main downwards pressure we saw in addition was the continued pricing and cost challenges in hydraulic fracturing. So whether the nonperformance from our side on U.S. land is sustainable, I think it's too early to say. I think it's going to be mainly a function around what the rig count is going to be. I think it's very clear that the hydraulic fracturing margins are going to continue down in Q3. We are still bidding lower in the liquids basins as of today. So if you look at it, both liquids and gas pricing is now about 20% down from the peak, and quite a few of these contracts have not yet been implemented. So I would say the liquid -- the margins in hydraulic fracturing is coming down. And to what extent we can offset that will obviously be a function of continued activity in the Gulf of Mexico, and we are heading into the hurricane season, which also brings some uncertainty. So we're obviously well positioned to offset the hydraulic fracturing, but to what extent we can do it is still a bit uncertain.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I said that Russia -- as we indicated at the beginning of the year, we had identified Russia to be one of our fastest growing markets. What we said was that within ECA, sub-Sahara Africa offshore and the North Sea offshore would be significant growth drivers. We continue to see them as strong growth drivers in the second half of the year. And at the same time, in ECA, we had North Africa land and Russia land generally as strong growth drivers as well, and we maintain those views. Now all these growth outlooks and expectations, we have to tie in this whole, overall macro uncertainty, as I mentioned in my prepared notes. But overall, the market progressed in Q2 as we were expecting in the international market, and ECA, I think, did slightly better than what we were expecting.
Paal Kibsgaard: I'll give you a brief outline of what they are. So generally, they are focusing on both operational quality and operational efficiency. So I think we mentioned earlier that we've had a strong focus on the quality of operations now for a number of years. Actually, we started this Excellence in Execution initiative back in 2008, driving quality. And if you look at our nonproductive time in our worldwide operations at this stage, we are now about 50% down compared to where we were when we started off back in 2008. And this is driven by the engineering and manufacturing of our products and making these more reliable. It's also driven around the investment in training and competency management and also a very strong focus on project preparation and process discipline. What we have augmented this Excellence in Execution drive with recently, or more recently, is the initiatives around operational efficiency or cost management, right? So this revolves around global supply chain and category management. We have a significant part of our organization occupied with shared services and transactional activities, and also things around asset utilization and global distribution. So all these elements, given our size and our footprint and our reach, represent a significant part of our cost base. And by driving efficiency even in small percentages with such a sizable organization, has a direct -- quite a meaningful impact to the bottom line, right? So -- but I would say that most of these or all these projects are multiyear projects, and you will see gradual impact over time.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, we saw some impact of, I would say, international pricing in the quarter, right? So I indicated in the Q1 call that we saw pricing sentiment starting to turn more positive. And I think that trend continued during the second quarter, also driven by strong growth in activity, which leads to further tightening of capacity. We continue to test pricing on these smaller contracts with actually quite good success rate during the second quarter. And also, we saw more technology sell-up within the existing contracts, which has a quick fall-through to the bottom line within the current quarter, right? I would say the other key thing that we observed during this quarter is that the high offshore rig rates and in projects with tight project schedules, we see our customers elevating their focus on operational excellence and willingness to actually pay for it, right? And this enabled us, in some cases, to win contracts at very good pricing premiums due to the quality of our performance. So Q2 was a step in the right direction, provided that the macro uncertainty doesn't have a negative impact going forward. I think it's reasonable to believe that this could continue into the second half of the year.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, in the contracts where we manage to secure a contract at pricing premiums, a lot of this has -- revolves around, I would say, Wireline and the Drilling segments. So this is -- in terms of the number of them, I mean, it's not prolific around the world yet. But at least we see a correlation between higher rig rates and more focus on operational excellence from our customers, where the actual pricing they pay for our services versus the negative impact of poor performance from the services they buy, they put a lot more focus on that.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I don't know what the drivers behind their results, but I would just say that we continue to replace our competitors on key projects and on key rigs. So this whole focus around operational integrity and quality is, I would say, is now become quite a significant market share driver. So we've been quoting this D&M replacement ratio number over the past couple of quarters. And that number, again, this quarter, was 39 to 6. So we replaced our competitors 39 times. We were replaced 6 times. So that ratio is maintained. And I would say that the driver behind that is being able to perform within the contracts that you initially win. So the key is to win the contract on reasonable pricing to allow you to invest and perform. That's really the only way to maintain the contracts in the international market.
Paal Kibsgaard: Oh, yes, we are not going in to replace our competitors at their pricing or at the average pricing. We need a premium to do that.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, multiclient sales in North America were flat sequentially. So we had strong performance in the Gulf of Mexico in terms of the deepwater operations overall. And that obviously helped, but it wasn't -- there wasn't a significant boost. We were hoping to see a significant boost around the June lease sales. That did not really materialize. So multiclient sales were flat sequentially. So there weren't really anything exceptional in North America this quarter.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, it's a bit early to say what they're willing to pay for. You're right in saying that this is one of the biggest engineering projects we have undertaken as a company. And with those kinds of investments and with the value that this technology is going to bring, we obviously want to be paid a fair price for that in relation to what value it brings. So our plan for this year is that we are going to run one vessel with the IsoMetrix streamers on -- or the Nessie-6 streamers on, and then we will do a ramp-up next year. We haven't really finalized the plan for CapEx investment in this for next year, but I'm quite confident that we are going to be able to get a good pricing premium on this technology in the market.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. Well, I don't really have any specific comment on the backlog other than we maintain quite a positive view on the outlook for the market. If you look at the Q2 results, they were pretty much in line with what we were expecting. We took the opportunity to reposition some of our vessels and also to do some dry dock maintenance of them. But beyond that, utilization was quite good. Looking forward to Q3, we are now fully sold out, and we're actually also already 60% booked for Q4. So the main question mark this year has actually been, "Are we going to avoid the seasonal lull that we typically get in Q4?" And at this stage, I think we have a reasonable chance of avoiding that with being so much booked already.
Paal Kibsgaard: We don't really give details of this, right? So I would just say that the -- there was a good progression of seismic performance between Q1 and Q2. But in terms of specifics on margin and percentages, we don't disclose that.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. Well, if you look at our visibility in terms of bookings, beyond Q4 we don't really have any clear visibility on how the quarters are going to shape up. But I would say this year looks strong. If you look at the total market of high-capacity vessels today, total market is around 62, out of which WesternGeco has 16. So we are seeing that there is overall new-build from several of the players, of which we have 2 new-build vessels coming online in 2014. So our view on new-builds is twofold. We will add capacity if we can get the needed utilization. But we also have a vessel replacement program, which is basically retiring some of our older vessels and replacing them by new higher capacity ones, right? So depending on where we are in 2014, when the these new vessels are becoming available, we will make a call on actually whether we extend the life of the ones that we have or we actually retire them and maintain capacity flat. So it's all about ensuring utilization in marine seismic. And beyond that, we obviously want to make sure that we capture some of the upside of activity, if that was to materialize. But at this stage, I would say that we have a positive view on this year, and provided that there's no dramatic change to the overall market, that should spill into 2013 as well, most likely.
Paal Kibsgaard: Pricing is similar to what I said in the Q1 call. We are bidding more or less 10% up year-on-year. You will still find in Q3 that you'll have a mix of contracts bid last year and contracts bid this year, right? So you won't have that full 10% impact on the P&L, but overall again positive sentiments on seismic.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I wouldn't generalize competitive pricing in the overall deepwater market. If you look at our position in the deepwater market, whether it's for Drilling & Measurements or Wireline, this is where we have the highest pricing and the highest margins of these type of businesses. So in some of the large contracts revolving around this, there might be quite competitive bidding. But overall, our deepwater business for both of these segments is highly accretive to our margins.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, if we start off with the first part of the question. The large contracts, as you say, or the ones that have been quoted in previous quarters, they make up, I would say, less than 20% of our overall contract volumes. So they are significant in terms of their size and duration, and they're often very strategic to secure. But as an overall part of the volume, it is not that big, so -- which means that it's the smaller contracts that make up more of a significant part of our international portfolio. The duration of these contracts vary a fair bit. It could be one well; it could be one project. So it's a bit difficult to quantify exactly what the average here is, right? But generally, they will be multiyear, typically, unless you're just bidding for one particular exploration well.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think it's all relative, right? I would just say that the -- in the event there is a significant event in the global economy, whether that is linked to China or Europe or it could be geopolitical, that could have an impact on -- even on shorter term activity, if cash flow comes into question. But I agree with you. In international markets, a significant part of the contract base is longer term and generally should be robust. But we saw significant volatility in the second quarter in terms of the global markets. And that volatility could bring some more caution into some of the -- some of how the operators, how they plan to go forward with activity. Now we have not seen any signs of change or any difference in plans versus what we had a quarter ago. But I think there is significant market uncertainties in the global market, and I think it's just prudent to point that out.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I would say all 3 elements, whether this is, like you say, technology -- I mean, technology has always been a key part of how we generate value and how we [indiscernible]. And the 2 other ones, which are more the shared services and supply chain part, as well as the field operation and utilization, the latter 2 has, I would say, still significant upside given the size of our global operations. So these multiyear programs I'm referring to, I believe they will be meaningful over time. But they're not going to have any dramatic quarter impact this quarter or next quarter or so forth, right? It's going to be part of a continuous improvement process where we put a lot more focus, and I would say scientific approaches, into some of the other parts of the company rather than just the technology that we develop and that we deploy for our customers. So there is significant upside in terms of how we run as a company for those internal aspects. And these are initiatives and programs that we are going to be carrying forward for the next 3, 4, 5 years, and they would have a gradual impact in terms of our results.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I'm not going to give you any margin other [ph] than [indiscernible]. You knew that, didn't you? But I would say that we are continuously focused on driving our margins up, whether that is pricing, technology or these other efficiency programs.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, sure. So I can take you quickly around the main countries there, right? So if you look at Mexico, I think Mexico has, so far this year, been one of the main drivers for Latin America for us. And going forward, we see further rig additions on land and shallow offshore in the second half of the year. Pemex is evaluating the Eagle Ford south extension as well and there are some both shale gas and shale oil pilots upcoming there, and we are engaged there with our shale workflow. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we also won the Panuco block, together with Petrofrac, in the second round of production incentive contracts. So overall, Mexico, with both the IPM activity, the individual products and services we do with Pemex, as well as these production incentive contracts, provides a very strong basis for growth and performance going forward. If we jump to Brazil, we see deepwater rig counts growing in the second half of the year. It's been relatively flat-ish in both Q1 and Q2, as a number of new rigs were arriving and being commissioned. So there's still, I would say, strong growth likely to take place in Brazil in the second part of the year. And a key, again, in Brazil is going to be linked to the outcome of these significant bids that are still under evaluation from Petrobras. In Argentina, we also maintain, I would say, a good activity outlook, driven by both the shale gas and shale oil, as well as on the conventional. There's some short-term uncertainty as the situation around YPF settles, but I would say that medium to longer term, our view on Argentina is still positive. And then the other one that we -- I think you referred to is Ecuador, where we are very pleased with how the start-up of the Shushufindi SPM project has progressed. And the activity in Ecuador, both on this project, Shushufindi, as well in the general market there, is going to continue to ramp up in the second half.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I wouldn't say that there has been a significant change in how they go about doing their contracting. I would say that is generally because most of these bids have been in process throughout that period, right? So if there's going to be any change, I would expect that to maybe be in the next round of things, although they haven't really indicated anything. So I think the way they're going about their business in this bidding round is similar to what they've done in the past.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, we always, in any bid that we submit, we will bid it at the level that we can make the contract into a productive contract for Schlumberger and our shareholders. So there's a plan of how we can perform within the contract in terms of execution. And also, we have a very rich technology portfolio in terms of what we will introduce over the next coming years. And some of these Petrobras contracts could be off to, what, 6 to 8 years, right? So there's a significant new technology component of these contracts as well going forward.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, we don't really provide details of -- by segments. If you look at Artificial Lift, that is part of the Production Group. So really, the only detail I can refer you to is the Production Group results. And furthermore, we don't provide specific details around technologies as well, and rotary steerable being one of them. I would say, though, on rotary steerable in North America, our new PowerDrive Archer technology, which we have introduced recently, has been, I would say, tailor-made for the North America land market with the high build rate that it can provide. So I would say that the penetration of rotary steerable in the North America land market, at the back end of that technology, should go up from our side. But beyond that, I won't be able to provide you with any more details.
Paal Kibsgaard: On land, generally, there are other type of pumps employed in the North America land market, if you're referring to unconventional, not really ESPs.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think it might be a slight measurement difference. I think you'll see that the offshore rig rate will be, at least the way we see it, will be up more than what the land rig rate -- sorry, land rig count is, right? So you will have more growth in offshore versus land. And the impact of the offshore is, obviously, significantly higher to our -- both our revenue and our margins, right? So I think you need to break it down to offshore and land.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, as I was referring to earlier, there is a tie between higher rig rates and more focus on operational excellence in the way our customers select their providers. So I would say that higher rig rates tied to utilization will potentially create more potential for us to raise prices and to get some of the value back for the strong performance that we deliver.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, I would just say, with the exception of the overall macro caveat that I've referred to a couple of times, there is nothing exceptional in the results of ECA this quarter. So if the activity remains on track the way we have predicted it during the year, this should potentially continue in the second half of the year.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, the overall integration of what we received versus what we sold is more or less done, so that part of synergies and the transaction is done. The other part of this is that this has given us access to significantly more land rigs in Western Siberia, to the point that we are extremely busy on land in Western Siberia, and we are actually struggling at this stage to have enough capacity to serve all the rigs. So there is still, I would say, performance upside surrounding the transaction we did with Eurasia as we continue to ramp up to cover all of their rigs.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, if I attack the second part of the question first. I think in the high-volume markets, the key high-volume markets around the world, there is often a benefit of owning or having interests in local companies, mainly because they know the local conditions, and in some cases they have technologies that are more custom made for the local environment, right? And we have some of these companies in North America. We got them with the Smith transaction. We have, over time, acquired a number of these types of companies in Russia. And we have now taken a stake in this company in China.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, so today, we operate roughly around 80% in terms of term contracts. The remaining 20% will generally be fleets that are in between, I would say, in between work. So generally, at this stage, we'll be happy to go more or less to 100% term contracts the way it is set up. Is there a limit as to what pricing we would take on? I would say that we are not really in the business of taking on loss-making contracts. So that's where generally we would draw the line at this stage.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, if you look at what we've done in North America, we have completed the repositioning of our fleet and we have stopped further CapEx additions. And what we have done in addition to that, we have parked the excess pumps that we have at this stage. And the reason why we have excess pumps, we're not running fewer crews than what we did 3 or 6 months ago. But with the continued transition of activity from the dry gas basins to the liquids, the number of horsepower needed on a liquids job is significantly lower than what you need on a dry gas job. And that's why you -- while you run the same number of crews, you will have actually excess horsepower. And that's really what's driving the oversupply in the markets. So we have parked those pumps because we have no need for them.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, not really, nothing that stands out. I think we have -- we see good performance versus the overall plan that we put in for this year throughout, more or less. So no, there's nothing that really stands out.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think, historically, you're right. And largely in the Western Siberia land market, it is relatively low technology or local technology still today. But there is -- I would say there is a continued drive to upgrade some of these land rigs to higher capacity. And this provides a lot more opportunity to deploy more high-end technology, right, so -- which for instance, the transaction with Eurasia, where we have significantly opened up the rig footprint that we have available to us, as the technology needs grows on these rigs that they over time get upgraded, that is again a significant opportunity for us to drive [indiscernible] deployment on the, I would say, the basic footprint of Russian technology that we have acquired over the past decade.
