Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. So on the top line, I think our outlook is very positive. I think we expect to see a continued ramp in activity throughout the rest of this year and into next year. Just to give you some context, the way it's shaping up for this year. Iraq is likely to be the seventh biggest GeoMarket in the Middle East and Asia operating area, that's out of a total of 14. And in 2012, we expect this to be #3. Now in terms of margins, like I said, the exit margins at the end of this quarter were quickly approaching the average on the Middle East and Asia operating area. And there's a couple of things that I think that are key to this. Firstly, we have been very good in picking up the right type of contracts. In the contracts we have, we have been very careful what kind of liabilities we have been prepared to take on. That meant that we didn't win some of the contracts, but the ones that we have we are quite happy with. And I think we are doing quite a good job for our customers in those as well. We've also, I think, been quite good at tailoring the amount of resources we have in-country to what we need to operate effectively. And thirdly, really the main driver that we have recently now is that we are significantly beating the initial drilling targets in terms of time for the IPM projects that we have. We have more than half the average time it takes us to drill these wells. And obviously, when you are compensated on a turnkey basis, that obviously helps drive your margins.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, that's the total. But if you look at the impact of seismic this quarter, it was not really significant.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. Well, if you look at the current rate, it is relatively slow. But I think as Andrew was alluding to, I think if you linked the fact that there is indications from Washington that the lease sale is going to go ahead, I think we are relatively optimistic that the permitting will speed up to make sure that the ramp-up of rig activity that we have or that we are seeing, or at least we are seeing plans of, is going to be or able to be sustained.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, so at this stage we are busy integrating the additional drilling and well construction services that we got as part of this transaction, right? So there was a negative impact on revenue in the second quarter at the order of about $30 million or so, a little bit less than that. This is going to continue and gradually get lower over the second half, and we believe that we'll be on par basically in Q1 of next year. But these are not significant numbers in the overall ECA picture, right? But that's basically that we sold off the rigs and then we have to basically get the services integrated before they start having an impact. But we are very positive on the overall activity in Western Siberia, and also the fact that we now have access with the preferred supplier agreement on one of the biggest rig contractors in the market. It's going to give us a significant -- a bigger footprint for the products and services that we had at Schlumberger and they'll be added with Smith, and that we also now add with the Eurasia deal. So I think overall, the outlook on Russia, we are quite bullish on.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well the deal we have with Eurasia is the 5-year preferred supplier agreement. And for these type of wells, there's a general type of basic work that is the standard on everything. I think it's going to be a significant opportunity to introduce and deploy higher-end technology that we use other places in the world into this as well, with the type of rigs that Eurasia are drilling also has. So I think there is an opportunity to use a very much tailor-made footprint to the Russian market and on top of that, put our high-end technology that can significantly improve efficiency.
Paal Kibsgaard: If you look at the overall deal, it was primarily a revenue synergy deal, right? There were just some opportunity to reduce costs linked to corporate structure, supply chain and some of the supporting infrastructure. So we are on track with the costs during this year. There's more cost to come obviously in the second half of the year into next year. But I think the overshadowing part of the, I would say overperformance here is down to the revenue synergies. And that's partly down to the technical synergies of bringing together all parts of the BHA, but also that we are able to relatively quickly transport a lot of the Smith portfolio into the international markets and gain share there relatively quickly.
Paal Kibsgaard: Sorry, let me get it. The multiclient in the Gulf was better than what we'd normally expect in the second quarter of the year. It was not a huge contributor to the sequential growth in North America. But what was significant was multiclient was a significant contributor higher than normally in the second quarter in other parts of the world, Australia, North Sea, West Africa. So there was a much higher level of international multiclient than we normally would expect in the second quarter of the year. But it was not a defining fact in North America progression. It was just a nice to have.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay, on the first question which is you're asking how much is done through technology and how much is just straight capacity? I think on the technology side, we are obviously using a significant amount of our technology in the multiclient, and that's how we can, for sure, deploy it. So I would say that the main price driver at this stage in the market is going to be tight capacity. But also, we are seeing very good applications for our high-end technology both in the third-party market, but even more so on the multiclient. But generally, it's the capacity constraint that's going to initially drive pricing. On the capital plans, I think the main thing for us is that in the Marine seismic gain, utilization is everything. So we are currently running at very good utilization and that's the key driver for our profitability. So if we see opportunities to add or reconvert back streamer vessels that are currently used as source boats and maintain our utilization well into the 90s, we will do that. But we will be opportunistic on that and look at doing that at the right time. But we have clearly the capacity to do that whenever we choose to.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think we are looking at this on a monthly or quarterly basis, right? So I would say that the first thing now is that you need to get supply to meet demand, and we are getting close to doing that in terms of 3D vessels. When that is getting close, we have built in capacity to our fleet to at least handle a capacity addition for another year before we need to look at new builds and so forth.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, it will be the contract that we are bidding for. Now that could be for next season, meaning 6 or 9 months away. Or they could be 2 or 3 months away from the spot market as well. So I think we are seeing early signs -- we saw early signs now in Q2 or in some isolated market, and we believe that the bid pricing that we are submitting, that's what's going to be giving us this pricing traction in the second half of the year. And some of these bids are relatively short term, which means they could be implemented in the second half and some of them could be spilling into 2012 as well.
Paal Kibsgaard: We see strength in marine activity actually worldwide. We just have to continue into 2012. So that's the North Sea, the Bering Sea, Angola, Brazil, Asia, Australia. So it's obviously with the -- if the lease sale, when the lease sale is announced in the Gulf of Mexico, that's going to draw a significant amount of multiclient activity back into the Gulf, which there is going to give some pricing traction. But also that's going to have a spill-on effect back to the places that I just referred to.
Paal Kibsgaard: So in terms of the well cost, I'm not able to share that. I don't have the exact number of the rig count that we own now. The main thing that is clear is that for the Manifa project, the rig counts are going up. They started to go up this quarter, they will continue to go up in the second half of the year. A significant part of the increase is going to be on the land rigs or the rigs on the causeway, yes, it's the contract that we hold. And these are the high intensity or complex ERD wells. So in that sense, our activity outlook for Saudi Arabia is very positive on that basis.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, so on the land side, we shut down the Burgos project, as planned, in the second quarter. The IPM project, Mesozoic [indiscernible] continues with the recount that we have then are pretty stable. The production management contracts or the production incentive contracts are currently out, the 60s that are out for bid. We're going to participate and the submissions are due there in September, so that will be an interesting business model to try out in Mexico. We saw a significant ramp-up in offshore activity during the second quarter. And this is the shallow water offshore activity. And that ramp-up of rigs is actually set to continue into H2. So we're quite upbeat on the offshore part of Mexico, as well it's going to be very interesting to see how these production incentive contracts pan out.
Paal Kibsgaard: And maybe just adding to that, I agree with what Andrew is saying. I think that if you look at the sequential margins overseas, there's really 2 main components, one is that the volume is actually going up. And the way we are set up with our and our infrastructure, we are actually able to leverage the volume and the fixed costs we have to generate good fall-through even on a relatively flat pricing, right? That's #1. And #2, as Andrew alluded to, the part of the company that grew very well was the Reservoir Characterization where the average margins are obviously higher than for the other 2 product groups.
Paal Kibsgaard: So as we pointed out in Boston in February, this year is a better year than last year. And so far, the key introductions that we've made this year are going good. But as we also pointed out in Boston, 2012 should be a much stronger year for new introductions than 2011. And a lot of the introductions, not necessarily all in reservoir evaluation ought to do with drilling efficiencies, and a lot of them are the results of the Smith acquisition. And in a high activity market, drilling efficiency is worth an awful lot of money to our customers so I'm quite confident that, that will play a major part in the next cycle as well.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, I think we, well, we generally believe that there is opportunity to bring service intensity down from this brute force approach we have to share development. We are still pursuing both sides of the equation there. And so while we continue to promote the workflow that I alluded to in my comment, we are also adding significant horsepower this year into our Pressure Pumping business. So as I mentioned in my commentary, we added in the first half of this year, more horsepower than we've done in any full year previously. And I think that just basically signals that we are part of this thing as well.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, we are looking at this technology as well. But I think that there's a few things that this sliding sleeve technology that I think needs to still be clarified, right? I mean, the main thing the sliding sleeve technology does is that it groups several frac stages into one larger stage. It means that all the substages of this larger stage is one hydraulic system. So what it means is that you will need more horsepower, more peak horsepower to frac this mega-stage in one go. So that's only significant for the pressure pumping company and you can also do more jobs within one unit over time. But I think that the jury is out on how the economics are going to look for our customers on this, and also what the impact on production is going to be like. So we are looking at it, but I think it is yet another thing that might add intensity to the whole equation. But I think one of the things we need to look at as an industry is to see how we can get the intensity down and be more succinct in how we pursue these things.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think just the obvious ones, like Iraq and Saudi. And then there's the less obvious ones is North Sea, which has done better, I think, than we originally thought. And then I would say that the, perhaps one of the biggest surprises is East Asia where an awful lot of activity has been directed towards improving production at higher oil prices. And frankly, it may not be the opinion of Paal, but I'm surprised -- I knew Latin America would be strong, but I'm quite surprised how strong it is, because it's not just Brazil.
Paal Kibsgaard: I don't have a number for you on that, but I mean we are continuing to convert the 12-hour cruise into 24 hours. But I don't have the number for you. And maybe Malcolm can come back to you.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well I would just say, I mean, it still doesn't mean that we don't have pricing momentum on pressure pumping. It's just that the other services, which is actually quite a significant part of our portfolio in North America, is starting to show some very nice contribution to the overall picture as well, in terms of moving margin and also contributing to growth. So we have a very strong position on both the drilling side, and to a certain extent on Wireline on land, but obviously, very much offshore. And these things are now starting to make significant contribution as well, in terms of the quarter-to-quarter momentum.
Andrew Gould: We've seen plans announced. But I would argue that no, none of the other countries are executing with the speed of Saudi. So yes, it's going to come, but it's not there yet, James.
Andrew Gould: Well, I mean, I think that to the extent that the liquid-rich plays is extended in the U.S., I'm not going to comment on gas because I really don't quite understand how the gas rig count's going to work out. I think that what a pricing inflection point could be created just by the fact you have 2 concurrent cycles, one overseas and one in North America. Now the second thing, this distinguishing factor of Schlumberger is Reservoir Characterization. It was very clear in this quarter that an acceleration in the exploration cycle is such that, that is going to be a distinguishing part of the company. And if we look at the level of demand for seismic over the last few months and the global demand for seismic, coupled with some form of return in the Gulf of Mexico and there have been encouraging noises out of Washington about holding a lease sale, that makes the seismic business look a lot better than it did even 3 months ago. And the second thing is that, there have never been so many deepwater rigs on order. So to the extent that we have exploration success in deepwater, and there's no reason to believe we won't have reasonable success, I think that the exploration cycle can be a lot more sustained than it was last time when it was abruptly terminated by the financial crisis and by the Macondo incident. So I think that's the first thing. And the second thing, as I've said forever, a long, long time, ever since I took over, to renew the production base when we're close to 90 million barrels a day is just going to take a lot more CapEx than it did -- and OpEx, by the way, than it did when the world was at even 80 million. So to the extent that, as you say, if you exclude the macroeconomic risks which are not inconsiderable at this point in time, I'm back to my sort of theme of stronger for longer.
Andrew Gould: Well, we're not -- I don't think we're really that different from what other people have been saying on the permitting cycle. But the difference for us is going to be seismic, Ole, because I'm sure you saw [Michael] Bromwich's statement last week about oil -- firstly, the western Gulf which is not great lease sale being held, either at the very end of this year or the very beginning of next, and central and eastern Gulf lease sale being held in the first half of next year. And given the investment we've made in really leading-edge subsalt for multiclient surveys using a lot of our full [ph] technology, that will be very positive for us. So I think the difference is seismic.
Andrew Gould: I think it's slowing down. I also think that it's not -- the consequence is not as surprising as poor service quality. And last quarter, we gave a number of people that we replaced. And this quarter in our Drilling segment, we replaced our competition 47x. We were replaced 10x, and 8x out of 10x, we were replaced because of lack of equipment not service quality. So I think that the rhythm of nonsense pricing is slowing, but it's not entirely over.
Andrew Gould: No. It's mainly the large players. Mainly the large global players. Mainly the large global players, Ole.
Andrew Gould: Well, we're fractionally more optimistic on Nigeria following the election. Gulf of Guinea is still very strong. We see Angola, both exploration and development, starting to increase in the second half year, and East Africa will be quite slow in the third quarter where we can see it picking up quite a lot in the fourth quarter. So it's coming. I know we've said this before, I think, but deepwater West Africa and East Africa, to a certain extent, is coming.
Andrew Gould: That's irrelevant at the moment. There are 3 wells in the Kwanza this year. If any of them hits a consequential quantity of oil, then we will be revising the forecast upwards. But we -- don't forget that mostly the activity in the next 18 months will be the seismic commitment on the blocks that are awarded.
Andrew Gould: And if I might just add. On the question of rigs, rig contracts. The model in Russia is of a general contractor. And to the extent that Eurasia can do it, I think that the contracts will be more and more denominated in numbers of wells. So the average duration is likely to extend, compared to what it's been in recent years.
Andrew Gould: I very much doubt it. I mean, when you say more public, you're referring to -- make sure that the rig count in Western Siberia is, to say the least, a difficult thing to account for.
Andrew Gould: I would go with your last analysis. I think it was a meaningless exercise. I heard some really strange explanations as to why it was actually done. But the underlying signal that went to everybody was that the developed nations are worried about the availability of supply, long term. And to think that, that quantity of product could really make a difference to the oil price I think was very -- a little bit of a panicky move.
Andrew Gould: I think the larger players -- actually, by the way, I think that the argument that multiclient is purely an independent business is being somewhat weakened through the fact that a lot of the multiclient we do, we employ totally unique technologies. And therefore, we have IOC buyers just as much as we have independent buyers. Now generally overseas, I would say that pretty much everyone buys multiclient. It's not just the independent. The question in the overseas is normally the block sizes are so big, the number of players is much smaller and therefore, it's much harder to choose a multiclient target survey that's going to have general appeal.
Andrew Gould: Then I think the countries where it's going to happen are limited. So China, Poland, Argentina, Australia, maybe a little bit of India, I don't know. It's not on the scale of the complete international CapEx budget enough to move the needle. Now what it is, Michael, is what I tried to point out in the commentary, is where it does happen, it absorbs a huge amount of equipment. So, I mean, I don't think in the next 2 or 3 years it's enough to shift the needle. Particularly as overseas as Paal explained in his comments, they cannot take a statistical approach to it. They have to do some qualification of the reservoir, because they don't have the same knowledge of the shale, however poor that may be, as you do in the U.S.
Andrew Gould: Well I think they have to, yes. They have to do it. They can't do it any other way. I mean, that's very obviously the case in Poland, for example.
Andrew Gould: It's not [indiscernible]. Don't forget, the principal driver of deep water activity is still Brazil. But if you get a combination of Brazil, West Africa and a reasonable level of permits in the Gulf of Mexico and some of the projects in Australia getting sanctioned, it's going to get very tight. Yes.
Andrew Gould: Well on Russia, I think the answer is yes, it does. And in the North Sea, this year we certainly haven't noticed any effect on activity of the tax change in the U.K. And yes, I think it could have an effect next year, but I also think that there will be considerably more longer discussions between the transfer and this sector in the oil industry before next year comes around.
Andrew Gould: I think if you look out to Framo, we have been involved with them for over 10 years. We previously held 52% of the shares of the company and we got the opportunity to buy the remaining part, and we took the opportunity. It's obviously a very well positioned company, in terms of their leadership in subsea and boosting, which we find interesting. But beyond that, we took the opportunity to buy out the other owners.
Andrew Gould: I think I was quite clear in the commentary that we -- it's not general yet, but individually, on small contracts, pricing improvements have begun. And I think that I don't see any reason why that would go away now, Bill. Now there is a snapback effect partly in EMEA, of Australia and Egypt, but it's not significant in the overall picture. And yes, you have definite activity pickup. And what I would point out to you, we pointed out at the beginning, is that a lot of the pickup was in characterization, and therefore that tells you that a lot of the pickup is beginning at some of these exploration campaigns that we've been waiting for.
Andrew Gould: Yes, it's more of the latter. Generally, these contracts have one fixed term and then options for our customers to take several, right? So I think the way they bid it is basically up to them and that [indiscernible]. So I think there's going to be a major change to how the contracting is done.
Andrew Gould: I don't think I can single out any particular achievement I'm more proud of that others. I think if I am going to single out anything, it's the quality of the management team and the depth of the management team, not just the first and second level, but even the third and fourth level that I'm leaving behind. It's a people business. And I think that Paal has -- Paal and I have been discussing this for a long time and it was quite conscious that we did the Smith acquisition 18 months before I retired, so he didn't have to worry too much about a strategic M&A for the first few years. He can just execute. And I think that given the state we're in, in the cycle, provided the economies hold together, he can -- the capacity to execute will be fundamental to the company's growth and results for the next 2 or 3 years.
Andrew Gould: Well, obviously, Saudi is. And of course the other thing that's really nice in Saudi is when they go into production enhancement or work over to increase production, it generates very high volumes very quickly.
Andrew Gould: Yes, the question is going to be whether or not to really allow you guys to see it. In other words, as I said earlier on, it's on the small contracts, at the moment, that we get leverage, not on the big ones.
