Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I agree with you, the impact we saw in profitability in Q4 is down to mix some of these transitory delays and the seasonal slowdown, as you're referring to. So most of these issues are more or less behind us in terms of what was unusual for Q4. We will continue to see the normal seasonal slowdown in the North Sea, Russia and China land in Q1. And the only other lingering issue we have is the contractual situation in North Africa. But overall, the issues that were exceptional in Q4 are more or less behind us.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, if I look at international, next year, we will see the most significant growth in ECA and MEA. We will also see growth in Latin America. But the overall activity levels in Brazil is more or less flat year-over-year, so that will have an impact on Latin America growth. But if I look at ECA, we see significant growth, overall, in Sub-Saharan Africa, where we have a very strong position. And we also see quite significant growth in Russia. So I would say, ECA, the main growth locomotives next year will be Sub-Saharan Africa, and overall, Russia, both land and offshore. And then in MEA, I would say overall, the Middle East, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, but also Kuwait, U.A.E., Oman, will all be very strong for us. And in Asia, it's predominantly China and Australia which is going to be driving growth.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I'm not ready to predict exactly why North America land margins are going soft. There is one new element of uncertainty this quarter, which is further pricing pressure outside of hydraulic fracturing, right? But if you look at our view on 2013 for North America, we do expect the U.S. land rig count to be up between about 100 and 150 rigs in Q1, and this is based on the feedback from our customers. So that's in line with what you're indicating. Now in terms of activity for the full year, we still see U.S. land rig count slightly down versus 2012, while the well count will be slightly up. Now if you look at Canada, the rig count is already over 500 so far in January. But we still see the full year also being down in 2012 versus -- sorry, down versus 2012. Now then the other major uncertainty in North America land is pricing. So it seems clear that we will continue to face oversupply of horsepower given the rig count outlook. So we don't really see any significant recovery in hydraulic fracturing pricing in the coming year. And then you have the ongoing uncertainty where we saw about a 5% pricing drop on average in the other product lines on land in Q4. And this is going to have an impact going forward. But I would say, at this stage, the further evolution is not clear. And I think it's going to be a function of how quickly the rig count climbs back up going forward, right? So I would say that in North America land, there will continue to be margin challenges in, at least, in the coming 2 quarters as far as I see it.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, we expect both drilling-related activities as well as Seismic to be strong in the Gulf of Mexico for this year. If you look at the rig activity, we don't see any major rig additions in H1 after we had the surge of, I think, 7 additional rigs in Q4. But I mean, overall, rig activity year-over-year will be up more than 20% with that Q4 addition. In terms of Seismic, we are continuing to run 1 seismic fleet in the Central Gulf. You'll see what happens in terms of late sales leading up to the new sales now in March. But I'm also continuing to be positive on Seismic in the Gulf of Mexico.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think, first of all, the creation of OneSubsea will allow us to make a much more significant entry into the overall subsea business. We have some very good, I would say, niche technologies. And Framo have seen tremendous growth in recent years. But it was evident that we needed to combine that with a much broader offering. And I think Cameron is going to be an excellent partner for us in -- with that in mind. So I think it's a bit early to say exactly what the impact in the rest of the business is going to be. If you look at the rest of our business, a lot of that will be focused around the life of field part of subsea, around well intervention, which is not something that we immediately are going to focus on in OneSubsea. But the fact that we are much, I would say, deeper in sanctioning the business through this JV will allow us to move a lot closer to the customer side that focuses on these type of developments. So overall, I see it as a strong positive for us.
Paal Kibsgaard: It's a good question. It's actually both. So through the OneSubsea JV, we'll obviously be much more involved with the customer discussions around how to develop these fields. And that has to do with our reservoir characterization capabilities, and it also has to do with our, I would say, wellbore capabilities around ESPs and intelligent completions. So I think both the reservoir understanding as well as the wellbore capability that we have will be integral to how these developments will be done in the future. And then, you add a much more intelligent wellbore to a more sophisticated production plan, say, on the seafloor, including both boosting and compression, and potentially, separation, that is how the overall development, in my mind, are going to be done in the future. So we will have that early involvement, where, through the JV, we will potentially secure people with reservoir background and well background into the project teams. And then beyond that, you have intervention, and I would say, later feel the activities that we will continue to be involved with as the life of the field progresses.
Paal Kibsgaard: Why, it's still early days, right? We have done 3 commercial surveys in this season. I think the -- it will take a little bit of time to process the data, but the early indication from what we have seen from the data together with our customers is very positive, right? And the ability to, I would say, image the reservoir much more accurately will benefit, in particular, the prospects that are more difficult to image.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think there's a general high interest of unconventionals in oil around the world. You find it in many countries. But where we stand today is it's still in early stages in most places. Whether it's all about data gathering, I would say, exploration in terms of can these resources be developed in an economic and viable way, if I look at the 2 countries, which are probably furthest down the road of -- on doing something that is more material, it is China and Argentina. And China is predominantly focused on shale gas at this stage, but I think there is more of a balance in Argentina between liquids and gas. So those are the 2 countries, which I think will see the most activity increase in the near term.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think it's still too early to say how predominant that's going to be. I think the interest is there for the shale. There's a lot more data gathering and testing that needs to be done to see what's the balance between gas and liquids.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I don't want to make any specific comments about Cameron market shares or trees. I think we had a very good dialogue and discussion with Cameron in terms of their view of the market versus our view of the market. We have very coinciding views that it is very important to try to view something differently and focus a lot more on production optimization and recovery optimization. The tree will be a key part of that, but there's also a lot of other aspects around the subsea production plant, as well as I also referred to earlier, in terms of the wellbore technology and reservoir understanding. So when it comes to the situation around Cameron, trees, market share, I think you need to talk to Cameron about that.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think that's fair to say. I'm not going to go into the details of exactly what our numbers we are targeting. But I think it's fair to say that both revenue and operating income, we are aiming to grow that faster than that spend or rig count increase, right? And just for reference, if you look at our 2012 numbers, we grew revenue 16% internationally and operating income by 31% at the back end of a 8% growth in rig count. So I'm not saying we're going to repeat those numbers, but I think there is potential and we have capabilities of doing what I'm just saying.
Paal Kibsgaard: I don't think there's any -- anything that is dramatically different in the international markets, 2013 versus 2012. While we can do the exact same incremental margins, we will obviously, continue to focus on doing that, but I'm not commenting anything at this time.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think based on our discussions with Saudi Aramco over the past quarter, we have changed it slightly based on feedback. As you said, we ended the year on about 134 rigs, which was pretty much in line with the plan that Saudi Aramco laid out early in 2012. We saw very strong [indiscernible] activity, rig lift activity in Q4, and also, they're starting up a deepwater rig in the Red Sea in addition to the shallow water exploration that they have there. Now in terms of the outlook, we are expecting around 160 rigs, up from the 134. So 160 rigs by year-end 2013, and that's the latest rig count we have from Saudi Aramco.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I can. So if you look at the market trends in China, for a long time, we had a very strong position offshore in Bohai Bay. But on land, our market access has been more limited mainly due to the Chinese operators predominantly using their own Chinese service companies to do their work. Now with the unconventional activity and the many new players entering there, this really opens up the land market, and at the same time, we're also seeing higher demand for new technology and also, the IPM business model from our traditional Chinese customers as they embark on more complex land projects, right? So at the back end of these trends, we've done a number of strategic moves in 2012 as you know. The 20% stake in Anton Oil is one. The other thing we did with Anton Oil was that we formed a JV with them, focused on IPM projects and oil cost on China land. So it is still early days for that JV, but we are actively pursuing work, and it gives us another, I would say, entrance into the China land market.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I don't really have a lot of information yet on Q4 -- sorry, on Q1, so that's why I'm saying it's still uncertain. We saw that drop in pricing in Q4, which was partly lead to the softness in rig activity. So it's unclear yet whether that is going to continue down in Q1 or whether the rig uptick, which we are hoping to see, will stabilize it.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, we operate on the product of pricing and utilization, so if we can -- if that product is over our target or hurdle, we will reactivate fleets. We're not planning to do any of that at this stage, but we're obviously continuing to follow the situation closely. In Q4, we kept the crude count flat versus Q3, so we didn't lay down any more crudes in Q4.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I think that's fair. On the -- as we talked about throughout the conference calls in the past year, we have been pushing or testing pricing on these smaller to medium-term contracts, basically, throughout 2012. And I would say our success rate has been reasonably good. You win some and you lose some whenever you try to push pricing up. But I would say that overall, we are please with the contract win we have for those type of contracts and that type of pricing strategy. So you're right to say that on the large contracts, which is multi-service line and also multiyear, multi-rig, it is still quite competitive. But most of those contracts, we still represent a relatively small part of our overall contract volume. Most of those contracts are already bid. Not all of them are awarded, but most of them are bid based on where we stand in the cycle.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I would say, we're overall still aiming for double-digit growth in earnings per share in 2013, so this is assuming no major setback in the global economy and also, no further significant setbacks in North America, right? So I already highlighted the key growth drivers in international being ECA and MEA, while the offsetting factor is going to be what's happening in North America land. But yes, overall, we're still aiming for double-digit growth in earnings per share in 2013.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I don't have the details of it. There is some -- obviously, there's some natural gas in it, but it's obviously still oil as well. So I don't have the breakdown for you. I have the breakdown in terms of drilling and workover. The 160 is about 117, 118 on drilling and the balance of 42 being workover.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I'll leave most of the commentary to how Saudi Aramco wants to communicate around their unconventionals to them. But we are involved with the project, which is still largely in the exploration type of phase, right? So still, it's limited in terms of oil activity, what we are involved with.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. So if you look at the number of 1,100 stages, it's obviously a very big number at this stage, and that number is also split between China and the U.S. So it is not a significant part of our overall capacity or revenue that is coming through this model, but we see that's an interesting model, as we continue to develop these engineered fluid system or frac fluid systems. So overall, today, it is not significant, but it's a new business model that we believe could grow to be more significant over time. And the type of customers that review it, this is typically the either smaller independent players who wants access to higher-technology frac fluid systems or vertically integrated customers that we do this for.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I would say all the customers in North America that I'm talking to are still looking for us to help them drive more cost out of the system, whether that is efficiency or technology. Exactly what transpired in H2 or in particular, Q4 in terms of the lower activity, it could be a combination of lower commodity prices in terms of the subset reference prices below the WTI. I also think that a number of these customers have been operating north of 100% cash flow, and they felt it was prudent to scale back, and then also, you had quite a significant impact of the holiday season in Q4. So I think all of these elements were contributing towards the drop in activity. So I don't think there's been a really material change to the economics, but I think that the proof of that is going to be what happens now in Q1, whether they're going to be ramping back up again.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, if you look at -- our overall market outlook for seismic remains positive. The capacity in the market still remains tight. If you look at our bookings for Q1, we are more or less fully booked, and Q2 is filling up relatively fast. So most of the pricing -- sorry, most of the bids that we have won for Q1 and Q2 are more or less at the same pricing that we did at -- in Q3 and Q4, which is it's about 10% up from that reference price of 2011. So there hasn't been a further increase in pricing as of yet, but we still see the opportunity now to cut pricing further for what remains to be a book for Q2 and also for H2. So we remain positive in terms of our outlook for the market. I'm not really concerned about all the capacity in the market at this stage.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I'm very comfortable with both our technology portfolio, how they continue to execute in these type of projects and overall, the rate that we are winning work at, right? So I don't think there's been any negatives around this. And in fact, I think we continue to perform very strongly, both in terms of market share, revenue growth and profitability. So I'm pleased with the progress that we're showing on the formation and valuation side on deepwater.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, pricing is already quite strong in these types of environment, linked to the higher rig rate and also linked to the high -- with the high importance our customers are putting on operational integrity and reliability. So it could be that we could see more pricing power there, but I would say pricing there is already quite strong.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, they are included in -- when we talk about offshore in North America, but both Alaska and Eastern Canada are relatively small compared to the size of our Gulf of Mexico business. I would say the predominant driver of the sequential increase in revenue is the Gulf of Mexico.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I mean, overall, we're seeing pretty solid growth in activity in 2013 for Mexico, both land and offshore. There is deepwater activity going on. There is conventional shallow water activity, and then you have a range of types of activity on land, all the way from the unconventionals in the North. You have normal third-party work, and we have the IPM and SPM type of contracts. For 2013, in addition to the growth in activity, what we're also seeing is we are facing significant tendering activity in the next couple of quarters. What we're also seeing now is that several smaller players from U.S. land is starting to show up in Mexico, which could make the whole tendering environment even more competitive. So we'll see how that plays out. But that's one aspect that we are looking at. The other key for Mexico is also that PEMEX continues its overall transition towards the production incentive type of contract. And we really like this model, and we compete quite well in those type of bids. And the latest we've heard from PEMEX is that the Chicontepec SPM bid round is expected to be around midyear of 2013, so we'll obviously be preparing for that.
Paal Kibsgaard: Based on the customer feedback that we've had, we are saying up between 100, 150 rigs in Q1. That's what we heard from our customers.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, I didn't mention anything about stage counts for Q4. I would just say that we haven't thought anything around that. I would say that, overall, in hydraulic fracturing, we have had a good, I would say, couple of quarters in terms of securing work, so I wouldn't be surprised that our market share could be up somewhat. But in terms of stage count sequentially, I haven't mentioned anything about that.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think IPM is one of our faster growing product lines. We see a range of type of projects that IPM is getting involved with, all the way from just straight integrated service or project management for, say, deepwater drilling offshore, where we simply coordinate the interface without taking any project management risk to the project, but when we have a wide range of services on these remote rigs, for instance, that coordination will -- is one thing that IPM takes on. The other part is the traditional turnkey well construction, which continues to also grow in time for us, right? So we are very active with IPM, and it's doing very well for us.
Paal Kibsgaard: Obviously, with events of the last peak here [ph], we are -- we're relooking at the whole situation there. It is -- if you talk about Algeria and Libya, they're already operating there with quite stringent security measures in banks. With what has happened in the last week, we are relooking at that. We are very prudent in how we go about doing business in any part of the world to make sure that we can offer up the required security for the people that we put into workforce there. So it's too early to say exactly what the impact of this is going to be, but I would just say that in these regions with high risk, we already have very stringent security measures in place.
Paal Kibsgaard: It is an item to be aware of. We are -- we have a long-standing relationship with Petrovesa. There is -- there are some challenges that they are facing in the country at this stage. We are committed to Venezuela for the long term. They have a massive resource base, and we want to be there for the long term. So we are currently just working very closely with them to kind of resolve the situation.
