Paal Kibsgaard: Well, that's quite a broad question, Jim, but I would say that we are clear that we have reached the bottom of activity in North America land, and that activity will increase not in a V shape dramatic fashion but I think there will be a steady increase in rig counts and associated frac activity, both from the rigs as from wells coming out of the DUC inventory. Now again, I think the activity will be more slow and steady. And obviously, with higher utilization, there is some contribution to margins. But margins are deeply negative and I would say at this stage, more activity at the current margin level is just going to be dilutive to earnings. So I think most companies now will be looking for price increases and, in fact, significant price increases actually to bring profitability back to breakeven and into positive territory before that activity is particularly attractive in terms of driving earnings back to previous year's levels. So how do we get the pricing? I think, obviously, technology, efficiency, managing supply chain is going to be important, but I think overall, the entire value chain in North America is highly stressed. As I indicated, in the previous cycle, it's cumulatively negative both on profits and free cash flow so I don't think there is an open-ended dramatic improvement at hand without doing anything. I think technology has to play a very important role in this. We've said in many foras that if you look at the cost per well, I think we are in late innings, but in terms of production per well, we are in very early innings. And if you want to drive down cost per barrel, we have to look at ways of getting more production out of each well. But – although utilization will help but given the pain that the entire industry value chain is in, there's going to be a mounting wave of cost inflation from every supplier in that chain, which I think is going to put significant pressure on how quickly activity can recover.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I would love to say yes to that but I think it's unfortunately premature. I would complement WesternGeco on actually doing a very good job in gaining market share and getting projects which are financially viable, driven again by technology and how well they execute. They've also been good at positioning ourselves in terms of multiclient activity where we continue to get good pre-funding. But I would say there is no immediate, I would say, dramatic comeback in exploration or in seismic in particular, but within the context of a very depressed market, WesternGeco is actually performing quite well
Paal Kibsgaard: If you compare it to the previous downturn in 2009, at that stage, the industry came off a massive price increase period of four years, five years. And at that stage, pricing came down and it basically has not come back since then. So we are in a very different situation industrywide at this stage where the service industry hasn't had a price increase in the period in between now and 2009, so there isn't that much to give. Profitability for the more profitable companies have come through internal transformations and through significant investments in technology, like in our case. So we have not gained any pricing so we have very little pricing to give up. Now in a dramatic downturn as we have been experiencing over the past seven quarters, there is a need to align with the customer base, which obviously has immediate oil price exposure, and we have done that, and the vast majority of the pricing concessions we have made to existing and valid contracts are temporary in nature, they're either time bound or they are linked to some kind of oil price trigger. And that's why we have aligned with our customers on the down of the cycle and we now expect that, that would be returned to us as oil prices start to increase. So it is quite a different situation today than the previous downturn that we were facing in 2009 and 2010.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think there is a constant discussion within all of these large producers in the core part of OPEC or in the GCC around how they maintain or even increase production, right. So it varies by country and we leave it up to the country to, I would say, formalize and state those plans. But I would say Saudi has an active program to maintain their maximum sustainable production level which is widely known, while there are also very active programs in both the UAE and Kuwait to increase production. This includes both drilling of wells, seismic activity, as well as fracking and even surface facilities. So we are very actively involved in all aspects of this, our technology is very central to all of these projects and we are extremely well placed to continue to take our share of the growth in activity in this part of the world.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, as you know, Ole, we have a broad range of integration capabilities, which ranges all the way from project coordination to integrated drilling, integrated production and all the way up to SPM. And I think those four models are applicable in pretty much every country and basin around the world, depending on the state of the customer, the interest of the customer and what kind of resources they're developing, right. But we see a general, I would say, adaptation of all aspects of integration taking place all around the world. The least impact of integration so far, if I just look at the high level, has been in North America where it's still rather fragmented in between the rig and the various parts of the drilling process as well as in the production and completion part of the work. So we are continuing to drive forward our offering around creating a total drilling system and a total completion system, including fracking, for the land markets. And I'm quite optimistic that these should have significant uptake even in places like U.S. land or some of the other unconventional basins around the world, but the general adaptation of more integration we are seeing, and we continue to invest into that both from a hardware and software process control standpoint.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, in terms of margins, I think – we are looking to get margins in the base business as well right, because that's where we have made the largest pricing concessions and that's where we also want to get back some of the temporary concessions we've made. But I think all the integration-related business offerings we have is executed well and well aligned with the customer, brings value in terms of higher profitability to us but also lower cost per barrel for our customers, right. So in terms of timing of it, Ole, it's difficult to say that you're going to see some kind of major impact in one particular quarter. I think the level of integration-related activity has held up well, I would say, during this downturn. It is down in percentage terms, which you would expect, but it has held up well as well as our new technology sales has held up well also during the cycle. So I think we're very well positioned. And as activity starts to increase and resources, both on the customer side as well as on the service industry side, becomes shorter, then I think the multi-skilling and presenting one package with simpler interfaces is going to be quite appealing to the customer base.
Paal Kibsgaard: So I think that's a reasonable assumption, Angie. We believe that the activity increase that we are going to see in the coming quarters is going to be very closely associated with production. And that's either linked to that drilling or the completion part of production. So our Drilling Group and our Production Group, I think, are the ones that will see the quickest impact of higher E&P investments. Now with that said, at some stage, the industry will need to start exploring again, and the level of exploration-related activity is at an unprecedented low. So obviously a huge growth runway for our Characterization Group going forward when that starts to kick in, but I think you're right in assuming that that will be after the initial uptick in well-related development type of activity. And I think Scott has described very well the impact on Cameron, the long-cycle businesses, I think, will follow after the short cycle ones. So I think that's a good set of assumptions.
Paal Kibsgaard: I'm not ready to sort of break it down for you in any more geographical granularity other than it is a high level goal, it's an ambitious goal, but there is a logic behind it. I think first of all, our decrementals for 2015 and so far in 2016 is in the range of 30% to 32%. And if you can double the incremental from that decremental rate, that means that you should be able to restore 2014 earnings, which is the place we want to be as quickly as possible to continue to deliver on the plan we laid out in the 2014 investor conference, we can actually recover 2014 earnings by only a 50% recovery in the revenue drops that we've seen since 2014. Now there is a lot of work behind the number in terms of how achievable it is. But as an example, in 2014 in the international market, on a pretty low revenue growth rate of 3%, 4%, we actually delivered 69% incrementals without any price in the international markets. So we have a precedence for doing it, it's obviously going to be challenging to do that also in North America, in particular North America land, but with the impact, we will have to have from price on this, we are for sure going to try to deliver incrementals north of 65%, yes.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah. I think I would look at it in the following way. I would say that activity growth associated with some pricing recovery should – we are aiming to deliver north of 65% on that. So I think as we now navigate the bottom and we aren't expecting a uniform V shaped recovery here. Like I said, it's going to be in slow and steady recovery. Some of countries that we operate in will stay flat longer. Some of them might go down a little bit further. But overall, we believe we are at bottom and when we see consistent growth in any geography, this is the incremental that we are looking for. And as the entire company gets back into a more solid growth mode, that's when we should approach the companywide 65%. But we are targeting 65% incrementals on the growth that we are seeing going forward.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. So in terms of the charge that we've taken, this is basically catching up and finalizing the resizing of the company, which has now been dropping in activity levels over the past seven quarters. So this charge is linked to a number of things that we have been executing in the second quarter. And should bring the company into the shape where we are well positioned to navigate the bottom of the market and also well positioned to start growing again going forward. So we put a lot of details and scrutiny into any kind of impairment charge that we take and we have done so as well in the charge for Q2, which is sizable, but we believe this is prudent, this is right and it's justified to do what we've done and that's why we did it. Now in terms of the outlook, like I said, we are at the bottom but we are not expecting an immediate and sharp recovery. If you look at North America versus international and some of the moving parts going into Q3, North America still has significant overcapacity at this stage in terms of services. And the low barrier to entry is also going to continue to be a major headwind, right. So we expect modest increase in land activity but this is going to be partially offset by lower offshore work. We are significantly down in Alaska, in Eastern Canada, as well as in the Gulf of Mexico. We expect some improvement in pricing but it's going to be way short of the level required to breakeven into Q3. So we don't expect any major positive earnings improvement from North America in Q3 but it shouldn't get much worse either, right. So fairly, fairly stable earnings for North America in the third quarter. And fairly similar international markets, there's less overcapacity there due to the higher barrier entry and it's also quite a narrowing competitive landscape. So in principle, it should be easier to recover some of the temporary pricing concessions that we have made which, in most cases, in international market is also time bound or linked to the oil price. But given the limited increase in activity we see for Q3, again, we don't expect any significant positive sequential earnings contribution from international. So overall, we expect flattish EPS in Q3.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, if you talk about efficiencies, are you talking about their current cost per barrel? Because that is to a large extent driven by very low service pricing, right. So I think there's no company in North America that is able to continue for a long period of time to operate at these pricing levels. But if you talk about the technical performance of how efficient we drill and how efficient we frac...
Paal Kibsgaard: ...I agree with you. There's a handful of companies that can do that and I think that number is shrinking. And unless there is some pricing recovery and some ways to create more financially viable contracts for even these limited number of companies, that number is going to shrink further, yes.
Paal Kibsgaard: So we've started this dialogue and this engagement, first of all, internally with our senior management team during the second quarter. This is not a – it's not a surprising playbook. At some stage when you do approach bottom, this is the shift that you need to make.
Paal Kibsgaard: But we have, I would say, done this in a concerted fashion during the second quarter. We have had very good discussions with the senior management team and laid our plans for how are we going to now shift the focus and how we navigate the next phase. And as I said earlier on, the understanding of the viability and state of the industry value chain in each of the 80 countries we operate in is extremely important to make sure that you are optimally positioned to capture the market in the countries which we believe are going to see a sustainable increase in activity, where we can also generate sustainable earnings going forward, right. So we spend a lot of time internally with the team to lay out these plans and put this methodology in place, so we are in good shape there. We're already in execution mode of it. And in terms of the engagement with the customers, it's started. It's still at a fairly, I would say, low frequency but that is now what we will do much more widespread as we enter the third quarter here. But obviously, a lot of these discussions are going to be challenging. There's not a lot of surplus in any situation but we believe that the temporary concessions we have made, at least part of that will need to be returned to us. But in return for that, we are very open to engage in different types of collaborations where we through a better management of the interface and better commercial alignment and together drive unnecessary costs out of the system, so that we can make a more or the industry value chain viable in many countries around the world. So that's certainly the objective.
Paal Kibsgaard: Absolutely. Both of those are aspects that we believe will generate total value that then can be shared between the supplier and the E&P companies, and also back to what we talked about earlier in the call, all around the integration offering that we have and that we continue to invest into.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think the narrowing competitive environment has some impact on this. And also I think if you look at margin performance over the past 18 months in the international market in between several of the large players, some of these players are already in the red, in which case their room to take on contracts which they might feel is challenging is very, very limited. So the position we have in terms of strength, both in footprint, scale, local knowledge as well as the overall contract portfolio we have, allows us to be quite competitive in these tenders. And I think very importantly as well is to look at the difference between the contract portfolio and maybe the immediate revenue translation of these contracts. In the international market, it's very important to have the contracts, and we have a range of contracts today that we have won with very little activity in them, but they have potential for significant increases in activity in terms of rig additions and so forth going forward. So what is very important over the past year, which we have had a lot of focus on, has been the tender win rate and then having the contracts and then being able to translate that into revenue in the coming one to two years.
Paal Kibsgaard: So for that particular application, it is being rolled out on the legacy fleet. These are measurements that we are currently recording and we have been for quite a while. And this is one example of what we can do by being able to first organize our data in a way where it's accessible and then building the right analytic applications on top of it and then providing that to our fleet operations. So over the past 18 months or so, we have undertaken a massive reorganization of the entire database we have and the data we record on a daily basis from our operations into a cutting-edge data lake, which is then accessible for these type of applications. And we've also established a new applications group which then has the ability to build these analytics and tap into the data lake and provide this type of information for our operations. So the example you refer to in pressure pumping is one, we have a multitude of similar type of applications being built and which are going to be deployed in the near future with a similar type of impact on the operation, and this is all part of the transformation program that we've been talking about for several years.
Paal Kibsgaard: So, Michael, just one clarification. So you asked me about the savings. So the savings we quoted was for all the test fleets we had in South Texas. It was not just one fleet.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, so just to clarify, so I'm saying that obviously our international business and the state of that and the state of the international industry value chain is in much better shape than what the North American value chain is, in which case the basis for sustainable earnings growth at this stage is much higher and better internationally. Now in North America, I think you've got to separate the industry view from just how Schlumberger navigates in the system, and I think the industry, I think there are some questions and challenges to be asked, right. How is the industry in the next upcoming cycle going to be able to operate where the entire value chain ends up being cash flow and profit-positive as we enter into a complete new cycle? That was not the case in the previous cycle, and I don't think we can go on for many cycles in a similar type of fashion. Now there is a part of North America land which is viable, even at lower prices, but how big that is and how much you can step up from the core acreage, I think, is to be seen. Now how we operate in that, we are aiming to be very competitive on efficiency and, in addition to that, continue to bring new technology into play which can help our customers and drive up production per well. And we have a very good offering already in place for that. So we will continue to operate the way we have been with a focus in both these dimensions. But I think at this stage, if you look at the state of the industry value chain, I can't tell you that we are going to get back to previous peak margins in North America or North America land because at this stage, I just don't see how that can be funded in the entire value chain.
Paal Kibsgaard: All right. Thank you. So before we close this morning, I would like to summarize the four most important points that we discussed. First, we believe that we've reached the bottom of the cycle and that E&P investments now have to increase in order for the industry to meet the growing supply deficit. As E&P investment starts growing, a large part will initially have to be consumed on supplier industry price increases in order for capacity and capabilities to be available and for operating standards to be met. Second, most basins around the world are today at unprecedented low levels of activity and we expect to see a broad-based increase in investments going forward funded by higher oil prices. The magnitude and sustainability of the investment increase will, however, be a function of the financial viability of the entire oil industry value chain in each basin and country which will vary significantly. Third, our deep local knowledge, the breadth and depth of our technology offering together with our geographical scale will clearly set us apart and further enable us to deliver differentiated financial results going forward. And fourth, the shortfall in profits and cash flow throughout the entire industry value chain can only be permanently addressed by a dramatic step change in industry performance, including intrinsic quality and efficiency, technology system innovations, and more aligned and collaborative business models, and Schlumberger is and will remain at the absolute forefront of this industry transformation. That concludes today's call. Thank you for participating.
Robert Scott Rowe - President: Yeah, absolutely, Ole. Look, this is a flagship win for the OneSubsea team and, as you know, we've been working with Woodside for a long time to first win their frame agreement then indeed to move this project forward. But as Paal just discussed, right, this is a big technology play and it allows us to preserve some pricing because we can uniquely differentiate ourselves from anybody else. But what we've done here is essentially provide relatively standard horizontal trees combined with the boosting system and then the real technology is with the Unified Controls System that will span both the boosting system and the subsea architecture as well as the completion with the landing string. And so now, we've got a Unified Controls System that controls all aspects that sit on the seafloor, and you could imagine the cost savings for the customer when you bring all of that together. So, again, we've worked real hard with Woodside. We're very excited to move this project forward with them and we think it's a great example of the true capabilities of OneSubsea.
Robert Scott Rowe - President: Sure. It's a broad question but we can provide some general guidance here. Look. The 15.8% that we were able to achieve in the quarter was exceptional. And as you know, it's one of the highest quarters we've ever had. The forward look is a little bit complicated because what's happening is we've got really strong execution in both Drilling, OneSubsea and Process systems, and those are our bigger backlog and longer-cycle businesses, and those are going to start to come down. And now, you've got a lot of pricing pressure that we've seen in 2015 start to come into the mix. And so we think 15.8% is a very high level, that will start to taper down here in the quarters to come. And then where we really start to see some uplift and it's a matter of timing here, but as Paal described, right, we do believe we're going to get pricing in the shorter-cycle businesses, so both Surface and Valves & Measurement. And then in addition to that, you start to layer in the synergies from the integration itself. And so I don't expect us to exceed the 15.8% here in the short term. I think that comes down steadily over time. But then as we get pricing traction and those short-cycle businesses begin to pick up, we could indeed see those margins come back up into a higher territory. And in terms of booking outlook, I'll start with deepwater. And what I'll say is it is in a very bad state in terms of progressing and moving projects forward. And we're very fortunate to work with Woodside and get one past FID, but we don't see any major projects here for the remainder of the year. In fact, our estimates for trees this year are less than 100. There are a few projects out there next year that are relatively large in size. We feel good about our ability to work with operators and achieve those, but at the same time, the industry has got significant capacity, and those are going to be incredibly competitive. And so I'm a little concerned about the outlook with deepwater. Now, however, the counter to that is we have a very strong belief in what we're doing with OneSubsea. And like I described in the opening comments, right, the ability to tie the reservoir to what we're doing, drive cost out of the system through our standardized approach and then get more out of production, we feel very good about that. On the other businesses, Surface and V&M are tied to rig count and they have a significant North American exposure and, as Paal described, we think those markets start to increase here going forward. And so that's going to be the big kind of flux position for us, if you will, if those start to come back faster, then our outlook starts to look pretty good.
Robert Scott Rowe - President: If I could just add, this is a big part of the Cameron integration as well, right. So in Cameron, we really didn't progress the ability to collect data on our equipment and what we're doing is tapping in to the expertise here at Schlumberger. And in fact, more than half of our 30 integrated technology programs are around the theme of controls and predictive maintenance and reliability.
Simon Ayat: So, Michael, as you mentioned, we performed well in second quarter despite some exceptional payments. And the transformation program is helping us quite a bit, it's on the CapEx side on some of the cost elements, collection of receivables. I mean the transformation program is across the board on most of our activity and processes. So it is going to – we're looking forward to not to consume as much cash in the upturn because first, we do have excess equipment, and we don't think the CapEx is going to turn around in a major way. And, yes, the transformation program will continue to contribute as it contributed in the downturn.
Simon Ayat: Inventory is a big part of it as well, yes. That's what I meant by managing the material and supplies as well.
Simon Ayat: Good question. So, look. We always said that we'll be opportunistic on our buyback, and we use excess cash or remaining cash, normally, after the business needs, to return it through buybacks. The $11.6 billion that we have in cash obviously do reflect excess cash. But excess cash should not be looked at on a one given period, we have to project several quarters in advance. And during the quarter, there were major cash movements in relation to the Cameron acquisition. The cash we paid to the shareholders, we bought back some of the debt of Cameron. So we took a decision to slow down the buyback, sit back, reassess our need of cash, given all the opportunities we have in front of us, and we will go back into the market. We're always in the market. Our policy will continue to be in the market, but it is not going to be evenly spread going forward.
Simon Ayat: And it is an exceptional period during the quarter due to the acquisition and basically a reassessment of how we're going to use the cash, but buyback will always be a part of our plan.
