Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you, James. So indeed, I think as you have seen, we reminded everyone that we will see -- we will have seen the trough for international markets in the third quarter, and we expect this to start to rebound in the fourth which is what we have delivered. This was against a rig count that actually went down, and I think we here used the breadth of our offering, both short and long-cycle, the exposure we have which is very broad, very diverse to offset some of the rig contraction in some part of the international markets and realize some gain, occasionally [ph] our market position to offset and realize what we have delivered. So, we believe that first and foremost, the breadth of our offering, short and long-cycle, our performance, which is acknowledged by customers and giving us opportunity to encroach or gain share when activity comes back are the fundamentals of our market position internationally. Finally, we believe that our technology offering, fit-for-basin technology, digital are unique attributes that customers recognize and are ready to allocate share to have access to this technology and to leverage and to gain efficiency going forward. So, when you look now going forward on the long-term outlook, we have indeed -- we see that the market will accelerate beyond the inflection point that we see in the first quarter. That is a seasonal dip. And then we expect and anticipate that we could reach or exceed double digits on H2 to H2 on an exit-to-exit growth rate. And then, we anticipate that this will continue and even be strengthening in ‘22 and ‘23.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. First, I think, let me comment briefly on the fourth quarter results. Indeed, the fourth quarter result of the Digital & Integration division was a combination of very strong APS execution, multi-client sales that came from the seasonal effect of multi-client sales during the fourth quarter and international sales and success in our digital business. Going forward, we see beyond this exceptional performance. We still are confident that we’ll be able to maintain on a full year basis the 30% or so margins for the division of integration and digital going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think, it’s difficult to decipher this or to bring granularity out to 2023 on how the market will recover per region. But globally speaking, I think, there will be an element of short and long cycle. So, we believe first that the region that were the most impacted and Latin America is one, will have recovery growth that will come maybe first because it’s a combination of short and long cycle. We believe that the short cycle that exists in Middle East would favor that region both in short and midterm. We believe that Russia and Asia as well will benefit. And we believe that later in the cycle, from the second half of this year and later, the offshore market at large will start to benefit from long growth, but I think it’s very difficult to give a granular view of this. I think the short-cycle will benefit from sometime later this year, and the long cycle will be accelerating, we believe, in ‘22 and ‘23.
Olivier Le Peuch: Very good question, Dave. I think, the pull is multi-faceted, I would say. There is pull from customers that are willing to step change the efficiency of their own workflows and hence gain productivity into their planning, field development, and evaluation of reservoir potential. And this is creating a pull for our workflow solutions with customers, which -- where we’re building on our desktop solution and then creating a transition to the cloud to gain scalability, productivity, and collaboration. So, that’s the first pull. The second pull is around unlocking the data. Customers are looking at ways to extract more value from the data that they own. And hence, they are looking for exploiting AI/ML tools that the industry can provide them. For this, there is this OSDU platform that the industry has adopted for which we contributed ourselves, the design of this ecosystem, and we are getting customers to pull us, and you have seen one example into our release this morning with AIQ in Middle East where the goal is to create AI solution for -- and with ADNOC and with Group 42 to deploy in the cloud in the region for ADNOC to benefit for this data insight. And finally, we see customers pulling into digital operation and trying to create step change into the way they execute their drilling, well construction or the existing extracting efficiency from their existing assets. So, these are the three pulls we see, and we have offerings that correspond to each. And you have seen that the OMV announcement this morning is mostly on the first and the second, on the workflows and the data, and you have seen some announcement we did last quarter and this quarter onto the digital operation. So, we see customers in all regions having an interest into expanding from the desktop to the cloud for their workflow, unlocking the value of that data through the cloud and through new digital solutions, including OSDU, and reaching out to operation and unlocking through edge application, the automation and application of AI to operation. So, we see this across multiple regions and all the customer type.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. Good question, Angie. Let me bring clarification back on what we said this morning in the prepared remarks. So, ambition for 2021 is to expand margin by 250 to 300 bps or higher, if the market conditions allow us, between 2021 and full-year 2020. And this will exceed vis-à-vis the 2019 margins on a full year basis. So, we see this will be driven by three factors. First, the full benefit of our restructuring efforts where we have realized at the end of 2020 more than 90% of our 1.5 permanent structural cost reduction; secondly, the impact of our portfolio high-grading in North America that will actually allow us in the current market condition to reach or exceed double digit in North America in 2021; and finally, from the incremental margins from our international franchise, where we expect the combination of efficiency measure, including digital, digital operation for our own operation, the combination of the firewall market mix, if I may, and the strength for fit-for-basin technology to differentiate and give us the edge and hence, the growth of our margin internationally. So, when you combine all of this, this will give us this margin -- visible margin expansion year-on-year of 250 to 300 bps or above visibly the 2019, despite being significantly down on top-line. So, Division per Division, we anticipate actually, from the run rate of -- for the full year, we expect all Division to actually expand margins on a full year basis. And I think this is not only digital. I think, Reservoir Performance by the exit of OneStim we’ll, as Stephane did comment in his prepared remarks, get the benefit from that as a margin mix and will further expand, Well Construction due to efficiency and market growth we’ll also get benefits on incremental. And production and digital, as I commented before, will establish itself at a high 20% or 30% margin for the full year. So, I hope it does clarify for you the margin mix and rationale and the drivers for this expansion.
Olivier Le Peuch: Okay. So, I’m not sure that I will have -- I will take the time to comment on each and every one of these. So, let me comment briefly on the Genvia. So, indeed, Genvia is a venture we have created with partners, including research arms of the -- in France to indeed industrialize, commercialize solid-oxide electrolyzer technology that is set to be changing a bit the usual efficiency of this electrolyzer use for green hydrogen production. The market towards 2030, to give you a sense, is expected to be about 70 gigawatts of installed capacity of electrolyzer that needs to be installed in the world globally. We’ve obviously ambition to be participating into that market and create and capture share of that market through our solution. Our solution will be to deliver this electrolyzer capacity to the market, sometimes used in -- for reversibility in fuel cells, and most of the time used to produce hydrogen. So, ambition indeed is to develop this across the next few years. Our milestones, speaking about this, will be to technically demonstrate this in the coming quarters and deliver some prototypes to our partners that will use it in fuel cell or in hydrogen production. And from that point on, in the next two or three years, make a decision, a critical decision to build and expand into large-scale manufacturing to respond and take share into this market. So, each of these ventures that we are entering into is using the same multi-steps approach where we invest in technology, we test the market with partners, and we then derisk, commercialize and ready ourselves for scale. So, that’s the approach we are having, not entering into large capital-intensive project, but leveraging our domain, subsurface domain expertise that is very applicable for CCS, very applicable for geothermal, leveraging our technology, industrialization capability that is very applicable for all of this venture, and finally, leveraging our global footprint so that we can work with partners everywhere in the world and respond to the energy transition on a global basis.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. Thank you, Scott. I think, if we assume and take the hypothesis that the market indeed will converge towards maintenance mode in the U.S., we have to remember that through this crisis, the U.S. production has gone down by 2 million barrel. And if we assume that the next two or three years will not give us the activity, intensity and investment to recover this 2 million barrel, what will happen is that this 2 million barrel will have to be supplied internationally. Hence, the market share of supply will change in favor of international market. When you equate this and assume that the oil demand will go back to the 2019 level by 2023, and some are predicting earlier by 2022, I think, this will create the condition to -- for the budget spend internationally to actually match the 2019 by the 2023, 2025 latest horizon. Hence, it matches our hypothesis that we can return EBITDA of 2019 in the period of 2023 to 2025 as we’ll benefit from this market rebound international from now to 2023. So, that’s our hypothesis going forward is that the market supply share will rebalance slightly, will favor international and will, as a consequence, pull international activity to 100% or more in the next two or three years.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think, it’s a mix of both. I think, you pointed out to the components. I think, we expect going forward that the contribution of EPS operating at -- with very strong performance. We have improved our performance significantly in that -- in this. We are increasing back the digital as a component of this going forward. We expect contribution of this maintaining EPS performance to the level that we have seen in the last two quarters. We divested some investment in APS as well. That has helped us improve the margin of APS. And the future growth, anticipated growth and margin accretion from digital will combine to maintain this at the level that I mentioned here, the high-20s or 30s.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. Thank you. I think, let me first comment on the actual results. And I think the actual results indeed, if you look at the very specific country, the very specific basin where we have growth to sort of the GeoUnits, as we call them, that had growth in the fourth quarter sequentially, where offshore GeoUnits from Guyana to Brazil, from the other around the world where we had -- and West Africa, did grow. So, that is a fact. And indeed, we can attribute this to market position and our market share that we have and benefit from in those markets clearly. And I think we had even a couple of them, including Guyana that were year-on-year growing from Q4 2019. So, we had some indeed traction into these. And I think that came from the market that did rebound in deepwater. Deepwater was in Q4 higher than in Q3 in term of actual rig count. It was offset by some other rig activity going down or slowing down in the fourth quarter. But, I think the offshore deepwater specifically was up. Now, going forward, we don’t see a setback to that trend. And aside from the deep seasonal effect into the first quarter, we see that this will grow going forward. If we look at our projection, deepwater is actually a gain. The rig that will benefit the most in 2021 going forward into the teens in term of year-on-year projection by contrast with shallow that will only see single-digit as well as land. So, when you combine all of this, that give us the -- our market position established and demonstrated during the fourth quarter. And our anticipated rebound for long-cycle that we see in the contract out there for the deepwater give us the confidence that offshore will contribute meaningfully to our international rebound in second half.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. I think, I will -- to give granular view per venture, I think, we will give ourselves the next few weeks and months to prepare communication to all of you on that front. And for sure, before the mid-year, I think, we will come with a much better view for all of you on where we participate. But needless to say, that each and every one of the ventures we participate has a very significant potential on total addressable market. I think, we are here having the ambition a create a Division that will supplement the four Divisions that we currently have within the decade. And we believe that the market for each of hydrogen, CCUS, geothermal, geo-energy or lithium, is very significant. So, I don’t want to go into any detail. But, I think I just mentioned and give you the example of the 70-gigawatt of electrolyzer capacity that will have to be installed within the next 10 years. That gives you a sense of what is happening. There will be 800 million tons of CCS that will have to be captured between now and the end of the decade in projects that will work with emitters to create conditions to capture and sequestrate this carbon, and lithium oxide as well for the high-density battery will grow significantly in the decade to come. So, each and every of this venture has a unique and fast-growing TAM. Now, the reason why we are maybe unique in our position into this. First, we have a domain that is relevant in experience into this, particularly in CCS and in geothermal. Second, I think, we have a track record of industrialization and development of technology at scale. And third, I think, we know how to partner and deliver technology and deploy technology and solution everywhere in the world with any partners. And you will see announcement coming in the next few weeks and few months as we’ll illustrate that at scale.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think we -- as we said, I think we see the seasonal impact affecting international. We see the effect and positive effect of the non-effect on OneStim. And overall, I think we looked at the full year more than the first quarter. We are confident that the margin from operating margin will be steady as we transition the first quarter despite a minimum dip from seasonal effect, international, offset partially by North America.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. We will continue exert capital discipline, as you know. So, we’ll make -- we want to give ourselves optionality, hence, our guidance. But we’ll keep agility and extracting efficiency from our existing fleet to make sure we minimize the capital spend going forward. And we are here We are indeed very firm on to our being on the low end of our 5% to 7% for the CapEx aspect of our capital.
Olivier Le Peuch: Great question, Connor. I think, obviously, we are very proud of this large enterprise deployment contract that we have earned with OMV, and we will work with them over the next few quarters to roll out our solution and create unique AI workloads that will accelerate and step change their positive efficiency for their own operation. But, this -- I think, to realize that this is a large contract is just also to compare the scale of some of our customers we’re working for. The contract size can be much more significant than the one we have just announced. So, I think, the rates and the range of contract we’ll -- we are engaged with our customers is very broad from customers that are willing to get access on demand to some simulation compute, or the customers are willing to do a full transition of all of their workflows, data and enterprise solution to the cloud, similar to what OMV is engaging with us is a broad portfolio of what we are engaging with customers. So, to give you an example, I don’t think there is more than -- there is many more than one example, and it will go from single million dollar investment to a large multi-hundred million dollar over long-term contract. So, the typical engagement includes a transition engagement that will transition the data, transition the workflows, and then includes a transition to the SaaS model, Software-as-a-Service, or Data-as-a-Service for the long run. So, these typical contracts are 5 or 10 years and include a transition and then an exploitation part of the contract.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, I will not comment that way. I think, it depends on every contract on the commercial condition we negotiate with the customer. There is always obviously a technology investment that we have been doing for the last five years. And we continue to invest in technology. And every project and every commercial engagement is different. So, it’s very difficult to make any projection or any trends. I believe that we gave a little bit of indication of the highly accretive margins, and we believe that this is true and holding true for the entire portfolio we have and would not want to comment project or contract by contract.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, we believe that we have created a very significant investment in the last five years when we created a foundation of this DELFI, Agora, OSDU foundation. We are working with partners to augment the capability of this foundation as per the announcement we made with IBM and the collaboration we have with Google and Microsoft. And we’ll continue to work with partners, continue to spend and allocate a large portion of our engineering effort into this. And we believe that we are well covered to create the growth pattern that we have announced going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: You’re welcome, Connor. So, I believe that it’s time to start to close. I think we are running out of time at the clock. So, thank you, everyone. And I think to conclude, I would like to offer three takeaways. First, the strength of our results during the first quarter-- the last quarter, built on a very broad performance improvement across divisions, both in North America and internationally, speaks volumes about our market positioning and the effectiveness of our strategic execution during the year. We are starting 2021 from a position of strength, having reset our earnings power and return potential. Second, with a gradual return of demand throughout 2021, we anticipate North America activity to continue consolidating towards sustaining production, and international activity rebounds to broaden and accelerate in the second half. This aligns very well with the evolution of our portfolio in North America and with our established international market positions and should lead all Divisions to post incremental growth in 2021 when contrasted to the second half of 2020, and for the company to expand full-year margins significantly above 2020 and visibly ahead of 2019. Third, our strategic execution has created a platform to capitalize on growth drivers in the new landscape, as we witnessed the beginning of a new chapter in our industry, a chapter where digital is an imperative for industry efficiency; a chapter where innovation and technology will impact field development, asset performance, and production & recovery; and a chapter where industry resilience will be defined by sustainability and lower carbon footprint. We are prioritizing our investment towards these growth drivers and at the same time, will continue to accelerate our expansion into New Energy venture to prepare for the future. Ladies and gentlemen, we are reinventing ourselves and are delivering financial results ahead of our stated ambition. Our company is on a new performance journey with attractive, yet resilient return, and very exciting growth prospects in and beyond our core industry. Thank you very much.
Stephane Biguet: Scott, I’ll take this, -- Stephane. If you look at 2020 actually, our cash flows only benefited from a very modest working capital release. So, conversely, if you look at growth in 2021, we don’t see a big working capital increase. There will be some as activity grows, but our working capital intensity is not that high. So, we will try to keep this to a minimum. And at the same time, we will benefit from the full-year effects of our cost-out program, which are all cost savings and the discipline on CapEx. So, we don’t see working cap as a big headwind. We will be able to offset this with the underlying cash flow performance and get, for sure, to this double-digit free cash flow margin within the -- in 2021.
Stephane Biguet: So, Sean, actually, the few items you mentioned, they do of course help the margin. But, when you look at the global margin, taken together, those three items are not that material. So, the margin tailwind is mostly from the cost-out program actually, optimizing and resetting our earnings power. And from the incrementals on the international activity and the mix you’ve seen on our international margins, even on a full-year ‘20 basis, which was not the best, the best are pretty high. So, most of the margin expansion come from there and cost-out program with a little bit of help from the factors you mentioned, on a global basis.
Stephane Biguet: So, if I understand your question correctly, Chase, you are asking for the first quarter, some colors on the first quarter. I think, we have mentioned in our prepared remarks and in our earnings release that we anticipate after a strong quarter, the usual seasonal dip, partly international market. We see that every year, and we have seen it for the last 10 years. We don’t see it different this year. I think, we don’t see it as a pronounced dip. But we see it at a usual, what we say, seasonal effect that we see affecting Russia, affecting some of the China or offshore market in the first quarter. When it comes to North America, I will again differentiate between offshore, that will transition from a quarter where we delivered some subsea and some multi-client, significant impact on the third quarter -- on the fourth quarter from -- into the first quarter. Whereas in the land market activity, as we mentioned, we foresee a continuity of activity pickup that will transition from the growth rate we have seen in the last part of last year, and that will continue. And we see this growing at the same rate, both on rig and on completion activity.
Stephane Biguet: The margin there will see the -- on the revenue dips, you will have, of course, a bit of decremental. But it will not be as pronounced as we have normally indeed because of the OneStim effect going into Q1, particularly for NAM. So, the NAM margin of course will not decrease. And overall, we should be able to maintain overall the same level of margin.
Stephane Biguet: We are, of course, pretty much still working on these fronts and other. On the rigs, we have -- we are still looking at transactions in Australia. And then, in the Middle East, we have some progress there, but nothing to disclose at this stage. It’s a bit of a different format than what we had looked at before, but it’s still on the books. Regarding Canada, our APS project there, called Palliser, the macro environment is indeed getting quite better when looking at this asset. And we are -- we have a lot of interest building up. So, we think there is value to be extracted there. And I think, we’ll be in a position even probably to launch a formal process sometime in the next few months. So, lots of interest in Canada and hopefully, it will result into something good happening this year.
Stephane Biguet: Sure. So really, as a reminder, we are really looking at the capital investments altogether, right, the CapEx portion, as you mentioned, APS and multi-client. And there, in 2020, we spent $1.5 billion. It was quite a reduction from 2019, a 45% reduction, more than what the revenue reduced actually, so the intensity reduced in 2020. So, we start from a very low base. We may maintain it around the $1.5 billion, but we want to leave ourselves a little bit of room to capture the growth we are starting to see, particularly in the international market. We want to be ready to deploy CapEx in the most lucrative markets, and we don’t want to miss the opportunity. So, we will monitor and modulate accordingly, but we will stay within the $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion. As it relates to CapEx only, yes, I think, it will be closer to 5% with the current equipment, the capacity we have and the capital efficiencies we have realized. But we leave a bit of flexibility. We’ll monitor, but we’ll stay within the range we stated for total capital investments.
