Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. So let me first start one thing, so I said that the IOCs are now making up well below 30%. So it has dropped over the past couple of quarters. So we have already seen a reduction in their spend. And what we’re saying is that, it’s already flat now year-over-year, the forecast we have from the value, geomarkets and a roll-up indicates our progression in the next couple of quarters and we see the full year basically being flat year-over-year.  Now what’s driving that, as we said before, we believe that the primary focus of the CapEx cuts from the IOCs will be on projects that are heavy on infrastructure and probably less so on well rated CapEx, although we have seen some impact on this as well.  
Paal Kibsgaard: We haven’t really changed our view on exploration spend or the seismic spends since the January call. We still expect to see growth in exploration spend in 2014. It’s going to be lower than 2013, and within the exploration spend, we see flattening or flat seismic spend and the growth is going to come through well related spend, through appraisal and exploration type of drilling. So we haven’t really changed the view on either exploration or seismic from the January call. That was already factored into the plan.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, if you look at Q1 first of all, in terms of our performance we saw very strong year-over-year growth as I said, with revenue of 12%. And this is a combination of market share gains and new technology uptake. And we continue to gain share and pressure pumping. And this is on the back of efficiency gains and new technology uptake. And we added another two fleets in Q1 from our idle asset program.  Now in terms of activity outlook for North America, on land we expect solid activity growth in U.S. land in 2014. We see this being led by South and West Texas. And in addition to the number of wells, we also see supported by again efficiency gains and further uptake of new technology.  In terms of Canada, the breakup is going to have the normal impact on Q2 and we see Canada slightly up compared to 2013.  And Gulf of Mexico, again Q1 was slow for us because of lower deepwater drilling activity. We see this coming back in Q2 and onwards; so a strong outlook again for Gulf of Mexico.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, we do. And also the number of rigs in Q1 wasn’t really the problem. They -- we regenerate less revenue, although we have completion work there, the amount of revenue per day in completion mode versus full drilling mode is obviously a significant relapse. So it was not a rig count issue, it was an activity type of issue in Q1.
Paal Kibsgaard: Ole I think if you want to build a very kind of bullish case on production, I am sure you can do that. It’s just that if you go back and look at the previous years, there is always an element of project delays and production disruption. And what we said in January is that we expect there to be a normal dose of that in 2014. And so far this year we have seen that, so the market is still relatively tight. Obviously these stocks are down. OpEx spare capacity is down. And there is nothing dramatic in it other than that all the things aren’t lining up as maybe the bull case was at the beginning of the year for production.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think what’s going to happen at least over the next couple of years is that the IOCs will focus more of their spend where they can drill wells and generate production from existing infrastructure or from infrastructure that costs less. So huge infrastructure projects, I would expect to be kind of lower in frequency. And some of them might be postponed as we have already seen. While the focus, again is going to be on generating production which generates cash. So the ability to do that at the lowest possible investment, I think is going to be the focus, which is still good for us.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well I think for the frontier areas, you will still see exploration I think there is still a push towards delineating and trying to assess what these frontiers contain. So I think although there is lower growth in exploration this year I still think there is going to be lot of interest to try to assess what kind of potential these areas have. Now how the economics of the project was stack up and when development starts, that will I think is going to be a function of what they find and what the economics look like. But I still think there will be a push towards doing exploration in frontier areas, yes.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, if you look at the overall rig counts, it was up about 4.5% year over year and I would say partly offsetting that growth also was inefficiencies due to the weather. So a fair bit of this I think for us is market share as well as new technology. So I am not going to give you a detailed number which I am sure you know. But I am quite pleased with how we are continuing to progress in particular, in the pressure pumping market. We added about four fleets in Q3, one fleet in Q4 and another two fleets in the first quarter of this year. And this is all at descent incremental margins, so we are pleased with how we are progressing.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well if you focus in on deepwater where I think the biggest discussion has been, this is where the biggest projects are and this is where the biggest discussion are on rig rates all right. We looked at this in detail and if you look at the deepwater market, it’s really two separate stories, you have Brazil and you have the rest of the world. In 2013, Brazil represented around 30% of the global deepwater drilling activity and in Q1 of 2014 Brazil was 20% down in activity while the rest of the world was up 3%. Now for the full year of 2014, we expect Brazil to be down more than 20% versus last year, while the rest of the world we see as being up high single digits. And as we previously indicated in January, the growth in the rest of the world deepwater is going to be driven by sub-Sahara Africa and Gulf of Mexico, so really no change to that. And we also see descent growth in both exploration as well as development for deepwater.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well if you look at the activity outlook or revenue outlook for us in the international markets, again we see well rated CapEx spend growing north of 6% and it’s going to again be driven by both land and offshore. There are a few offsetting factors versus what we said in January, so if you quickly go through those, we do see solid growth in deepwater drilling activity excluding Brazil. In Latin America specifically, we now see this as being flat driven by lower revenue in particular in Brazil but also to a certain extent in Mexico. In Europe and Africa, we are still showing good growth and basically in line with the previous outlook. In Russia, the activity outlook is unchanged but the revenue will potentially be lower due to the currently weaker ruble, so what’s going to happen with the ruble as the year progresses we’ll have to see, but if it stays where it is now then revenue is going to be somewhat lower than what we initially expected while activity is the same. Now Middle East and Asia is stronger than we initially expected and that’s driven by several countries in the Middle East as well as Australia. So that’s kind of how we see overall international.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, like you say we've outperformed our competitors in terms of both topline growth in margin evolution [indiscernible] since like mid-2012. So at this stage I am quite pleased with our position both on land and offshore in North America. So we expect to maintain our margin leadership and at the same time grow faster in revenues. So if our competitors can grow by 100 and 200 basis points, I don’t see why we cannot do the same or exceed it.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think if you look at the short term actions they are taking today, they are looking at bringing the deepwater rig rates down. I mean, if you look at what’s happened on deepwater day rates over the past three, four, five years they have increased significantly and they have been completed disconnected from the other deepwater oilfield services, right. So today the rig rental makes up around 50% of the deepwater well cost, so customers have really been looking for the opportunity to get the rig rental rates down and the opportunity is here in form of the high number of new arrivals, all contract expiring and a significant reduction activity in Brazil. So I think this is the opportunity. In the short term they are trying to get some relief on cost.  Now my comments in terms of a procurement driven exercise across the industry, is more focused in on, we need to basically drive off the technical performance as an industry, whether that is process efficiency or reliability of the projects that we execute. So what some of my customers are doing is they are, they are approaching us a lot more than in the past in terms of doing fully integrated projects, where we are a lot more engaged in the upfront planning and the sign of the work. And where we have a more performance based contracts in terms of how we execute the work as well. So these are some of the short terms actions that they are taking. And I think beyond that I think the service industry needs to take responsibility in terms of finding way of transforming themselves to drive both their internal efficiencies and their technical performance versus the customers that is how we can create more value and support our customers.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, if you look at Q2, we should see seasonal recovery in Russia and China and also less weather impact in U.S. land. Now this is going to be partially offset by the normal spring break up in Canada which has already started. And beyond this we are expecting steady growth in the underlying business as per the other discussions we’ve had so far today. So our aim for the second quarter is to bring Q2 EPS back to the level of Q4 of last year. That is for us a good target.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, in general, Jim, the performance based contracts are accreted to our margins. So we take on performance based contracts where we have a pretty good handle on the environment that we operate in. We have a very good handle on how our customers are operating and are interfacing and supporting our operations. And also what kind of controls we have to drive performance. So I would say in general our performance based contracts and a lot of them are within the drilling group, if you take away the production incentive contracts, they are generally accretive to our margins and if you look at the drilling group margin evolution over the past two, three years, you see a very steady improvement from the time we took over Smith in back in 2010.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think they will have impacts globally. We piloted some of these things in North America when we did the initial restructuring of North America land back in when we started in 2010 and that’s being some of the basis for our improvements in North America over the past three-four years. But what we are doing is now starting to pilot in small scale in various other parts of the world and this is going to take several years before we get fully implemented. But at the end of the day, the transformation programs that I’ve been talking about publicly over the past year, will impact all parts of the company, both geographically and in terms of technology.
Paal Kibsgaard: It’s difficult to think, but I would say that -- as I said in my prepared remarks, if you look at incremental margins, we are going to focus in on driving incremental margins throughout our business. With some of the, I would say challenges in particularly in North America land with that we’ve been facing on pricing, it is still more difficult to drive very high incremental margins in North America although we are going to try, but the overall international markets I still think has a significant incremental margin potential and as I also mentioned, year over year Q1 we had 86% incremental margins in international.
Paal Kibsgaard: It’s a difficult question to answer. I mean is it possible? Yes. Are we going to get to double digits? I can’t really say and I wouldn’t commit to it. But the fact that we have the potential of growing our revenues higher than the 6% is I think is very clear.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think overall I don’t think 6% is going to be sufficient to have a wide spread price increase in commodity type of technologies. Now you might have small pockets where there is a surge of activity and there is insufficient capacity to deliver. You might have situations where new technologies are introduced or where efficiencies are stepped up, where you can drive your effective pricing. But at this stage I would say that we are expecting North America land pricing overall, we are hoping it’s going to flatten from where it is now, that’s going to be the forecast I would say that we have going forward and then we are looking on top of that to drive up our effective pricing through a new technology introduction and by driving efficiency of our operations.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, so as already said, I think Brazil activity, Brazil revenue for us this year is going to be significantly down versus 2013, it’s a combination of both activity as you say as well as the pricing on the new contracts that we took on during 2013. So there is no surprise that Brazil revenue is going to be down significantly and that’s already factored into these discussions and the outlook that I’ve been giving today.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, we still expect solid growth in China in 2014. It’s going to be a bit lower than 2013 partly due to some of these budget reductions that we have seen from the NOCs. But our focus in the China land market is very much on penetrating it further and if you look at our overall penetration of that market it is still very low. So, we aren’t immediately impacted significantly by these budget reductions. We are seeing significantly high demand for our new technology, for our technical expertise and also for project management. So that’s why we are still quite optimistic about China. And growth is going to be driven by land both in terms of conventional type gas and shale gas, and offshore is also going to continue to be solid. So I would say solid growth in 2014, a bit lower than 2013.
Paal Kibsgaard: It is vague. Yes, and we have done it. But I’m not going to share the outlook with you in great detail, other than we see it -- we saw it as a major growth driver for 2014 and it has confirmed its potential and it might even be slightly up in April versus where we thought it would be in January.
Paal Kibsgaard: I’m not going to give you a number. You can look at the Q1 year-over-year number which was pretty solid.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, for 2014 the main change has been that the activity in the south is going to be down. And this is mainly driven by ongoing discussions between the IOCs and the Ministry. There are things that they need to sort out and agree upon before they will move forward and award some of these lump-sum turnkey contracts that are pending. So until that happens, there isn’t going to be a lot of work awarded in the south. And with the upcoming elections, we don’t think that that situation and these bids are going to be awarded in the next couple of quarters. We think that is probably a late year event before it happens.  So that’s why activity in Southern Iraq for this year is going to be down. Now offsetting this is very strong activity growth in Northern Iraq. And here we have an excellent market position. It’s a lot focused on high-end exploration and we are able to offset the reduced activity in revenue in the South with growth in the North. So that 2014 Iraq revenue is going to be flat year-over-year and the margins are also now quickly approaching the average for the region. So overall, it’s somewhat downgrading of the growth in Iraq, but both margins and as well as the offsetting factor of the North is positive.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I think overall for Latin America, I think flat is a good word. I think we see overall revenue to be flattish this year. And we are going to work very hard on maintaining our margins around the levels that we had in 2013. So far this year that's worked out well. And we will continue to focus in on that.  So, obviously a significant negative on Brazil which we already talked about. Mexico is more of a positive story. But in the short-term here what we see is a lot more budget discipline from Pemex; and also a little bit more hesitance towards spend as this ongoing reform proceeds. But as you know, we had some significant wins in the mega tenders, where we have gained significant shares and we will be ramping up activity in Q2 and into H2. So we expect to be exiting Mexico this year on a pretty good note and that will be a good driver for us in 2015.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, so we are interested in North America land artificial lift markets, and we have followed it for some time. There is clearly significant growth potential there. It’s a huge market. There are hundreds of thousands of wells that installed rod lifts and we see a significant opportunity to apply more science and technology into this markets and also to help drive production and cost per barrel. So, if you want to be part of transforming a market which obviously are ultimate goal this year, and transforming it to the benefit of our customers, we are firm believers that you have to play in it; you cannot change it from the side lines. So while we have a growing ESP business in the North America land for the, shale liquid wells, we also believe that we need to have a complete offering and what we are looking to do now is to combine our ESP offering with these rod lift companies that we have both over the recent quarters. And then ultimately provide a life of well lift solution to our customer base. And that could be ESP for part of the life and it could be a rod pump for the other part of the life. So we are working on this and we will give a further off take on this business both I would say further strategy as well as technology in our June investor event.
Paal Kibsgaard: As far as I know, we haven’t had any recent discussions with Rosneft on pricing beyond what is normal for our services. Exactly what Rosneft do in terms of oil contracting rigs, I don’t have any further comments to what their strategy is, no.
Paal Kibsgaard: No you’re right. I mean, we continue to focus on return on capital employed and to be, would say capital efficient as we go forward. So there is no change in the strategy here, but let me just give you a little bit of the rationale for why we are acquiring Saxon. So land rigs has always been a key part of our integration platform for well construction.  Now in the past, and what led to the set-up of Saxon where we have basically sold them the rigs, we sold the rigs to Eurasia in Russia as well is that our priority in the past have been basically to have access to rigs from a trusted provider. It’s more a capacity issue that we’ve been focusing in, in the past. What we are doing now is that we are evolving this view to also seeing the land rig as a critical element of how we drive drilling performance. So what we planned to do at this stage now and Saxon is generally focused on the international market where we have basically all of our integration related business. We plan to invest in optimizing rig design and rig operations by combining Saxon’s rig engineering and rig management capabilities with our existing drilling expertise from both IPM and the drilling group. So there are some third party rigs within the Saxon fleet today, it’s quite a few and we will continue to support them, and if there are opportunity to do third party rentals, we will continue to do. But we are predominately buying Saxon because we want to have our own rig provider that we can help, help us drive the performance of our integration business for well construction.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, for us Venezuela today is actually quite good. Activity in Q1 was solid. It was up more than 20% year over year and as you say, we have a close working relationship with PdVSA and as we put our payment agreement with them in place, payments are regular and they are according to plan. So we are in reasonably good shape there.  So looking forward for this year, we see continued increase in the rig counts. And these addition of rigs are mainly focused in on the [indiscernible] and we continue to ramp up our resources and expertise in the country, right. We have a number of projects with PdVSA where we are working with them to drive operational efficiency and obviously to help them drive up production. So we see Venezuela for 2014 to be one of the positives in Latin America.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think the overall activity in terms of new wells and in terms of frac stages is going to be up in 2014. And whether we will add more capacity into this, I think is going to be a function of the pricing and the incremental margins we will get on the addition of fleets that we put in. All the fleets that we have introduced over the past three quarters, these criteria have been met, and that’s why we have been adding them, right. So we are currently today operating at 82% in terms of 24 hour operations, which has been obviously a key driver for efficiency. And other than that we are focusing in on term contracts. So we have about 90% of our pressure pumping contract volume on term. And we do that because we see that as a key element to help drive efficiency. That’s how we get predictable work. And we have a close working relationship with our customers for planning and scheduling. And also having term contracts and longer term relationships other than the spots, also helps us in the way we work together with them in terms of technical collaboration as well as new technology introduction. So, I am reasonably optimistic about our ability to continue to gain share in that market. What’s going to happen to base pricing, I think base pricing as of now we are looking for it to flatten out. 
Paal Kibsgaard: No, we haven’t changed our outlook for the seismic business since January. So like you said, the backlog was up 196 million sequentially and 49 million year-over-year. This was driven both by land and marine. And in terms of the 2014 outlook for seismic, we maintained the outlook that we did in January, that it’s going to be flattish in terms of overall spend this year. We continue to see pressure on basic marine pricing, we saw that in Q1. But in terms of Q2 and Q3 activity and our bookings and utilization is looking quite reasonable. So we did no change to what we looked at in January. 
