Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I'm not going to go into the details of exactly how much we deployed. We continue to deploy and I would say that we deployed less than what we planned to, mainly because the overall softness that we experienced in the market. I think, the overall stage count growth market wide was a bit lower than expected and in addition to that, a number of other companies added fairly significant capacity to the market and this had an impact on softening pricing and also it impacted utilization. So we introduced somewhat lower, a lower number of fleets in the first quarter and it was more backend loaded, but we are back on our plan rate of introduction as we enter Q2 and our plan is still to deploy the full 1 million horsepower that we acquired during the course of 2018.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, from an operational planning and execution front, from the Schlumberger side, international is unfolding this year as we were expecting. The rate of increase in investment levels is as you note significantly lower than what we see in North America, which was expected. But even with the 5% or plus or minus 5% increase in investment, we can generate I think quite reasonable earnings growth out of that, mainly because we have a much higher market here internationally. Our margins are generally higher and our ability to generate incremental is also much higher internationally than in North America. So even though there is a 4 to 1 ratio on investment growth levels, the [Technical Difficulty] business and our ability to generate earnings. Based on that, I'm quite positive on what we can make out of this growth rate even in 2018. But if you ask me, if the investment levels in the international market is sufficient, I would say no, it isn't. So from a supply ability, I would be concerned whether the international market and the producers there are going to be able to produce sufficient to meet the growth in demand, but there's little I can do about that, but I would just say that international for us is unfolding as expected and I think there is only upside beyond where we are today going forward.
Paal Kibsgaard: So James, as to if and when it closes, there is nothing much more we can say than this, other than we do have very good engagement with Eurasian authority. The file is now with them. We need to give them time for them to do their job and we are at their disposal if there is any further follow-up that is required.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah. I think that's a fair comment. There is, as you note, significant tendering activity presently. What we are excited about is that a fair bit of these tenders are now shifting towards performance based contracts, which means that even if they're quite competitive the bid, we have a fairly significant financial upside by being able to execute in certain of these performance standards on these activities. So, I would say activity, we expect to continue to ramp during the year, very solid performance and outlook still in Middle East, Russia, North Sea. Asia is surprising a bit to the upside and we're dragging a little bit further on Africa and Latin America. We expect that to start increasing as well in the second half of the year. So I agree with you. I think the outlook for international is strengthening as we go through this year and should be even stronger in 2019.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah. In terms of pricing, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, no inflection point yet when you look at basic products and services. But again the shift towards performance contracts will allow us to increase our effective pricing by performing well on these projects and I think we're very well set up to do that. And the other point which I wanted to mention as well is that as the emerging signs of the rig rate continue to evolve in positive direction and we've seen some encouraging signs in certain land markets for sure on shallow water jackups and even in selected ultra deepwater environment. So when the rig rate starts to come up, the value proposition or our high end technology and services and the value of service quality and execution is going to quickly become increasingly attractive when compared to the basic performance of our competitors. So I think this is where we expect to see pricing to come first and I think it's reasonable to expect that this will start to take shape in the second half of the year.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, the opportunity set that are on Eurasia Drilling for us has always been the fact that it will allow us firstly to bring our latest total drilling technology systems to the Russia land market. It is a very drilling intensive market. Today, there is no real integration happening. We have a very strong purpose built downhole offering in Russia, partly through a combination of acquisitions we've made and also organic R&D investment made within the Russia R&D organization. And when we add that to the Rig of the Future where we are working on creating winterized Rig of the Future version for introduction in Russia land as well as the drilling sulfur package, there is huge, I would say, drilling performance upside in Western Siberia by introduction of both software and the rig and this is the whole excitement we have around Eurasia transaction. It is a very well-run company, a company we know very well. We have partnered and worked with them for a number of years, but being present on the ownership side that will allow us to take a stronger position in driving the technology direction and I think that is what creates the excitement.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah. So what we said is, from a supply and demand standpoint of frac equipment in Q1, I think it's pretty clear that we had overcapacity as an industry based on the available stages during the first quarter. So we are more or less our capacity today. I think the market going forward when it comes to frac equipment I think is going to also label around being in balance. I think you will probably have local valuations in certain basins. You might have a temporary oversupply, undersupply based on where companies introduce new capacity. But I think the fact that we are now more or less at capacity and we need to accept that it will be in that situation for the duration of this year, I think is pretty clear. And given the fact that the market has been growing steadily now for the second year in a row and also given the fact that we have a very agile service industry and manufacturing industry to support the service industry, it's not a huge surprise that in a fully commoditized market, that supply is going to match demand at some stage and I think we're basically there. So I think from a pricing standpoint, we don't expect any significant tailwinds of kind of net effective pricing. We do expect to continue to be able to pass on additional costs associated with people and supply chain inflation. But beyond that, I think operating margins and profitability is going to have to be driven by how you execute. And from our standpoint, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there are four major drivers. One is the service quality and the business continuity that we are able to provide to our customers in any kind of market situation. We also have significant investments into technology that drives individual fleet operating efficiency. As we add another 1 million horse power over the course of 2018, that's going to give us a fairly significant scale advantage and then also what we see is increasing benefits from our vertical integration program, right? So, I think it's going to be a challenging market situation throughout 2018, but we have some levers that we are very much focused on, which makes me confident that we're going to be able to meet our return, I would say, expectations for the investments that we make into this.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. That's a good question, Jim. So the way we see this contract as you rightfully point out that they are competitively bid as with anything, but with the investments we are making from an R&D standpoint in particular in to our drilling portfolio and with the ultimate focus of creating one drill as a complete revolutionary total billing system, that's where our ability to execute and drive performance on any type of contract to a completely new level that even though we've been - we win the contract at a very competitive pricing, we can over the course of that contract generate very healthy returns to the company. So the way we do this is like I said by having firstly superior individual technology building blocks. Then it's the ability to bring this together to a complete operating and planning software package with drill plan and drill ups is going to do and this is all sitting on our DELFI digital system, which allows every application to share all the data on the information. And then on top of this, it is the domain expertise that we have from the drilling and subsurface as well as our operational execution on the wells that I described. So I can't really point to one thing, but the key with any kind of lumpsum turnkey contract is that you improve the drilling performance over the course of the contract and generally well number ten is drilled significantly faster than wells number one. The key with our system and the whole digital approach is that we ideally - we don't want to start off with the performance of the traditional well number one. We want to start off with well number one matching the traditional performance of well number 10. And if you can do that, you can move up the profitability and the gains you're making and drilling experience from the digital environment that you have deployed on all your operations around the world and this is a major differentiator going forward as to how we can start generating very good returns even in the first wells of the program rather than well 10 or 15 as you get into the second or third year of operation. But this is how we want to set ourselves apart. This is how we are setting ourselves apart and obviously the rigs is going to play an increasingly important part of how we drive performance right and that's why we have a very strong position on rigs with the ADC in Saudi Arabia. This is again linked to our interest in EDC in Russia and then beyond that, we are now actively introducing our Rig of the Future into the US land market as well and these three markets are really the main land drilling markets around the world. And lastly, I would say that this is also why we have made an investment to board drilling. We see performance based contract similar to what I described on land here also to now move in to shallow water and we are very happy and very excited about the partnership and investment we made in board drilling and we see significant opportunities on shallow water together with bore and potential other shallow water drillers to also introduce performance based contracts to this environment.
Paal Kibsgaard: That's a very good question, James. I would say that the downturn in the past three years had an impact on the, what they're trying to mention has grown to our bottom line and it's mainly because it is very difficult to monetize efficiency in an environment where your business continues to shrink quarter after quarter. What we have done during this period of time is that we have ring-fenced the investment in the transformation program and we have continued to evolve it, we have continued to deploy it. We are in the middle of significant deployment as we seek around how we change our workflows, how we introduce new backlog of systems and how we basically conduct all our internal business processes. So this is all progressing and I would say that going forward, the transformation is going to be a critical factor in our ability to generate the incremental margins that we have promised. And I think as soon as you see us now starting to generate a little bit of growth in the international market and we are finished with the pricing concession, that's when I think the impact of the transformation is going to start to become very visible again. We are maintaining, for instance, our CapEx, the investment levels around $2 billion this year, which is as low as it's been throughout the entire downturn and we're doing this because a significant part of the increased activity we are actually going to absorb through increased asset utilization, but this is one way that we are demonstrating what a confirmation can bring. So I would still say that we are in the mid-innings of what the impact of the transformation can bring, but we have continued to advance forward the investments and the deployment of this so that we are very optimistic of what it is going to bring us here as we go forward into 2018 and 2019.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. So if you think there's more execution risk on LSTK, I can debunk that pretty firmly. That is obviously not the case. The highest risk profile of any contract type that we take on is on SPM. On LSTK, there is - the performance risk you basically take on there is that you stipulate a fixed price for a well profile that you have seen and as you can study upfront before you submit your bid, we analyze there is - in great detail the global database and experienced base to understand how we can drill these wells and how we can beat the curve basically. And the risk you take on is basically the time it takes to drill the well, because most of the drilling costs are time based. So the risk profile of LSTK is a small fraction of what the risk profile of a SPM project is. And also from a cash standpoint, LSTK is fairly close in terms of payment terms to the base business. It's about - generally you get paid on completing complete wells and this is very close to the payment DSO levels that we're looking at for the base business. So cash exposure, profitability exposure is much more limited than what you see in SPM. And again the ability that I just outlined in the previous question there makes us extremely comfortable with taking on these type of contracts and I would say that generally for all the contracts that we take on, we typically beat the curve and our objective going forward is to continue to beat it by a wider margin.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah. Generally, LSTK contracts have improving profitability over the course of the contract and there are some mobilization prospects. They're not really significant unless they are huge contracts, like for instance the once we are currently mobilizing for in Saudi Arabia. But I would say that the profitability isn't necessarily linked to the mobilization. It's more linked to the fact that your drilling, I would say, curve improves as you build more wells and as I was saying in the earlier question, our goal and what our drilling system is going to enable us to is to basically fast forward on that experience curve. So our well number one isn't going to have the traditional performance level of a graphical well number one. We want to start way down the line, which means that profitability should be much higher in the early parts of these projects as we go forward compared to what they were in the past, but still be able to improve over the course of the project.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah. Bill, I think it's a bit too early to make a straight commitment on this, because there are still some forces playing in opposite directions, right, but there are some startup costs, there are some repositioning costs. We've got to work through some of the pricing concessions that we have been giving - given in recent quarters. So I still think it's too early to give you a straight commitment to what sort of sequential incremental margins are going to be in the coming couple of quarters. We stand behind the 65% as we get into steady state growth in the international market. We're going to require some pricing tailwind to get there, but we stand behind that, but I think it's a bit too early to say what the incrementals are going to be, say, into Q2 and Q3. Other than that, they should steadily improve and we have very clear plans in place, enormously getting pricing traction, leveraging performance based contracts and then starting to fully capitalize on the sustained investments we've made in transformation program. So, I think we have all the ingredients there. It's ready to be, I would say, capitalized on, but I'm not going to give you a number say for Q2 and Q3 as of yet.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. I think it is. There is a little bit of color on that. If you look at these, we see solid revenue growth in both drilling and pressure pumping. We're going to work through as usual the kind of a breakup in the second quarter. In the international market, we continue to see the trends that we saw in Q1, strong performance in Middle East, Russia, North Sea. Asia is basically joining that list now and it's slight upside in Asia. But then a bit more limited growth in Africa and Latin America, right. So assuming that the softer pricing and utilization in North America land pressure pumping doesn't really carry into Q2 and at this stage, we don't think it will, then I will say that the current EPS consensus is pretty much in line with how he see.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah. It's a bit easier to do it, down to the specifics when you look at geography, right. I would say, overall, I see very good growth potential from all four groups. You mentioned production, yes, absolutely. I think with the investments we made in frac capacity and vertical integration and the way we set up in North American land now, I expect that North America will be a strong driver for production group growth, but as well we have obviously a significant business globally as well, strong fracking activity in the Middle East and Argentina as well as other parts of the business that will contribute. Drilling as well, these lumpsum turnkey contracts, our key revenue and bottom line drivers. D&M is obviously the, drilling and measurement is the main driver of the performance of these projects, but all the other drilling segments have a role to play in it as well. So still a very good growth potential for drilling. On the characterization side, our exit out of the Western GECO acquisition business will have an impact on top line progression this year, but from a bottom line side, this should actually be quite accretive to a characterization of operating margins and both wireline and testing is kind of still operating around the close to the bottom of their cycle, mainly because their exposure to the exploration market has not seen any recovery yet, but there are some small signs of improving exploration spend relating to building in 2018, which should enable them to I think to grow as well. And on the Cameron side, we're seeing strong performance from the short cycle businesses and I think we're getting close to the trough of both the booking revenue and margins for the long cycle business. So again, upside there as well. So I think it's a bit more general, what I can say on the technology side, but I would say very good growth potential in all the four groups.
