Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you, Stephane. Thank you for this clarification. So ladies and gentlemen, I think we will open the floor for Q&A at this point.
Olivier Le Peuch: Sean, we have been -- on a continuous basis, we have been using bonds to refinance the maturities that are upcoming. I think we need -- as you heard Stephane today, we have two new bond that were issued during the first quarter in euro that were swapped back to dollar. And I think we had done that all along as part of our program and this was reviewed during the finance committee and there was an envelope agreed and approved by the board going forward to refinance a large amount and go after the bond market to address those. And we are confident with the current investment grade we have that we’ll be successful in tapping in those markets. 
Olivier Le Peuch: Angie, good morning. So first I think I’ll stay quite generic in the statement I would make on purpose, because I think there is a lot of uncertainty into the level of outlook activity wise in the second half of the year. We are starting to understand where the quarter will land this quarter in North America and we are taking actions to address and right-size organization and I talked about 40% to 60%. So, you can understand that the organization will be adjusted towards that end. And I think it will affect more or less across all product lines. OneStim will be certainly rightsized on the high end of that framework. And we certainly have to execute faster the strategy of right-sizing or scale-to-fit as we call it, and when talking about the structure costs and the fixed structure costs, that's where we'll put some effort to make sure that the restructure and the fit-for-basin and the hub concentration we are putting for OneStim in the next few months will be addressed first and foremost in parallel with the variable cost action that we're taking.  So North America is fairly clear because activity’s direction and drop of activity is already well understood. Internationally, I think it varies a lot from one geography to the next. And there is still a lot of uncertainty, partly with regard to the decision by the national company to cut -- the extent to which they will cut or not. So we are more prudent in our approach internationally, but we are as well executing there and doing both the structure -- fixed structure and as well as variable in the coming weeks. So to give you a number, I don't think there's a number we can quote. The number will keep evolving, but it will be likely to be in excess of $1 billion to just talk about compensation going forward on an annual basis. And this number will certainly change as we go forward.  So all-in-all, we continue to follow the curve, as we call it, albeit this year it's steeper and evolving faster. And we're addressing both the fixed and the variable as we have done in previous downturns. 
Olivier Le Peuch: So Kurt, I think the reason why we have such a margin decline is due to two factors. The first is the fact that we had a severe top-line decline of 20% sequentially. That's unusual but it was on the low side of what we -- on the high side, what we typically see seasonally. And I think there are decrementals associated with this.  Secondly, there were a few disruptions during the quarter that added to the cost that could not be recovered during the quarter. And third and maybe the most important one I think is that the decision by the operator to start to tighten purse in the later part of the quarter did impact, what is typically making the quarter -- in the first quarter which is the sales of multi-client license, license sale and also the discretionary software.  So the Q1 is typically a low quarter for margin in Reservoir Characterization, seasonal effect. But this was compounded by the severity of the curtailment of spend in the latter part in the last six weeks of the quarter that’s impacted what typically contributes positively to our Q1 quarter or any quarter which is the end of the quarter sales for software or for multi-client. So, we expect this to continue indeed, however, we expect the seasonal effect to recover somewhat, albeit the exploration budget will be lower by about 40% from last year, that's the estimate from our engagement with the customer.
Olivier Le Peuch: There was -- there are two factors that did influence, one positive and one negative in the quarter and one of them will continue. So the negative factor impacted the Cameron margin related to the short-cycle impacting North America declining more than we had anticipated and this decline will continue. We are taking action to maintain or to control the decremental on that aspect. And the second factor was favorable mix in the OneSubsea long-cycle business. So the mix of these will continue going forward. We expect this to be slightly declining in the second quarter, because we see more decline in North America as was clearly highlighted in this call. And the favorable mix of OneSubsea will not repeat in the same magnitude for the next quarter. However, we still feel that the long-term backlog we have in OneSubsea and to some extent in the new award we got in long-lead drilling will support sustaining the margin somehow in the long-term.
Olivier Le Peuch: As you correctly said, Dave, I think there is a lot of moving parts. The rig projection that we’re using as a proxy for future activity, I think keep moving to the right or keep declining, okay? And we have seen that in the recent weeks. I think we stabilize during the second quarter due to the decision that some OPEC+ member will take, the outcome of their commitment will get clearer. But this being said, as we commented before, when I exclude Russia and China, which have a seasonal effect in the second quarter that is favorable, when I exclude that, the decline of rig activity is low to mid-teens, sequential decline of rig in short-term. The variability of that varies a lot. We said at the -- some of the West Africa, Europe and to a lesser extent, Gulf of Mexico are getting more impacted than we will get in some of the land Middle East activity or even China offshore or Australia, or Qatar offshore that will actually go up.  So there's a lot of moving parts, as you said. But generally speaking, there are pocket of resilience that are either linked to long-term gas oil development offshore and onshore. And some of it could be like in Guyana, some of it could be Qatar gas offshore, some of it can be Deepwater Australia or China offshore or could be land Russia. All of this is making a pocket of resilience that we're trying to benefit from where we either have strong or very strong market position such as in Russia and Qatar offshore, for example. And we'll explore it and leverage these in the second quarter, and some of it where we will be trying to position our performance to get the most out of the activity. So that's the mix going forward. So pockets up and down and that will keep evolving. So that’s the best I can share at this moment, Dave. 
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, very good question, Chase. So let me first comment on the way, we did react and we did to act and support our operation, our customers during this period. So we actually put in place from mid-January a full crisis management team looking at all aspects. First, and foremost, looking at the way we're protecting the health of our people and managing the support to logistics, supply chain and manufacturing. And we did that for the last three months now, going to full-scale across all organization. And by doing that, we started to mitigate and understand the alternate path we have for logistics. We set up a second source and/or better understand the risk we were having toward some supply exposure, be it in China or elsewhere in the world. And actually we have no disruption. The disruption we had were related to shutdown, states or government mandated in Malaysia or in Italy that we cannot offset. But aside from this we're actually showing extremely good resilience on the logistics, on the movement of people, as we have a lot of people that are in every country, local and we don't -- we do not depend as much as some of our peers and/or some of the operator on to flying team or international commuter in most of the countries where we operate.  So we had extremely good resilience. We did not let our customer down in any rig mobilization or in any product delivery at this point. So I think our resilience from a multiplicity of channel we have used for the second sourcing and the resilience of diversity and edge we have on our supply and manufacturing, I think has been helping us. Now going forward, you are totally right, and I think we have accelerated our remote operation and automation of some of our operations. In the month of March we had more than 60% of our drilling operation that were using remote operation. So we have been exploiting with success the remote operation by reducing the footprint of people on the rig site having very positive impact on HSE, helping and supporting them remotely with an impact on service quality and providing efficiency and cost that benefit both the operator and ourselves.  So this will continue, will accelerate. We have an excellent platform internally and we have our DELFI platform externally, where our clients are starting to adopt drilling in particular remote operation and automation. This is accelerating as we speak.  Another example, Chase is, as we were deploying DELFI and you have now seen that into the earning press release for Woodside, we were getting the request to accelerate due to the COVID-19 restriction, accelerate the deployment of the cloud based infrastructure so that the asset team, the geoscientists of our customer could work from home and have the full access to their data and to their powerful geoscience application. We're able to deploy and accelerate and with great satisfaction and success and this has been -- used as an example going forward. So yes, it will be a differentiation that we’ll use going forward. 
Olivier Le Peuch: It's difficult to say Chase. I think first, I think it's difficult to judge the magnitude of the number of shut-ins. It will depend how fast and how much there will be an excess of supply going into topping the storage tanks. So I think it depends on the reservoir. It depends on the location. But generally speaking, yes, I think every well at the shut-in, when it’s put back needs to get a bit of well management, scaling and stimulation activity. So that will favor the service activity at large whenever it comes back on the campaign of reservicing those wells and providing intervention and stimulation to make them back flowing at their maximum capacity. So that will indeed be a positive, if I may, effect as we exit this very difficult period and we start to recover the full capacity of the oil-producing fields.
Olivier Le Peuch: As you said, I think the -- we have not recovered far from it, the level of activity we have deepwater before the previous downturn. The deepwater, particularly in the floating -- floater market has been recovering maybe 10% to 20% from the trough, that's about it for the last three years. There was being -- there has been more rebounds, albeit not fully recovered on the shallow water market. So obviously it is big part of our international portfolio as this is key to the industry. How do I see it forward? I think I believe that the deepwater will decline as much as the shallow, albeit I think it will not decline to the magnitude that it had in the last downturn, there is not so much to give, and quite a few large projects that are active today that will continue to operate. So I see both shallow and deepwater declining in the months to come. And I think the indication and the number I shared before double-digit to mid-teens decline sequentially apply to both actually. And I think we will manage it, but I don't think that it will be the same magnitude far from it, particularly for the deepwater.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think a major part of it will come from our exposure in North America where we have made a decision to accelerate the new strategy, scale-to-fit, and also asset-light technology access. That's a major element of resilience in this downturn that will impact positively our way forward. And second, I would say is our digital strategy that I think we have invested into the last downturn to give us the benefit and certainly that will be leveraged with what has happened with remote operation automation. And the combination of executing our asset-light, particularly in North America and any, I would say, high volume basins, and some of it will be in the overseas and Middle East or in China or elsewhere where we will accelerate our technology access asset-light strategy and digital will complement this. So I believe that going forward we will gain better resilience from our exposure and support from digital and asset-light to technology access.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yeah. It's difficult to comment until we -- as I said earlier, we get the better clarity on the second half of the exact mix of international adjustments as well as we get more clarity on when the COVID-19 crisis is getting an exit, a steady exit, so that it will give us a better indication on 2021 outlook. But this being said, and you pointed out yourself, I think there is much less pricing concession to concede in this cycle so that will we get a little bit of a different profile of margin compression going forward. I believe that we will be able to fare better in this cycle -- through cycle our margin compression that we have had in the previous one due to a lesser exposure to price decline for one; two, better efficiency including some element of digital in our ability to operate and flex our operating capacity with the activity. And I would say also possibly a better resilience in some of the markets that we mentioned before where we have a stronger position.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. We are seeing the frac fleet going low, very low. But I think our trough, we anticipate will still be above 100 fleet we believe going forward. Now we will not recover from that going forward. We see some models arguing that the fleet count will go as low as 50 or 60 for the full market. We don't believe this will be the case, at least what we see and the indication we have. And we are aiming to maintain 10 to 15 or 10 to 12 fleet as a minimum operating into that environment and to have them active and deploying them to our fit strategy to the basin we favor and to the customer we believe are recognizing the performance we bring.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. I think at the current assumption with the visibility we have, I think there is a sharp decline. As I said, this quarter is the worst in terms of decline rate that the industry I think possibly would have ever seen in North America clearly and internationally possibly. There will be further adjustments in the second half of the year in some markets, international markets as well as maybe final rounding in North America. But I believe that the most decline is happening this quarter and will stabilize over the summer. So yes, I think the indication we gave I think are certainly helping us to be with lesser decline and more stable environment from the exit rate of Q2 into the second half at this point.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think commenting on -- as I said earlier, giving you guidance on the second quarter from the top-line first is difficult because international markets has a level of disruption, 3% to 5% possible on the rig disruption due to restriction for the COVID-19 combined with some decision on the -- of change of tack with some national company that will have to adapt the new OPEC+ voluntary cuts, it is making the top-line very difficult to predict in the second quarter. And when it comes to the bottom-line, I think the abruptness of the adjustment can be and will be coped with to some extent North America, but the lag into the ability to reduce the cost internationally is not the same due to many factors. Hence, the decremental in the next quarter will certainly be -- not be as good as we have historically done in a downturn. Now through the cycle, I think our ambition is to fare better for the reason I mentioned before. But in the second quarter, I think it will be a messy quarter at large from a activity prediction and our ability to adjust our cost structure or to react and to leverage the opportunity we have also to uplift and get the most when there is an opportunity to upside and there will be upside.
Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you. So I believe with this, I think we need to close. So let me conclude by reiterating some key take away from this call. Firstly, I believe that the company performed well during the first quarter despite a very challenging environment with excellent resilience and performance across operations, particularly in international market and a very respectable financial results, particularly in the cash flow from operation. I feel very proud of the Schlumberger team who have delivered this under such stressful conditions. Secondly, as we were presented with growing uncertainty on global economic outlook and a fast deteriorating commodity price, we acted swiftly, reducing our capital spend program significantly, accelerating our scale-to-fit strategy approach in North America and taking exceptional measure to protect our cash and liquidity for the second quarter and beyond. Thirdly, and after in-depth review of forward-looking scenarios, we decided to adjust the dividend to a new level, as a prudent capital management decision, providing us with the liquidity and financial flexibility we need considering the significant uncertainty in the quarter to come. Finally, as we navigate this unprecedented industry downturn, we continue to prioritize key element of our strategy, namely the capital stewardship initiative to protect the company's financial strength, the fit-for-basin strategy to increase the performance impact in key basins for our customers and create sustainable differentiation. And finally, the acceleration of the industry’s digital transformation to support higher efficiency, efficiency gains in operation for our customers and for our own success. May everyone stay safe and healthy. Thank you for your attention.
Stephane Biguet: For the upcoming maturities, at least in the next 12 months, as I said, we are pretty well spaced and the amounts are quite reasonable. So really what we will do is, our objective is to refinance the maturities with new bonds or if cash permits we will pay down some of that debt to maintain the credit rating that we are targeting. And what we are targeting is really to ensure that we keep a strong investment grade credit in this cyclical environment. So, this will really be the way we will deal with the upcoming maturities, if that answer your question.
Stephane Biguet: Yes, Scott. We indeed expect to see our working capital winding down over the next few quarters as activity reduces. Now the magnitude of that working capital really is dependent on several factors of course, and probably the most significant -- you're asking about lessons learned here -- is the pace of cash collections we receive from our customers. So immediately as we saw the environment deteriorating, we refocused our entire organization on cash collections and you’ve seen the early signs of this through our cash flow performance in Q1. So now, as much as we are working to prevent it, we could see payments being delayed over the next few quarters. But we will keep a very close eye on this.  Now, we may see some offsets to the positive working capital effects from restructuring cash costs as we continue to adjust our structure. But definitely we will see from a normal working capital trend, we will see a release. 
Stephane Biguet: Yes. So on the working capital, you're right. The first year of the previous downturn we did have a consumption from the receivables. And again, we'll try to prevent this. We know the hotspots. And we keep a close eye on it, but it’s -- there are some places where payments can be delayed for sure.  On the D&A, yes, I did say $95 million. It’s pre-tax, obviously, and it's compared to the first quarter of this year. So $95 million, lower D&A going forward from Q1 2020 reference.
Stephane Biguet: I will take that question, Dave. So on the oil price exposure, it's about half of our APS revenue is on fixed tariff on service fee, while the other half has some element of indexation to oil or the gas prices. On that latter part, the good portion is already at the contractual minimum even with the oil prices we had in the first quarter. So the lower oil prices will not make it worse. All-in-all when you take all of these into account, we are not talking about a significant direct impact on our earnings at the lower oil prices of today. So it's not a significant effect.  On your second question regarding Ecuador, I don't think it's really appropriate for me to speculate on what specific customers will do from a payment standpoint. However, our total receivable balance in Ecuador was below 500 million at the end of March. And we received the timely payments during the quarter. So we will be watching this very closely. But, so far, the quarter was in line. 
