Andrew Gould: The biggest contributors in Q4 as opposed to Q3 were still efficiency gains in activity, with some contribution though not huge from increased capacity. So it really was more the results of the restructuring efforts. In terms of price, the Q4 effect was less than the Q3 effect. So it really was the results of the restructuring efforts, much better efficiency and much better utilization that led the improvement.
Andrew Gould: I don't think we anticipate any major return to work in the first half of the year. I think we may see a few rigs come back, but we still think that there are a number of issues that the operators really need clear resolution on, before they are in a position to apply for new permits. And we anticipate that in the second half of the year, the rate of increase will accelerate, but we don't think we're going back to anything like the 33 rigs that we're drilling when the moratorium started in 2011.
Andrew Gould: In 2012, if you're asking do I doubt the future of deepwater Gulf of Mexico? Absolutely not. And I think that our multi-client sales we are very good proxy for the fact that there is still a huge interest in deepwater Gulf of Mexico. But until some of the questions around the regulation and the definition of liability and the definition to what constitutes well containment is settled, it's difficult to know exactly who the client base is going to be.
Andrew Gould: So the project in question was in the Bakken. The owner of the project was a private equity, so therefore we did absolutely everything. We invested service as our share of the investment. Normally, we would have been paid out on the ratio of our services over the balance of the whole project life. But the agreement contained a resolution in case if the owners selling the property, which gave us the same multiple on our invested services cost as the seller obtained on his sale. So what I'm saying is that it is unlikely that these projects get sold very often because it's far more likely that a continue for a long period of time, particularly outside the United States where they tend to be with national oil companies rather than with private investors. But it does demonstrate how well our technology allows the customer to create considerable value in a short period of time, how we can share in it.
Andrew Gould: No. It's something which is providing a new income agreement in Schlumberger, which is not particularly visible yet, it is not big enough. But very satisfactory returns. The only reason you saw this in one quarter was because the operator sold it. And overseas particularly, it's unlikely that operators, particularly as the national oil companies will sell them, so the gain will be spread over the contract life as opposed to come in one quarter.
Andrew Gould: I mean, I don't -- I've been wrong on North America so often Kurt, that I'm reluctant to say too much. I don't think there's a huge risk to activity in the first half of the year. I do think that pricing momentum is going to slow progressively. But at the point where it tips over, I suspect it's going to depend on when the capacity out there is sufficient to address the current activity. And it looks, it's in fact, in the second half of the year, not the first.
Andrew Gould: Well, but for all the reasons I gave to Brad earlier. Firstly, while there's some of the regulations have been defined, some of them haven't, the need for environmental assessments and spill containment capability is on the way but is not yet there and it's not yet, I think, necessarily clearly understood how the operators are going to share that. I think that the operators are not going to commit until they're pretty sure of the framework within which they're going to operate. And I just doubt that for ranked exploration, we're going to get that clarity in 2011.
Andrew Gould: Well, I mean, when we look at -- let me answer you that another way. When we a look at deepwater in 2011, the number of effective rig years added, so this is not the number of rigs added, it's the number of rig years, which is the number of months they're actually drilling, right? It is much is substantially greater than in 2010. And if I leave aside Brazil, where everybody knows the story and you can, to some extent, make your own estimate of how may rigs will actually get added, then I think the most prospective area we're going to see in terms of deepwater exploration in 2011 is West and East Africa. And to some extent, remote Indonesia.
Andrew Gould: We think that the momentum in proprietary seismic outside of the United States is sufficient to absorb capacity, but the lack of the Gulf of Mexico is going to slow pricing. We thought we would get pricing momentum back early this year. We are now thinking that if we do get it back, it's going to be late this year. The big question I think on seismic for 2011 is if there is prospectively a large lease sale at the beginning 2012, then multiclient could be very strong in the second half of this year.
Andrew Gould: I think you have to assume that over time, that you call it geologically. But geologically, what we're trying to do is to drill in such a way that we can identify the place where we want to have completions instead of geometrically completing it because we don't really know where the sweet spots are. We can't classify them well enough to do in other ways. I think that progress is being made. I think that this is going to go faster outside the U.S. than inside the U.S. for the reason that a lot of the environmental concerns and the infrastructure concerns that can be addressed in the North American market cannot be addressed overseas, and therefore, people are going to be a lot more careful. And we, definitely, are seeing that. So over time, yes, I still believe that completions will be designed geologically as opposed to geometrically. And that drilling & measurements will become a tool to reduce the intensity of fracs, but we're not there yet.
Andrew Gould: Yes, I don't think we would include microseismic in that because microseismic is a saltwater service. In other words, it's done after the frac. What we're talking about is services that are rendered before the fact in such a way that you design the completion to minimize the footprint and eliminate the fracs, but inevitably the preparations for the frac can never produce anything.
Andrew Gould: We are seeing a very considerable increase in business associated around the design of EOR programs, particularly in the Middle East. Shell is very active, particularly in Oman in EOR. And the programs that we have with Shell are around services where our capacity to do characterization with downhole tools can be matched with Shell's knowledge of how the reservoir behaves. And I would say that the collaboration at the moment is linked to two very specific services and going forward, we'll see how it goes.
Andrew Gould: Well, to be honest Michael, we have programs and this is what we liked about Brazil, really, as I talked about Petrobras, right? And I mean, in the same we have it with the many others around the world. In this particular case, Shell wanted to make press release.
Andrew Gould: I think it's a little bit of both. I mean, I think everybody noticed that Total made a public statement about the amount of exploration that we're going to do. And when we visit potentially strong exploration GeoMarkets at this point in time, we find customers making a lot of inquiries that they weren't making 3 months ago. So a lot of it will be second-half year. And why is it the swing factor? It's the swing factor because it's the only thing they can ramp up quickly. They can't ramp up big new development projects quickly because the amount of engineering that's necessary. And therefore, the swing factor is exploration, and to some extent, trying to enhance production from existing fields.
Andrew Gould: So firstly, we will review CapEx particularly in the CapEx-intensive segments every quarter. And any CapEx that we authorize in the end of March, for example, will hit the end of the year. If it's beyond that, it's 2012. You have to remember that Smith is not a CapEx intensive business. It was not a CapEx intensive business nearly to the extent that Schlumberger is, so you can assume that the bulk of the increase is Schlumberger not Smith.
Andrew Gould: Sort of the one huge unknown, which is Mexico, right? And if you exclude that, then you have to assume that Russia will be very positive, could be. I don't think that the recent change in the export duty law that was announced a couple of days ago will have a great deal effect in 2011 because most of the guys have fixed their budgets already. Then I think you have to assume that places like Peru, Colombia, Ecuador, Land Brazil, where you have a lot of new independent operators. That we will see a recovery in what was a very weak North Africa in 2010. Weak, as you know, for a number of reasons, but we should see some recovery this year until the extent that the oil price is higher, then it will be that much better.
Andrew Gould: I will mention 2 obvious ones. Yes. If you look back into the 2004, 2007 cycle, the only country in the Middle East that substantially increased its oil production was Saudi Arabia. And I think the Saudis feel that it's time the neighbors do their bit.
Andrew Gould: I think that the service intensity is such that absent the collapse in the oil price, because the collapse in the gas price we basically have already. Absence the collapse in the price that there will be a normalization but not a total collapse. In North America I'm talking about.
Andrew Gould: The fourth quarter is traditionally not a great mix in the Middle East because of the Artificial Lift in completion sales, which obviously have lower margins than our measurement technology. I think that international margins, bidding international markets on large developments will remain for comparable technology extremely competitive because everyone wants to grow overseas. But the higher the oil the price is, the more people are in a hurry, the more exploration they do, the more that we are going to be able to upgrade our technology sales. And if you remember, I think, I said publicly on several occasions that we actually did slow technology introduction a little bit in 2009, 2010 because we felt that the pricing environment was not such that we could realize the full value. I think you will see in 2011 and 2012 the rate at which we introduced new technology, particularly towards the end of this year and even most importantly in 2012, it's going to increase considerably.
Andrew Gould: I don't think, well -- IPM tends to be a huge project or nothing. So is the dollar volume of projects on which we're bidding are much higher? It's much, much higher. But actually how many deals we will land, and what effect it will have an 2011 is very difficult to put a number on. So I've absolutely learned, no doubt we will land a couple of big deals, but I suspect they're more likely to be significant in 2012 rather than 2011.
Andrew Gould: Well, we don't give guidance, Bill, as you know. But we won't be as totally surprised if the earnings, EPS in Q1 is lower than in Q4, because of the seasonality of both the Russian market, which you know is very large for us. The weather effects of the North Sea and the absence of the sales, the product and software sales that we have been known for. And the big number there, of course, is that Q4 is always the highest quarter for multiclient seismic, and which did extremely well, and Q1 will be much lower in, of course, Mexico.
Andrew Gould: Bill, we will give you a full update on revenue and cost synergies at Investor Day in Boston in February, Bill.
Andrew Gould: You cannot be talking to the same NOCs as I am, David, because without mentioning names, we see considerable urgency and worry, which is reflected in, for example, in a lot of exploration work that we're doing in one country. And the fact that we are heavily participating in the gas development in another country, so I don't know where you got your information though. I don't see it at all, that way.
Andrew Gould: First, you going to have to identify the share losses for me because we don't see them. We don't make press releases every time we win a contract. And it's not -- the spectacular announcement that we made had been in markets where we didn't participate very much anyway. So we don't see any significant share loss across the Middle East and in fact, in one or two of the new programs we see significant share gains.
Andrew Gould: I was very careful to say in the commentary that the principal activity in unconventional gas, not shale. Unconventional gas in the international market for the next year or so is going to be in tight gas that is low permeability formation. That is pretty general across the Eastern hemisphere, particularly in North Africa and Middle East, to some extent in Russia. And coal-bed methane, which is essentially Australia. The international shale gas activity, which is going on at the moment can be classified very much as exploration activity as opposed to development because, as for the reasons I mentioned before, there is no way that the overseas people can mobilized the land or the infrastructure or the environmental constraints the same way as in the United States. And therefore, they're going to be much more careful before they go into full scale development. And in terms of unconventional gas develop -- or shale gas exploration overseas, we have a very high participation. The essential places where this is taking place at the moment are Poland, Argentina, India, Algeria and China. And tight gas would be the Middle East, and Russia, and to a certain extent, North Africa.
Andrew Gould: Look, you're not going to get me to say the international market is going to go to the same fracing solutions as the U.S. because they won't. Yes, it's drilling and evaluations at the moment. Fracing will always be a part of it and therefore, fracing is important once they've done their D&E to see how these wells are actually going to flow, but it is not going to be on the scale of the U.S.
Andrew Gould: I've always said that it doesn't depend on the capacity. It depends on the rate of acceleration in activity. Therefore, the significant pricing traction in services that all the principal oilfield service companies can provide to take place would require a much greater activity increase that we see at this point in time. And I suspect that if it does happen, it's going to be because oil prices are sustained roundabout $90 to $100 into 2012.
Andrew Gould: Yes, it's been meaningfully below the normal. And therefore, the acceleration in the rate of which we introduced will be a meaningful increment.
Andrew Gould: No, it's a little high. For the oilfield services industry. But, in fact, if this is a very -- has been difficult area because everyone puts their own metric on what they call new technology.
Andrew Gould: I think the there is -- in my mind, there is considerable uncertainty around how the PEMEX budget gets spent in 2011. I don't think it's necessarily going to be exactly what was laid out. And therefore, we remain very cautious on the overall level of activity in Mexico. We think it will be good in the South. We think there'll be some improvement offshore. But as far as the North is concerned, we were quite reluctant to be anything, other than very conservative. In terms of the performance contracts, the only ones that have been let out so far is so small, that I don't think they are great interest to us and possibly not the other service companies. I think the first wave will probably go to local Mexican companies. And obviously, we will be bidding with local Mexican companies to provide the services necessary to execute the contracts. I think that the first wave is to test the system and the really interesting ones will come later.
Andrew Gould: So on Iraq, our revenue in the fourth quarter was closer to $50 million than $10 million. We have three rigs drilling for BP. We are currently mobilizing three rigs for Exxon Mobil. We are providing services to a number of other customers on a callout basis and on a discrete basis. We have inherited some business from Smith in Kurdistan. So we will have further start up cost in Q1, but we are optimistic that we will break even in Q1, be profitable in Q2, and we will, with careful contract management, have an ambition to be in double-digit margins by the end of the year.
Andrew Gould: Russia? Western Siberia will have a better year. Sakhalin will have some slowdown because basically one of our customers is doing a six-month rig move. And the rest of it, Eastern Siberia I think we'll continue to see some good exploration and development in some of the new fields. So overall Russia will have a better year than it did in 2010. But not a gangbusters year because of the slowing in Sakhalin.
Andrew Gould: Well, the answer is all over. And actually, again, I would much rather that we gave you a comprehensive update at the Investor Day in February, and then, piecemeal stuff now. But synergies are all over.
Andrew Gould: I think that the best proxy for the growth rate going through the year is going to be the rates which you see offshore rigs either coming in the service as new builds or being contracted after the existing fleet. Because as I said in answer to an earlier question, we could see a lot of inquiries but the rigs don't yet have contracts, so it's likely to be second-half.
Andrew Gould: I was extremely confident last year until Macondo. Macondo, as I said before, put significant delays all over the world, not because people abandoned programs, but because everybody wanted to check their rigs before they proceeded. We think most of the Macondo delay is behind us, outside the United States. And that the number of rig years from new builds in 2011 is significantly higher than in 2010. So my confidence level is the fact that I hope to God we don't have another Macondo, and the fact that -- so that the inefficiencies that came overseas because of Macondo has been absorbed. And because the number of new deepwater rigs as being added is higher this year than it was in 2010.
Andrew Gould: No, because of the heritage Smith. The other thing, Geoff is that Simon will of course be gradually restructuring throughout the year in such a way that we tried to minimize the effect of the fact that Smith is a U.S. It is very difficult for him to predict exactly what the tax rate's going to be this year.
Andrew Gould: We still have upsides certainly through the first quarter. You are probably correct in that for us. Our margins to be considerably better than our principal competitors, we need the [indiscernible] back.
Andrew Gould: We got caught out on the way up by our organization. And we have reorganized in such a way that we understood. We now fairly understand what we're managing and how we're managing it. And you can assume that the true test of the systems that we put in place will actually be on the downside rather than the upside. So without wanting to tell you exactly what we plan, I can tell you that we have a very robust planning system to deal with any rollover in activity in North America.
Andrew Gould: Much more. All right, on behalf of the Schlumberger management team, I would like to thank you for participating in today's call. Julie will now provide some closing comments.
