Paal Kibsgaard: Again, it's a bit difficult to say, but if we just go through the various parts of the international market, we were actually quite pleased with the activity we saw in Q3 in Europe, North Sea in particular as well as in Russia. The Gulf part of the Middle East remains also very solid. And then in addition to that you have Africa and Asia, where we saw basically flattish activity in Africa and we had some small encouraging signs of growth in Asia, while also Latin America was flattish. So, I would say going forward I still think that the markets that would lead is slightly going to be Russia, Europe with the North Sea and the Middle East, but there are some emerging positive signs I would say in Asia. While Africa and Latin America is still looking flattish as of now. So, early to say, but for all markets I think we are at bottom and the encouraging signs as I mentioned in the prepaid remarks is that the number of FIDs overall this year is up by about 50%.
Paal Kibsgaard: Lag on activity, but it's a positive sign as well as our tendering activity, which is also up in total contract value this year by over 50%. So, there are really encouraging signs to be seen.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I mean as always every contract bid any part of the world is competitive. And there is still pricing pressure and pricing challenges for all the new contracts we bid, but I would say the downward trend of pricing is slowing significantly, which I think is in line with the fact that we see activity having bottomed and is probably starting to head in the opposite direction. So, pricing headwinds at this stage is not a huge issue for us in the international market.
Paal Kibsgaard: Right, so, for the Q4 outlook, we generally expect the continuation of the underline trends that we’ve seen in the third quarter, moderated somewhat by seasonality. In North America land, we do expect to grow but I think the growth rate will slow, partly due to the flattening rig count, partly due to the fact that we have deployed most of our frac equipments and also the pending holiday season. So, I would say that some growth in North America land, but obviously not the same rate as what we've seen in previous quarters. And the international market we expect some modest growth in both EMEA and Latin America, but due to the winter seasonality likely a decline in ECA. I think also year-end sales this year will be low there is no real indication of anything significant. So if you look at the Q4 consensus as it stands today, it is potentially on the high end, but I think is a good target to work towards.
Paal Kibsgaard: Obviously performance based drilling contracts has been established on lands quite a long time. And we see that the next I would say area that this will start growing is in shallow water. If you want to drill performance based, you need to have a pretty good handle on the subsurface and the drilling rigs. And given the drilling activity that you had historically on shallow water, this is again why we see this as the next horizon that these contracts will take on. So in terms of customers, we have a range of customers who are already pursuing performance drilling contracts offshore on shallow water. The main thing is that these contracts traditionally has not included the rig. So what we're seeing now is several customers are trying to bring the rig into play. And our rationale for investing in Borr is generally to get closer to one of the rig providers to try to drive this new behavior and establish performance contracts including the rig. Now our relationship with Borr does not preclude us from having similar relationships with all the other jackup providers. And we have engagement and discussions with several of them to do exactly the same there. So I would say it's a growing interest from the customer base. We have a several key customers who are already well advanced in trying to establish this and the main thing is that we need the rational drilling company and all the other well construction related services on the rig together with the rig provider to come together and establish a contracting framework that is benefitting all parties involved. And I think that's what we are trying to drive to our initial investment in Borr.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I think it’s fair to say that several key customers, I think are happy to never see rig day rates again, if they can get the entire drilling package, including down hole and surface on to performance based, I think that would be a benefit both for the customer and for the service companies involved.
Paal Kibsgaard: First of all, Cameron was always a well-run company. And I think, what we’ve done is, we’ve brought in to our overall global organization and manage to take a well-run company, and together with what we can offer on this make one plus one equals three, that’s the whole idea behind it. So, if you look at the various product lines of Cameron, obviously OneSubsea we have been involved with for a number of years already, and the momentum of that part of the business was already quite strong, when we took full ownership of Cameron. I think you’ve seen in terms of tender win rates and the margin performance that the whole thesis behind what we try to achieve with OneSubsea is really working. On the drilling side, it’s obviously a significant lull in the market, where Cameron drilling which was to a fair extent focused on the offshore market has seen a significant reduction in activity, but they’ve done I’d say an outstanding job in redirecting the portfolio and the capability set towards supporting our rig of the future efforts. And they’re in the process of finalizing all the surface rig equipment packages as well as being more focused on the BOP side for land rigs as well. So I think we’re really working very well together with the Cameron drilling side and rig of the future project to drive performance there. On the surface side, obviously the closer tied to our frac business, where we’ve ramped up significantly in U.S. land over the past couple of quarters is a very good synergy and benefit. And I would say on surface international, there are some core very good markets for surface in the international market, but at the same time, there are number of countries and huge markets for the rest of Schlumberger, where there is very limited presence of surface and we’re obviously attacking these as we speak. And finally on valves and measurement as well, very good, I would say synergies and performance up towards what we’re doing with the early production facilities and Cameron processing overall. So, I think, all of the product lines are performing very well. I’m very pleased with the management capabilities of Cameron and also how they are very seamlessly integrating with the rest of the organization.
Paal Kibsgaard: To answer the last part of the question first, yes, within what is agreed with our customers, we can use this to market it. Again that’s partly the background for Patrick’s comments today and we’re quite pleased with the performance of the project and the collaboration we have with SM Energy. So I would say that looking at the North America market SPM has an opportunity set in North America for sure. And I think both SM Energy and the talks are clear examples of that. Now the benefits we have in the North America land markets that we might not see in other land based fairly commoditized market is that scale really matters. So while we obviously we will look at SPM opportunities in North America getting scale behind our activities whether this is on frocking or drilling is also something that will help us perform better in these markets. But we are pursuing SPM in the North America land market as we indicated in our conference call in July.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes absolutely, because I think what we are doing in these projects we can provide to other companies whether that is all the way from standalone products and services, consulting services, it could be also integrate and drilling services all the way up to SPM. So the main thing is the methodology and the principles of how we go about developing these reservoirs. And we are happy to engage with our entire customer base in the range of business models that we offer. 
Paal Kibsgaard: No that's fair. But I mean we are there to serve our customers. And if customers belief that they can do a better job without us then we will obviously try to engage with them and ensure them what we can do, but if their conclusion is that they can do it in a different way than we don't want to have an argument about that. I think there are plenty of customers who are open to kind of listen to what we do.  Some of them might be doing similar things already, in which case they may not need us. But I think there is a still a significant part of the customer base in North America land where we can have an impact. And that's what we pursuing.
Paal Kibsgaard: Generally this quarter we have just continue to deploy along the frac calendar that we've already had established. Now there is as you continue to push pricing and as you know some companies perform better or worse, there is always a flux around what service company works for what customer. But generally we have been executing and implementing the targeted deployment plans that we already had established. So there hasn't been a huge move around replacing others as of this stage.
Paal Kibsgaard: I won't be able to go into the details of that other than the first priority that we have been working on is to obtain the U.S. Antitrust approval. And we work closely with the DOJ to get all the information to them that they require to make their decision. And we are optimistic that we will get the U.S. Antitrust approval during the fourth quarter. And as you mentioned, there are some ancillary agreements that we still need to work through with Weatherford. These agreements were all identified and laid out as we initially sign the deal. And we hope to be in a position to finalize these discussions and basically get all the agreements done by the end of the year. So going into any details of what those agreements cover and what we're discussing, obviously I won’t be able to do that.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes the rationale behind the EDC transaction is exactly as we said or described it for Borr, this obviously happens to be on land in western sub-areas as oppose to shallow water, but it’s exactly the same thing. It’s about driving drilling performance through our down hole drilling technology through the rig technology, but also through the entire one drill system including DELFI as I described earlier in the prepared remarks. So, the rationale is exactly the same. In terms of where we stand, we’re currently working through the requirements from the various Russian regulatory authorities, providing them with the information that they need to assess the application that we have to get antitrust approval. And I think the process there is moving along. We remain optimistic that we will get the ultimate approval, but our job at this stage is to provide the authorities with information that they need so that they can make their determination and their final decision. But, we remain optimistic that we will get this closed.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I will say on the way we’ve always planned to use our cash, the priority is always being to reinvest into the business, into projects and activities that are driving earnings and that are accretive to our returns. Beyond that, we’ve said that we’ll review dividends on an annual basis, and the balancing factor will always be buybacks. Nothing has changed to this effect. And we’ll review dividends in January and we’ll continue to be in the market to buy back stock, but we won’t buy back stock at the expense of not being able to do what we think is right, in terms of driving the growth of the underlying business.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I don’t want to go into what the exact volume is in terms of contract value, but if you look at our win rates, obviously all of these contracts are highly competitive, but I’d say that I’m at this stage satisfied with our win rate. Our win rate in 2017 is somewhat up from what it was in 2016, it continues to be competitive. But we’re looking to balance out the pricing that we put into these contracts, which we will need to leverage for a number of years. At the same time having I would say the contract base and the growth platform we require to be in an optimal position as the international upturn starts. So, overall we’re spending a lot of time making sure that we treat every tendering opportunity with a maximum amount of attention and I think so far we’ve been quite successful in doing so.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think it’s pretty evident that the shallow water is going to come back a lot quicker compared to I would say an overall ramp in deep water activity. So this is again partly while we have our focus on shallow water both from a Schlumberger drilling services standpoint, but also teaming up with the jackup providers like Borr to make sure that we are in the forefront of securing the work on these rigs as they start to ramp up.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I agree hardware is a pretty generic term, but I would say that the current ownership that we have of hardware, I’m pretty happy with it. So, we are not going in to take full ownership of jackup rigs or floaters, we are taking ownership of our own internally developed land rigs. But beyond that we want to have relationships with jackup providers and potentially floater providers. But our focus now is on the jackups, and we have no intentions what so ever of going back into full ownership of offshore rigs.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, the production -- I mean, if you look at what is reported the main impact on the incremental margins sequentially for the production group is what we refer to North America land, where we have had a pretty significant ramp up, both in the second and the third quarter. And this creates inefficiencies internally in terms of how we deploy, how we hire and also how we optimize our distribution network for all the products that we need to get into these operations as well. So, some bottlenecks were experienced in the third quarter, and we are basically working through this now and they should generally abate in the fourth quarter and for sure into the first quarter. So, we’re working through these things and I’m not overly worried about it, but there are some things to be sorted out, which we are actively working on as we speak.
Paal Kibsgaard: I would say in U.S. land it’s generally looking to basically demonstrate what our technology and capability set can generate. So, this is all the way from well placement, drilling efficiency, frac placement and also overall how we complete these wells. So, it's most of these things we have generally talked to all our customers about already.  The main thing is the ability to put this together into consistently delivering top quartile wells, which I think we’ve demonstrated through the example that Patrick descried today with SM Energy. So we’re just looking to be more of that and that could be in the form of SPM, but like I said earlier to be in any form of whatever contractual engagement our customers are looking for.
Paal Kibsgaard: All right, thank you very much. So, as usual I would like to close with a summary of the major points that we have discussed this morning. First, we have overall past few years created industry’s broadest upstream technology portfolio. Through the Cameron transaction a series of acquisitions, joint venture and partnerships with smaller technology companies and our own research and development efforts we have created an unparalleled technology platform, which is now ready for broad based system integration. Second, our long held views on the oil market are now being reinforced by data points that make us increasingly positive on the outlook and recovery for our global business. And last as the global E&P investments start to recover Schlumberger is uniquely positioned to outperform based on the strength of our technology portfolio, the capabilities of our global organization and the quality and the efficiency of the services we provide to our customers. That concludes our call for today. Thank you.
Patrick Schorn: Yes, so clearly we are very pleased that are in a more positive situation around the whole payment issue in Ecuador that has been largely resolved. Activity wise we expect to be fully focused again on maximizing production. And it is correct that we have had a change in the tariff, but it continues to be one of the heartlands of SPM that we have and where we have a business that we're very pleased. So we continue to have all the technical resources focused on improving the production levels as much as we can and where we're quite pleased with the opportunity that we have both the renegotiations in Ecuador. 
Patrick Schorn: I mean obviously there is number of deals that we have announced depending on which particular project you look at whether there is production are not obviously the investment profile and whether or not that is generating cash from day one is quite different. Overall it is a business that we see growing and therefore we intend to continue to invest in it. So you should see a -- still an increase in SPM spending and it's all going to be a question of how many deals we do. I think that is important to keep in mind that we've obviously seen quite a few SPM deals continue in the last few quarters, it is unrealistic to believe that we are going to keep at this very high rate of deals continuously going forward, it is not necessary.  So, what you will see as well is that as time progresses more and more of the projects are actually going to be generating their own cash flow. So, that is really the way that we see it going forward, it is a growing business and we'll continue to invest, it really depends a little bit on what is the total makeup of projects that we have finally in ‘18 and we're still working on doing a few more before this year is over.
Patrick Schorn: I think it is reasonable to expect that it is going to be somewhat higher. I don't want to give you a number right now.
Patrick Schorn: Yes, so there is wide variety of things that we look at when we are taking SPM projects on. It is clear that we have had traditionally a fairly strong concentration in Latin America, which we wanted to make sure that we get a more global coverage, more in line with the overall footprint that we ask and where we see the opportunities. I think it is very clear that the way we invest in SPM is also related to where we have the strong footprint and where we have some excess capacity. Because one of the key things that we do in most of the projects that we take on is that we are investing in kind, meaning we are using our services to invest and get -- and earn a certain equity in the project. The bigger of a footprint that we have in a certain place the better we can use that to at a very efficient rate invest through our own services. So going forward, you should see us to more of a coverage of SPM projects around the world that is in line with our overall footprint and where we have largest Schlumberger operations, it is likely to have SPM opportunities as well. Now, going back to how we always have described SPM opportunities, it is the field that we are looking at where we are having an opportunity to do something different than what the current customer or owner of that field is doing. So, there is got to be a technical angle in which we see that we can improve what is currently being done. And we see opportunities today in just about every area, we see them in the Far East, we see them in the Middle East, we see them in North America. So, there is plenty opportunities at this moment and I would say think about more of geographical match where the Schlumberger footprint see us go a bit more into gas and I think that is probably the best way of describing it.
Patrick Schorn: So clearly, as I’ve described that we’re continue to be very happy with what we have and I think that maybe the most important to take out of the commentary and how we describe the impact is that the tariff that we’re having on Shushufindi still fully makes the returns and margin that we expect from an SPM project. So, that is probably as close as I want to get in giving you a bit color around the reduction that we have seen there. It is a project that we’re pleased with and it fits very well within our portfolio.
