Simon Ayat: Thank you, Malcolm. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in this conference call. Second quarter earnings per share from continuing operations, excluding charges and credits was $1.15. This is an increase of $0.18 sequentially and is $0.14 higher when compared to the same quarter last year. During the quarter, we completed the wind down of our operations in Iran and as a result we have now classified this business as a discontinued operations. All prior period amounts have been restated. As previously disclosed, we completed the formation of our OneSubsea joint venture with Cameron prior to the end of the quarter. We recognized $1 billion gain in connection with this transaction which equates to $0.77 in terms of EPS. We also recorded $0.26 of charges relating to the impairment of drilling related equity investments. From an operational perspective, we had a very strong quarter. Oilfield services second quarter revenue of $11.2 billion increased 5.8% sequentially, pretax operating income increased 15.9% sequentially while the pretax operating margin improved 178 basis points to 20.4%. Sequential highlights by product group were as follows. Reservoir Characterization revenue of $3 billion increased 9.6% and pretax income grew by over 25%. This resulted in margins improving by 380 basis points to 30.1%. This growth was driven by very strong performance in both Wireline and WesternGeco combined with the seasonal rebound in SIS software sales and maintenance. Drilling group revenue of $4.3 billion increased 4.4% and margins improved by 97 basis points to 18.7%. These increases were largely attributable to the Drilling and Measurements and M-I SWACO on robust international activity. Production group revenue of $3.9 billion increased 4.4% while the pretax income increased 12.6%. This resulted in margin expansion of 116 basis points to 15.9%. Growth was led by Well Services as a strong performance internationally and in US land more than compensation for the impact of the spring break-up in Canada. Completions and one intervention were also significant contributors to the growth. Now, turning to Schlumberger as a whole, the effective tax rate excluding charges and credits was 23.3% in the second quarter compared to 23.8% in the previous quarter. We continue to expect the effective tax rate for the full year of 2013 to be in the mid 20s, hwoever, this can vary on a quarterly basis due to the geographic mix of business. Yesterday, our board of directors approved the new $10 billion share repurchase program to be completed at the latest June 30, 2018. Our strong projected cash flow over the next five years allows us to increase the level of share buybacks while also maintaining enough flexibility to continue to take advantage of growth opportunities. Let me take this opportunity to remind you how we manage our cash flow. Our first priority is to reinvest into the business to drive growth. We do this through CapEx and the investment we make in R&D and future revenue streams. From a dividend perspective, over the past 10 years, we have increased our dividend on average by 13% per year. We will continue to review this on an annual basis with our board. After that, we will continue to be strategic when it comes to M&A, then the balance will be spent on stock buybacks. For the first six months of this year, we have generated $3.4 billion of cash flow from operations. Net debt at the end of the quarter was $5.6 billion as compared to $5.3 billion at the end of the first quarter. Significant liquidity events during the quarter included $906 million of CapEx, $600 million payment to Cameron for the OneSubsea transaction and $500 million of stock repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $6.84 million shares at an average price of $73.7. CapEx is still expected to be approximately $3.9 billion as compared to the $4.7 billion we spent in 2012. Now, I will turn the conference call over to Paal.
Simon Ayat: I would like to add a bit to what Paal said. The last couple of years since the acquisition of Smith, you probably noticed that the working capital as percentage of our sales has gone up a bit. This was all planned. As a result of expanding certain segments or product lines of Smith internationally, which are more inventory intensive segments or products line, we had to increase inventory to meet the expansion that we have done internationally. One of the main reasons for acquiring Smith and integrating it with the rest of Schlumberger is also to use the footprint of Schlumberger, which meant that some of those segments that were mainly U.S. focused we took them overseas and therefore an increase in inventory. We have managed to do this now and going forward we will not have to increase it at the same pace that we have done before.
Simon Ayat: Well, whether Q4 is going to see the same as last year, I think it's just too early to say. Obviously, as WTI ticking up a little bit over the past month or so could be a positive preventing that from happening, but I still think it's too early to say what will happen in Q4. Our overview on the second half of the year U.S. land is, I think rig count is going to remain relatively flattish, but drilling efficiency is going to be the main activity driver, again generating reasonable growth in stage count, sequentially. Looking at Canada, we expect the H2 rig count at this stage to come in or the recovery in the H2 rig count to come in lower than 2012. While the stage can be expect to be more or less flat with last year. Then, again, continued strong activity in terms of offshore Gulf of Mexico, both shales and deepwater.
Simon Ayat: Well, the Eurasia deal is part of our business and it's important part of our business in Russia, but it is only part of it. We have significant other activities both, on land and offshore both, in Sakhalin, in the Caspian, in the Barents, in the Arctic, so we are very well diversified in terms of both, customers and regions that we operate in Russia and that's why I think we manage to sustain very high growth rates.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think if you look at what enables to show differentiated margins, I think its several things. Firstly, our ability to execute very well on land, whether that is on drilling or on pressure pumping but also the fact that we have a very well balanced portfolio in between drilling and production related activities on land as well as in between land and offshore. So we honestly have a very strong offshore business both rig related as well as seismic but what we have done in recent years is, starting off in 2001 was to restructure the business on land which in previous years, I would say, had underperformed and through that restructuring, I think, we are performing on par with the best if not better in most of our product lines. So if you look at the trends of drilling, in the North America land market now going towards more and more horizontal wells, predominantly focused on liquids, all our drilling segments obviously benefit from that. At the same time, our pressure pumping business through new technology deployments such as HiWAY are also benefiting from this. We also introducing to the market our own multistage completion technology, which has been a gap in our portfolio in recent years which also should enjoy quite significant growth going forward. So I think it’s a good balance between land and offshore, good balance between drilling and production on land and overall a very strong focus on execution.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, if you look at our margin performance in international over the past couple of years, I think we have been highly differentiated continuously, right. So I think we have done well in our contracts strategy, what contracts we are prepared to take on and the ones that we see more as must wins. We have continuously introduced new technology and we are also leveraging very well, I think our overall size and infrastructure. So to your question, whether its an inflection, we don’t see any imminent inflection in big pricing at this stage. We are seeing a continuous uptick in another pricing indicator that we track which is revenue per rig. That is continuing to grow and going upwards. That obviously helps our profitability. What drives that up is new technology sales. It is our integration capabilities where we do more and more services and products on each rig and it is also down to the nature of the work that we take on. Typically take on the more complex and more intense work, because it is more difficult to do. If you perform well in that, that also is quite accretive to margins. So bid pricing, we still don’t see any imminent inflection but we continue to drive revenue per rig upwards through new technology, through integration and there's very solid execution.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. So, we highlighted going into the year five major growth regions, right? So, we said that international would grow north of 10% this year. We would see growth in Latin America, but due to the kind of transitional nature both, in Mexico and Brazil as we indicated earlier in the year, we weren't expecting a lot of growth coming out in Latin America which is being confirmed and we said that the main growth markets would be Sub-Saharan Africa, Russia, Middle East, in particular Saudi and Iraq, China and Australia. Those were the five main drivers. So, basically and ECA and MEA were the main drivers of growth in international market.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think, in general that's fair. I would say in particular in MEA, we are gaining quite good market share.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, if you look at our view on the [rig count], we are still expecting the total rig count both drilling and workover to reach about 170 rigs by the end of 2013 or early 2014, so the rig count evolution in Q2 was flattish, but it is all about when new rigs arrive and how they are commissioned and so forth, but we are still expecting that we will reach the number that we have indicated earlier roughly by the end of the year or early 2014.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, let me just give you a little bit of background on our view on these production incentive contracts. So, we've been very clear about our interest in production incentive contracts, but we also stress the importance of picking the right project with the right terms. So, we evaluated all the 60s offered in the third in Mexico and based on the very detailed technical and commercially valuations we did, we only fund one field interesting. Now we've been at this field at the price that will give us the returns that we require and that is really factoring in the additional risks associated with these contract terms. The winner bid at a fee close to zero fee per barrel and basically we are not interested in doing that, so we did not win it.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. Well, thanks David. As I mentioned in my remark, that the buyback is basically a balancing number for us when it comes to utilization of the cash flow. You are right in your assumption of the cash flow. That's why we said latest by 2018. So as the cash flow proved to be significantly better than what we have factored in the five year scenario in making the $10 billion program, we will accelerate it. We did this in the past. We look at our excess cash over a period of time, taking into consideration the growth that we are anticipating in terms CapEx and as I said investment in future revenue stream activity, be it multi client or production incentive contracts and any balance will go into the buyback. Yes.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, I don't see any reason for that. I do not think Pemex has signaled that there is a number of bids coming out for the remaining part of this year and probably into next year. We are going to actively compete for all of that work and we continue to see Mexico as a very interesting market for us.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I would say that over the past year when there has been significant struggles in the pressure pumping business, I think we have shown commendable margin resilience and again, as I alluded to earlier, it is down to how we execute on land as well as the balance between land and offshore. So in terms of what the margin progression is going to be, the main uncertainty is still what is going to happen in terms of pricing on land. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we still saw pricing pressure both in the drilling, stimulation and Wireline product lines in the second quarter but that was slowing somewhat in pace. So assuming that the pricing is reasonably behaved and drilling efficiency continues to be the main activity driver going forward, I would expect us to show continued margin resilience and obviously we are looking to drive up margins in any operating areas. I can't promise you exactly how that’s going to progress but we have a lot of focus on margins in every part of our business and we will continue to look drive it up in North America.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think we are still optimistic about the further need to increase overall E&P spending going forward, right? So, we saw the upward revision for the spend survey this year. And at this stage, although it's early to conclude our next year the customers need to go through their planning process, but we are still optimistic about the initial projections for 2014. The resilience in the spend as you say is linked to partly the working intensity linked to fighting decline, but also due to the overall size and complexity of the projects that are undertaking in particular in the international market. So, I think for the company, for E&P companies that potentially are or will be facing cash flow issues, we expect them to be likely to shift more of the spend within the E&P spend from more infrastructure related projects towards more well CapEx. So that obviously will be good for our business, because that's sort of where we make most of our money on, right? So, I think the general shift from infrastructure towards CapEx is where I expect to happen for those E&P companies that are facing cash flow issues.
Paal Kibsgaard: It's a good question. First of all I would say that the overall production increases that we have seen on our North America liquids, they have been very impressive. We always maintained that it's too early to extrapolate the early production trends in terms of how great they see. Also, I think it's too early to conclude on whether the trends we are seeing on the Bakken, is something that is also sustainable, right? For the early production trends, I think we need more information to look at the production of these wells over a longer period of time and I think we also we need to look at the initial rates or the inflow performance for the wells that the operators are started to drill outside of the fairway, right? As they step out on the acreage, so I am going to have to go for option three of your multiple choice there. I think it's too early to say both, while we can extrapolate the initial overall trend from North America or whether there is any significant impact or the recent trend that we see in the Bakken.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think obviously if a customer calls upon us and wants us, generally, we will do utmost to serve them. At the same time, we also have to make sure that we prioritize putting our equipment into the customers that have initially selected us, and if we are going to go on replace the competitor on or their contracts, we obviously need a significant pricing increase from the initial rates that our competitors took the work on for, right? So, and there's also other strategic considerations as to where do we put our capacity while it's a priority in terms of the customer mix this well, so can't really going into the details of how we select, what to do. I would just say that we will always look to serve our customers as best as we can. But at the same time, we are continuing to look at how we optimize our business mix and how we maximize the return from the resources that we have up in operations.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well maybe I will say a little bit about what I think the investment community call self help initiatives, right. So first of all, in Schlumberger we believe that in order to maintain and extend to our market leading position, we always need to do better tomorrow than what we did today. So, company wide programs addressing execution improvements they are not really sporadic or episodic with us. They are a way of life. So we have, in recent years or in the recent year, put more focus on working capital on cash generation. In the past before we had more focus on more cost and resource management to be trying to balance the focus on both cost and resource management with cash management. So we have specific programs running focused on capital efficiency, around receivables and also around inventory management and we build it into our business plans and we also build it into the incentives of the entire management team. So this is really how we try to put focus on it and what we put focus on in Schlumberger will generally do quite well.
Paal Kibsgaard: In terms of specific technologies, let me elevate it and maybe focus in on the product lines. So I would still say we have gained more share in wireline and drilling and measurements. Those are the kind of spearheading segment for these efforts, right. So there is number of new technologies that we have introduced in both these product lines over the past year or two and the uptake of them is good. What we also find now, as you know, we have restructured our engineering manufacturing into same organization about five years ago and this is really starting to pay dividends now because the new technology that comes out, it's performing much better than the initial technologies that came out five or ten years ago. There were lot more teething problems, which we are basically now avoiding. So, the new technology, which is commercialized within its first year, is actually now growing significantly faster than what it did may be five or ten years ago. So, I would say, wireline and drilling and measurements are still the ones again that are gaining the most share.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I don't know who they are gaining share from, because it isn’t us. So I think, we are in the offshore market we obviously already have a quite a high share, but we reference Gulf of Mexico in some of these discussions and we continue to gain share in the Gulf of Mexico and in several of our high end product lines.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I would say there is still significant overcapacity horsepower in the sitting on the sides today, so I don't see that happening in 2013, at least. I think, we are still going to have overcapacity as we exit this year.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, HiWAY is obviously one of them. We use significantly [less] and also generally less water in the operations that we do with HiWAY. The other way of reducing or lowering the intensity of these operations is to use much more of the subsurface approach prior to actually designing the jobs, right? So, having a much better understanding of the subsurface will allow you to design the completion of the well and the amount of horsepower water and pump use by be more selective in which stages you frac and also using more sophisticated frac fluids like HiWAY.
Paal Kibsgaard: Not a dramatic change, but I would say we have. We are starting to get several key customers that we are collaborating much closer with than what we've done in the past and where we engage all the way from characterization to drilling and production and taking a much more sophisticated approach to how we go about working with them on their developments, right? So, it's still relatively slow, but through some of the contracts we won over the past 12 months to 18 months, we have established as part of those contracts, a very strong technical collaboration agreements, which are also benefiting technology penetration.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I can't really comment on that. Forest will release their results I think in a couple of weeks. We'd need to refer you to them.
Paal Kibsgaard: On Spark, we are seeing a reasonable uptake on it. Nothing dramatic which we weren't expecting either. It's mainly focused on customers that are have vertically integrated. They have their own horsepower with very limited capabilities in terms of pumping more sophisticated fluid systems, so we continue to do Spark-related activity, but it isn't a significant part of our business which weren't really expecting either, but it's progressed reasonably well and we are happy with the performance from this. We are mainly doing Spark in North America, but we are also doing Spark in China for some of the frac operations there. The other part of your question in terms of the Forest Oil type of deal, initially as we said when we closed the Forest deal, our main motivation for doing that type of a deal was actually to get a display window for our shale technology capabilities, so we haven't really been actively out promoting SPM or production incentive type of contracts in North America, beyond trying to get that deal done, so we could demonstrate our capabilities for the technologies that we have developed. So, we know other progress or we haven't really even been pushing that model beyond that one deal we struck.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, you are correct. We didn't sign any SPM projects in the second quarter. Our goal of adding two to three projects a year basically stands firm. But again, as I mentioned on my comments on the Mexico bid round, we will only sign the project that we believe are right for us. This is all about portfolio management. It is about picking the right projects, the right fields with the right terms and we have very stringent return criterias in terms of what we will engage in. So, our goal is two to three deal. If we can get the right ones, we will do it and if we can't find the right ones we won't do it. In terms of the impact on the business, it's still relatively a small part of our overall revenue stream, but by picking the right project it is a highly accretive part of our revenue stream and we will continue to focus in on maintaining it as highly accretive.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, in the Gulf, in terms of ongoing operations, we have one Dual Coil fleet operating. It continues to operate in the Central Gulf. It has got a good backlog of things to do there on the multiclient site acquisition. We have an ongoing multiclient late sales business where we had some revenue progression which is seasonal basically from Q1 to Q2. We don't break up what that revenue progression was in a multiclient. You can see what the total is. The total for Q2 worldwide was $250 million, up from $175 million in Q1. So a part of that was North America, but I would say as the general comment on the multiclient performance in North America in Q2, it was below our expectations. We were expecting more sales to multiclient than what we actually realized. In addition to the multiclient business in terms of late sales and acquisition in the Gulf of Mexico we also started of the third-party survey offshore Eastern Canada and this is with isometrics. So those are basically the WesternGeco business in North America.
Paal Kibsgaard: So what we know about the bids coming out is that there are a series of bids. So probably there would be a single service bids, there would be IPM well construction bids and there will probably be more production incentive type of bids coming out as well over the next couple of quarters. So, as I said earlier, we are very interested in the Mexican market. It is going to be very highly competitive. It has always been highly competitive but it's about, as I said before, being able to bid strategically, trying to pick up the right contracts and the right opportunities and having a plan for how you would create value for Pemex and at the same time create value for Schlumberger as we engage in these contracts, right. So I gave you a quick summary of our view on the third run of the FDM contracts and we will continue to evaluate every opportunity for gaining more work in Mexico and will engage in it with a view to make returns for the Schlumberger shareholders.
Paal Kibsgaard: For the marine market, we maintain our positive outlook, which we have basically conveyed over the past couple of quarters, right? The way we see its supply and demand appears to be relatively well balanced. In terms of bookings for Q3, we are basically already fully booked, and also Q4 in terms of backlog is filling up quite well. So, activity wise, things are looking quite good for us. In terms of pricing, in the second quarter, we didn't see any significant further traction in terms of basic bid pricing, but we also track another pricing indicator, which is revenue per streamer and our revenue per streamer was up about 10%, sequentially, and that's mainly at the backend of new technology and the type of service we conduct and also some seasonality effect. That's basically where we stand.
Paal Kibsgaard: We are not breaking out about any individual product line is doing in terms of margins. I can't really comment on that, but given where pricing stands and given the very significant new technology portfolio, we have and just putting into operation both, on land in terms of processing as well as marine, we obviously see margin upside potential for WesternGeco.
Paal Kibsgaard: So we will look at bringing equipment in from what we have apart when we can get the utilization that we require for the overall group and at this stage we are not looking to bring anything back in that we have parked and I don't expect that to happen in 2013.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, nothing fundamental. This is a huge business and there are mixed effects depending on what region grows and there is exploration and development type of mixes even in characterization, but overall I expect the Characterization Group to continue to post very strong margins.
