Stephane Biguet: Thank you, Olivier and good morning ladies and gentlemen. Second quarter earnings per share, excluding charges and credits, was $0.50. This represents an increase of $0.16 sequentially and $0.20 when compared to the second quarter of last year. This also represented the highest quarterly earnings per share since the fourth quarter of 2015. In addition, during the first quarter, we recorded a $0.14 gain relating to the further sale of a portion of our shares in Liberty Energy and a $0.03 gain relating to the sale of certain real estate, which brought our GAAP EPS to $0.67. Overall, our second quarter revenue of $6.8 billion increased 14% sequentially. This represented the strongest sequential quarterly growth since 2010. All four divisions experienced double-digit increases. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates had virtually no impact on the sequential revenue increase. Pre-tax operating margins expanded 212 basis points sequentially to 17.1% and EBITDA margins increased 157 basis points to 22.6%. These increases largely reflect the seasonal rebound in activity, a favorable technology mix, particularly on higher offshore activities and strong exploration data licensing sales in our digital and integration division. Margins also increased significantly as compared to the second quarter of last year. Pre-tax segment operating margins increased 279 basis points year-on-year, while adjusted EBITDA margins increased 133 basis points year-on-year. This margin performance is even more notable considering the inflationary headwinds we continue to face. This demonstrates our ability to manage inflation through our supply chain organization as well as through pricing adjustments from our customers. Let me now go through the second quarter results for each division. Second quarter Digital & Integration revenue of $955 million increased 11% sequentially, with margins increasing 570 basis points to 39.7%. These increases were primarily due to higher exploration data licensing sales, including $95 million of transfer fees. Reservoir performance revenue of $1.3 billion increased 10% sequentially, beyond the impact of the seasonal rebound in activity, driven by growth both on land and offshore. Margins improved 143 basis points to 14.6%, primarily as a result of the seasonal recovery and higher offshore and exploration activity. Well Construction revenue of $2.7 million increased 12%, driven by strong growth and improved pricing both internationally and in North America. Margins increased 134 basis points to 17.5% due to the higher activity, combined with a favorable technology mix and improved pricing. Finally, Production Systems revenue of $1.9 billion increased 18% sequentially and margins increased 190 basis points to 9%. Global supply chain and logistics constraints started to abate, resulting in higher product deliveries and backlog conversion. International growth outpaced North America growth and was particularly strong in the Europe/CIS/Africa area. Now turning to our liquidity, during the quarter, we generated €408 million of cash flow from operations and negative free cash flow of $119 million. Working capital consumed $936 million of cash during the quarter, largely driven by higher receivables due to the significant revenue growth. However, our DSO improved sequentially. Inventory also increased as we continue to manage lead times in anticipation of continuous growth in the second half of the year, particularly in our Production Systems division. Consistent with our historical trends, we expect our working capital and cash flow generation to significantly improve over the second half of the year. During the quarter, we made capital investments of $527 million. This amount includes CapEx and investments in APS projects and seismic exploration data. Although it is reflected outside the free cash flow, our overall cash position was enhanced by the further sale of a portion of our shares in Liberty, which generated $430 million of net proceeds. We currently hold a 12% interest in Liberty. During the quarter, we also sold certain real estate, which resulted in proceeds of $120 million. As a result, our net debt improved by $406 million during the quarter to $11 billion. This level of net debt represented a $2 billion improvement compared to the same period last year. Furthermore, we have now achieved our previously stated leverage target of 2x net debt-to-EBITDA. We expect our leverage to continue decreasing throughout the rest of the year on a combination of higher earnings and improved free cash flow, allowing us to further strengthen our balance sheet. This will provide us with the financial flexibility required to continue funding growth and increased returns to shareholders throughout the cycle. I will now turn the conference call back to Olivier.
Stephane Biguet: Sure. Look, first, as you know, we increased our dividend by 40%, starting with the July payment. So this was a first step in increasing returns to shareholders in this growth cycle. Now, as earnings and cash flows indeed continue to grow over the cycle, we will review opportunities constantly to increase returns to shareholders. And it will be either in the form of increased dividends or share repurchases. We will also see exceptional cash proceeds from our continuous portfolio high-grading program, so this will give us further optionality. We will decide between dividends and share repurchases in due time. Dividend, of course, has to be sustainable, affordable for the long-term, but share repurchases will be part of the equation as well.
Stephane Biguet: Sure. So look, first, let me come back to the second quarter to put some color. Our free cash flow was indeed slightly negative, even though the cash flow from operations improved sequentially. So, as you have seen, it’s all in the working capital. And to give a bit more details, two-thirds of the sequential working capital increase was due to an increase in receivables. But as I mentioned earlier, our DSO improved sequentially. So, really, the increase in receivables is due to the significantly higher activity we experienced in the quarter. Also, the inventory has increased, as I mentioned. We are preparing to fulfill our growing backlog, particularly in our Production Systems division. We mentioned this is the fastest-growing division, so we want to seize all the opportunities there. So, really, the working capital buildup we saw this quarter is to support the accelerated growth we are experiencing. As it relates to the rest of the year, we do expect the same pattern we see every year in the second half, where our working capital gradually improves on higher customer collections. Then we have lower inventories due to higher product sales towards the second half. So, we fully expect our free cash flow to significantly improve in the second half as per historical trends. And clearly, we maintain our ambition to generate double-digit free cash flow margin over the cycle for sure.
Stephane Biguet: So, just – yes. Just to confirm, we are expecting our total capital investments, which include the CapEx, exploration, data cost and APS investments for the full year to be approximately $2 billion. As Olivier highlighted clearly we are seeing higher demand for technology and equipment, mostly in our core service division. This is where the most of the CapEx goes, well construction and reservoir performance. We are recording very strong year-on-year growth, so this is expected to continue. So, we will continue, of course, to maintain discipline in the way we deploy any additional resource, allocating those to the countries and contracts with the best returns in accordance with our capital to framework. So, just one note, the CapEx portion of our total capital investment remains at the low end of our target range of 5% to 7% revenue, and we fully intend to maintain that commitment throughout the growth cycle.
Stephane Biguet: Yes. Mark, sorry. Russia, throughout the first six months of 2022, is actually – is about 5% of our total worldwide revenue.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, first, I want to reinforce that the macro environment we are facing is quite unique. It’s a confluence and unprecedented low spare capacity, 8 years of underinvestment in international basins and a call for energy security that is creating a double sourcing of both oil and gas parts of the international basins. So, when you put that together, it trades not only a short cycle impulse on production enhancements to respond to that energy security, but also reinforce the need for expanding oil capacity, accelerating gas development and the entire set of international basis both offshore and onshore benefit from it, right, as we see. So, we have seen an inflection in the sentiment of our customers, both our national company, international oil company and international independent, to respond to that call and turning and accelerating the investments and rotating their investment internationally visibly. So, this is certainly a multi-leg, I will call it, multi-phase, both oil and gas positive environment forward. So, we have seen that Latin America has been the first to benefit from that inflection and we see that continuing going forward as from Guyana to Brazil to Colombia as a short cycle to Argentina as a shale exposed environment. We foresee this to be continuing, including exploration offshore Colombia, our Atlantic margin in Brazil this is set to continue going forward. We are seeing this to rotate in ECA, as you may have seen, more than offsetting the constraints we have in Russia-Ukraine region and creating a superb undercurrent, as I like to call it and all offshore basins in this region. And we have seen it in very strong in Europe, West Africa and Scandinavia with the unique tax incentive set that will start to be kicking in next year will only accelerate that trend, and East Mediterranean or Black Sea will also see continuous growth going forward. So – and you turn to Middle East and Asia. I think you have a combination of oil capacity commitment increase by both UAE, Saudi, and to a certain extent, Kuwait, that will play out. And well, in the case of KSA, create an uptick in offshore activity partly from next year. You see that the gas that is being developed at large scale in Middle East, both for domestic and for fuel substitution, that will continue to play to our strength in Qatar and commercial in both UAE and Saudi, Oman. And then you have the Asia market. That is also not shy of investments, and you see that long-term into the South China Sea as well. So I think it’s multi-branch, multi-color, I would say, and it has started strong in line, and we will turn to your further ECA, further Middle East with inflection have been materialized as the quarter executed going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, I think you are correct. And I think the number and the rich panels that we are assembling into this digital forum in September, is there for the reason. First and foremost is because the industry believes in digital, that digital can add a significant step-up in efficiency that will continue to impact positively cost cash generation and will contribute to decarbonization of operations. So that’s the reason why we are seeing customer coming in the high number and record number to our digital form. And the second reason we have this success is our thought leadership and platform strategy that has been adopted and that has been the cornerstone of our success in digital, and we are using it to continue to transition all of our customer base towards this cloud platform. And this is a long tail, and this will certainly last all this decade and beyond, and we are looking forward to success, long success here. But also, we are using this platform and the digital capability to continue to enhance our operation, to continue to transform our digital operations, to impact our customers and our operations for efficiency and for performance. So, lifting up through efficiency, lifting up the performance and hence getting a premium or getting an increment of market position. So, it has a dual effect. But the success of digital form is certainly the credit to our team, but also the proof that digital is now mainstream into this industry.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. I think I believe that our team has improved its execution track record. We have, as you may remember, 3 years ago, we took some action on to our underperforming contracts. And we learned and applied some best practice, best lessons and project management to technology deployment and to the discipline in our competency management deployment and use of digital to help us execute this contract in a better way. And from the way we manage the maintenance cycle of our equipment to the way we deploy and do remote operation to control and help and support people on the ground, I think we have progressed a lot in the last few years. And as such, the major contract we are starting always has – have a learning period. But I think we are accelerating this learning period by contrast to previous cycle. And I think we are set for success on all this project before soon. And – but we always have somewhere, somehow, in international basin, in a major project start-up. And – but we expect this to be, I would say, the background that we will have going forward, but our execution, practical lesson learned, use of digital, best practice and disciplined organization, including our competency that we deploy, has helped us to accelerate the lesson learned and to reach maturity in terms of performance, margins on those projects faster than the income second. So I’m positive. And as I said, there is an inflection building up in Middle East activity that will materialize in two or three countries visibly into the second half, and will accelerate next year as we will see more offshore shallow activity partially into the VCC environment in Middle East led by the Saudi oil major development that they are accelerating for oil capacity increase towards their 2027 1 million barrel. This will translate into activity. So further activity increase will materialize, and we will benefit from it. The industry will certainly have a large ramp-up going forward. So it’s the early cycle of growth in Middle East.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, it’s not too soon. In the second quarter, international, offshore was accretive to our growth, International, visibly, and you can see it into the ECA growth. And I think if you read some of the reports published by and others, I think you see that – you see that the outlook for 2022, 2025 on offshore investments and FID activity will outpace visibly at 2016-2019 cycle. So we have early innings of this offshore cycle, but it’s quite interesting. And it includes more exposure or more appraisal activity than we could have anticipated considering the – some of the macro, but we are seeing it from Namibia to Colombia to Asia. We are seeing interesting exploration happening to north of Brazil in the Atlantic Margin. We are seeing acceleration of appraisal and exploration that combined and increase the beneficiary mix, I would say, that we are seeing in offshore environment. So yes, we are very, very close, as we recently commented doing a conference in June. We were – we believe that the average revenue intensity that we collect from an offshore environment is – can be up to 5x or more what we collect in the land environment. And the scope that we have is quite unique from, as you said, from subsea to exploration, from data licensing to integrated rig and well construction. So it’s quite unique, and we will benefit increasingly on that offshore outlook.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, it’s definitively broadening. As activity continues to ramp up and includes an offshore mix that typically has more pull on equipment, considering the backup and considering the length of assignment of this equipment on offshore rigs, this is creating a pinch on the supply capacity that result into a bowling pricing pressure and pricing uplift that we are seeing in all environments, I would say. Both from existing contracts where we have the opportunity to negotiate and offset more than offset inflation as a new tender and/or direct award where customers want to secure future capacity, the want to secure technology. They want to secure performance, and as such, are accepting directly negotiating pricing increments on existing scope. So we are benefiting from this. The pricing environment is definitely broadening and improving. And we believe that going forward, as we see the inflection of international investment that have started to accelerate in the second half as we anticipate second half international rate of growth will outpace the North America rate of growth, we see that to generate more floor and uplift for the pricing environment going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. I think as we have said before, I think there are two, three reasons why we are confident about our margin trajectory earnings power going forward. First is that we had a high grade in our portfolio in North America that’s lifted our margin in North America to deliver that we are comfortable now, that we are competing and accretive. Secondly, we have created a significant reset in our operating leverage less than 2 years ago that is paying up and paying off at the time we are expanding and growing. And third, we believe that a combination of a tight supply already very visible in North America and broadening, as I said, in international, combined with performance, technology performance, integration performance differentiation, is creating a further premium that will fall through to our earnings. So we have a probable mix outlook that includes offshore. We have differentiating technology and integration performance, and we have the foundation, the operating asset that you have done and the high-grading we did forward. So you combine this with the upside that digital brings to this, and you get all in a significant upside that we have in our margin. And we had anticipated 25% EBITDA margin sometime next year, and I think we are still very confident about that target.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think it’s built on multiple units in West Africa and Europe and Scandinavia, to a lesser extent, that has been benefiting from project timing from – partially in the production system that you have seen has benefited from a significant sequential growth. A large portion of it was in Europe. The same in offshore brand, I think we have offshore brands picking up in that region. And this has been very beneficial to us, including some explore into our performance. So you combine all of this, and we have had a fairly substantial growth, and we don’t see this necessarily abating a lot in the coming quarters. So I think we see a lot of further offshore and activity both in Africa, Europe, Scandinavia accelerating, as I said, next year, and that will more than offset the risk we are facing in Russia outlook.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think we commented on this during the last call. And I think it is an event where we invite investors and analysts to update them on our view first on the cycle, our strategy to execute on this cycle, and our long-term ambition we have for the company, building on our core and our digital and our new energy investment that we go forward. So that’s where – and you will see technology, you will see I think an element of our strategy, and we will expose all of you to the view we have on the macro and the long-term ambition for the company.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think – first, I think we are living through a supply-led on that. I think it’s quite unique, and it will take time before it recovers towards a demand supply balance. So, I think the quarters to come will be definitely quarters to be replenishing and securing enough spare capacity to avoid the exposure, the overexposure to risk on the energy supply. And – but you have the undercurrent that is on energy security that is clearing. And double sourcing, that is a new attribute of demand that – and supply, sorry, on supply that is doubling down. So, I think the buffer is pretty wide, in my opinion. And hence, the short-term and some of the risk on the slowing and/or inflection into the demand growth going forward, there is a decoupling and there is resilience into the investment cycle that we are seeing as we speak. So, whether this last, it’s very difficult to say how long it will last. But I think we see that this cycle is stronger, longer and pricier than we had anticipated because of those unique conditions that the security supply has just added a new dimension to it. So, I think there is a lot of space in my opinion.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. What we are witnessing actually is that below the screen, if I may use that expression, is that we are seeing a lot of exploration and appraisal program that has been – that are being initiated with some good supplies that we are seeing in the new frontier. I call it in Namibia, call it in Colombia, all over place. And we are seeing program and support for new exploration in Asia as well. So, yes, we are cautiously optimistic that indeed, the exploration cycle is back to a scale that I think will be accretive to our mix, and will be giving us the unique exposure from our exploration data licensing and/or from our reserve performance portfolio and digital also as we typically have a lot of license and digital solutions that address the explorations, sound workflows. So, we see this as a mix that is accretive to our future, and that is coming a little bit ahead of what we could have anticipated in this cycle.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think first, let me reiterate the guidance we provided. We provided the guidance that revenue will be a full year of $27 million at least, and we provided a guidance that our EBITDA in dollar terms will grow by at least 25% year-on-year throughout from 2021. So, if you use this, you see that it goes up above the current consensus and have been adjusted for the actual bid that we had in the second quarter. So, we foresee a raise in the EBITDA dollar for the full year with this guidance that I just shared.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. This is still our ambition, and I think this ambition is based on the seasonal impact that we anticipate through a particular digital year-end sales that will follow our digital form. And the mix that we believe will be favorable. So, we include international and offshore that are accelerating in the second half. So, this is still the ambition we have set for the team. And this is the reason why we have guided to the 25% of full year EBITDA growth in dollar terms or higher.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. I think what is quite characterize the cycle is the broad nature of this cycle. We see it – we are growing across the four divisions. We are growing across the four areas, and we are seeing this set to continue. So, we see, as I said, a strong inflection in international that will outpace in terms of rate of growth in North America from the second half. We see also offshore, the return of offshore being a characteristic that will only expand going forward. The – if you were to just look at the – in terms of numbers, the number of jack-up big operating in shallow waters is actually on par higher than it has been for the previous cycles, more than 300, and deepwater is starting to catch up. So, I think we have a – we have a mix of signal that are clearly broadening the activity outlook. Hence, if I want to differentiate, it’s more the supply-led and tightness of the market, creating pricing condition that is unique in this cycle in addition to the broad nature of growth across almost all countries in this – in the coming quarters. Positive in all, yes. It’s positive in all dimensions, I would say customers, geographies and division business line. So, that’s what we foresee is unique. And it’s both, it’s production enhancement, it’s some appraisal acceleration, and it’s a development program, both oil and gas.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. As I commented before, it’s broad. It’s happening today and it’s expanding. So, now is it in – for every contract, for every customer, and that’s what we are working on. But the customer understands, the customer realized that the market is becoming suddenly tight. The customer care for performance. The customer wants to secure capacity for their future plan. And hence, we are seeing success into our engagement with all of our customers into a positive response and adjustment of our price in the existing contract or into new contract. Into, as I said, a contract expansion that are negotiated one-on-one and with pricing increments or – and into tender environment where the pricing is seeing it. So, it’s broad, and it will continue to happen. And I think while – a year ago, it was mostly in North America with shops internationally. I would say that it’s very established in North America, and it’s broad now in International across all customers. And yes, some will take more time to materialize and some will face at a later date, but we are confident that the momentum has started and the market will support it going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, I think I would just reiterate what we said earlier and bring a little bit of clarity. But our position is unchanged since we communicated earlier this year at the onset of this crisis, and we have suspended new investment and technology deployment into Russia. However, our structure gives us the flexibility to have operation in country in full compliance with international sanctions. So, at the same time, we continue to monitor the situation very, very closely, very carefully. And we always put the safety of our people and assets as a first priority. So, we cannot and will not comment on the future, but we have taken a disposition to support.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, we have indeed a very strong quarter in D&I due to some very strong data exploration sales. But at the same time, I think we will see indeed the D&I coming back to restoring its usual margin to low to mid-30s and to progress through the H2 to finish on a strong end of the year through the effect of digital year sales as well experienced in previous years. So, while it was very strong, I think it’s still in the 30s, and we expect to keep it in the 30s, if not in the mid-30s going forward. So, we will see the uptick in the end of the year.
Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you, Marc. It’s time to close indeed, thank you. So, ladies and gentlemen, to conclude, let me share with you three key takeaways. Firstly, as our second quarter results demonstrate, our differentiated global market position, our industry-leading performance and our technology portfolio uniquely matched to the market dynamics of this cycle. Secondly, the market fundamentals continue to support significant investment growth in our sector with an anticipated decoupling and resilience against the uncertainty of the pace of future demand growth. At the same time, the market conditions are increasingly supportive of net pricing impact on to current and true-to-contract both in North America and internationally. Finally, our confidence in the activity mix outlook for the second half, particularly the rotation of investment internationally, combined with pricing tailwinds, has led us to revise our full year expectation for both the revenue and earnings growth. This bodes extremely well for our future beyond year-end as we continue to secure significant service and equipment backlog to support our ambition in this up-cycle. Ladies and gentlemen, I believe there is no better time fortunately as we continue to execute with much success, our returns focused strategy and are set to continue to outperform in a market increasingly aligned with our strengths. Thank you very much.
