Simon Ayat: Thank you, Malcolm. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in this conference call. Second quarter income was $0.68 per share. Excluding the charges in prior periods, this is an increase of $0.06 sequentially and flat as compared to the same quarter of last year. During the quarter, we began to see the early effects of the deepwater drilling moratorium in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. The impact of the moratorium on Oilfield Services resulted in a reduction of Schlumberger's Q2 earnings of approximately $0.02 per share. We anticipate the moratorium earnings impact for the second half of 2010 to be approximately $0.08 to $0.12 per share.  Turning to the business segments. Oilfield Services second quarter revenue increased 7% sequentially, while WesternGeco revenue increased 1%. The growth in Oilfield Services revenue was largely attributable to a surge in activity and increased pricing in U.S. Land, the post-winter seasonal rebound in Russia and increased activity in Mexico/Central America and the North Sea. The acquisition of Geoservices during the quarter also added to revenue. These increases were partially offset by the impact of the spring breakup in Canada, the previously mentioned early effects of the deepwater drilling moratorium in the Gulf of Mexico and reduced activity in the North Africa GeoMarket.  Oilfield Services pretax operating income of $1.07 billion increased 11% compared to the prior quarter, while pretax operating margin increased 75 basis points to 19.8%. The increase in margin was primarily driven by a strong performance in North America. International margins increased slightly to 22.4%.  By area, Oilfield Services sequential pretax operating margin highlights were as follows: In North America, pretax operating margin improved 237 basis points to 10.4%. Within North America, U.S. Land margin improved significantly by 15 percentage points as a result of higher activity and pricing for Well Services technologies. However, this increase was tempered by lower margin in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico from the early effects of the deepwater drilling moratorium and reduced margins in the Canada due to spring breakup.  Latin America margin increased 35 basis points to 17.9%, primarily due to the increased activity in the Mexico/Central America and Argentina/Bolivia/Chile GeoMarkets. However, as noted in the press release, we anticipate a slowdown of activity in Mexico, and we will subsequently have an associated charge in Q3. Europe/CIS/Africa margin increased 29 basis points to 18.4%, as the positive impact of the seasonal rebound in activity in Russia and a more favorable revenue mix in the North Sea offset the impact of reduced revenue in the Western South Africa and North Africa GeoMarkets. Middle East/Asia margin remains strong at 31.1%.  Sequentially, WesternGeco pretax operating income decreased 31% to $47 million, and pretax operating margins slipped 447 basis points to 9.8%, primarily due to a decrease in monthly client sales and lower revenue combined with the startup costs for Land. These decreases were partially offset by improved productivity in Marine. Now turning to Schlumberger as a whole. The effective tax rate was 17.8%. This was lower than last quarter, primarily due to a more favorable geographic earnings mix in WesternGeco. As you are aware, the ETR is very sensitive to the geographic earnings mix and as such, we do experience some volatility on a quarterly basis.  Net debt was $766 million at the end of the quarter as compared to $75 million at the end of the first quarter. We ended the quarter with $3.7 billion of cash and investments on hand and short-term debt of only $719 million. Significant liquidity events during the quarter included $1 billion relating to the acquisition of Geoservices, $634 million of CapEx, $535 million of stock repurchases and the conversion of $297 million of outstanding debentures into 7.4 million shares of common stock. During the quarter, we repurchased 8.4 million shares at an average price of $63.33. We repurchased the maximum number of shares we could under the SEC Safe Harbor provisions in light of the pending merger with Smith. Oilfield Services CapEx is still expected to reach approximately $2.8 billion for 2010, while WesternGeco CapEx is expected to be approximately $335 million.  And now, I turn the conference over to Andrew.
Simon Ayat: Well, Geoff, you know the equity line in Schlumberger, it's a mix of several items. There is a bit of impact coming from the deepwater moratorium, I think, on some of our investments, not necessarily on the M-I, but it's a mix. You will always see a bit of a fluctuation.
Simon Ayat: So, Geoff, it's one month as a matter fact. In the month of June, we account for Geoservices on a one-month lag, so it's a one month only that was reported in the second quarter. It's very marginal, and it is spread over most of the areas outside North America, more outside North America than inside North America. And it's a very marginal, really. It's one month only.
Andrew Gould: So I think the first thing to say is, in the last three years, somewhere between 40% and 50% of the new field discoveries have been in deepwater. Deepwater production has been scheduled to become 10 million barrels a day by 2015, so that's approaching 10% of world supply. And it's a bigger supply than almost any country apart from three. So I think it's highly unlikely that apart from some delays caused by proper caution and control, that there is any significant reduction in deepwater activity anywhere. And I find it extremely interesting that both Norway and the U.K. have permitted some of the deepest water wells they've ever drilled since the Gulf of Mexico moratorium was put on. So I don't think this is going to significantly slow deepwater in the medium to long term. I do think that the issue of spill response is something the industry has to address, I was pleased to see what the majors put out yesterday. And in terms of ourselves, I feel extremely comfortable because as I pointed out in the press release, we've made a huge effort to understand the risks of what we do in deepwater and to specifically train our people to be aware of those risks and to react to them. So after a brief pause in the Gulf of Mexico, I don't see any reason to change our strategy in deepwater, Kurt.
Andrew Gould: Well, I don't know whether the Street understand or appreciate what it will bring to Schlumberger or not. But, I mean, I like to do things sometimes by anecdotal example. So we presented the Smith strategy to our Board of Directors on Tuesday, and they all came out very excited. And on Wednesday morning, I got an e-mail from the manager of one of the countries in the Middle East, where under the current new rig assignments, six rigs have been taken away from our competitors and given to us on the basis that we drill faster, and that was without Smith. So I'm extremely bullish on what Smith is going to do for us, once we start to integrate the different drilling services they have with the drilling services that we have.
Andrew Gould: I think that perhaps the thing to say is that the improvement in our U.S. Land margins in Q2 was purely through activity and pricing and without any effects of the reorganization, though a lot of the reorganization work was taking place. And therefore, I would remind everybody that we said we would take a restructuring charge associated with North America in Q3, and that is still the intention, but it won't be very large. But the effects of the restructuring will only start to flow through to the margins in the third and fourth quarters. And therefore, we continue to expect to see outside the constraints of activity and pricing improvements in our cost structure and efficiency in North America through the balance of the year.
Andrew Gould: So I think we are much closer, I'm not going to announce what we'll be doing over the sound waves, Ole. But I think we're much closer to understanding the technology set that we think is appropriate to improving our capacity to predict the productivity of shale from measurements. And if we do that, this is not going to happen this year, it's going to take a little time. If we can do that, then eventually, it will start to change the technology set that is used to produce shale. But it's not this year, Ole. But I think, we are much closer to defining what we think that technology set will be.
Andrew Gould: It's going to be negative to our Middle East margins overall in 2010, and I think it will balance out in 2011.
Andrew Gould: We're taking startup costs, I wouldn't call them huge. We haven't identified them but they are in the margin in Q2.
Andrew Gould: I can only give you the known, unknown, Jim. So the first question is, is the moratorium extended beyond six months? I don't think so, but we don't know yet. We haven't been granted a seismic permit since the moratorium came on to keep the boat working. The big question is going to be whether the March 2011 Eastern Gulf or Central Gulf lease sale takes place or gets postponed, and I could see a very good case for the new BOE [Bureau of Ocean Energy] actually postponing it. There are two next year. The other one being in August. If it's just a postponement, then it will be a postponement of revenue rather than a cancellation. We honestly don't know whether or not the moratorium in the traditional ramp up of Multi-Client sales at the end of the year is going to have a positive or negative effect. If the future of exploration drilling in the Gulf is still very uncertain in November, it's going to have a negative effect. If the rules will become clearer, then maybe some of our customers will be tempted to buy some data with some of the budget they haven't used for other things. But today, it's almost impossible to say, which way that will go. We have not seen any signs or we don't have any indication that third-party Marine inactivity in the Gulf is going to be any different. But on Multi-Client, until the situation on the future exploration drilling becomes clearer, it's extremely difficult to predict what's going to happen, Jim.
Andrew Gould: So the good news in the Vessel business is despite the Gulf of Mexico, the capacity is still being absorbed. And you're quite right to point out that the question will be, once the capacity is absorbed, if there's no big shooting market, acquisition market in the Gulf of Mexico, will pricing move ahead in 2011? And I have to say, if that is the case, I doubt there would be much pricing leverage.
Andrew Gould: There are some issues in the mix that we can predict and some that we can't. So the one we can predict, for example, is that in Q2 a lot of the rigs, the offshore rigs were on completion and not drilling. And when this happens, the revenue swings in favor of our competitors rather than us and when they're on drilling, it swings in our favor. So logically, they should swing back to drilling in Q3, which will help. And the exploration success, a lot of the prospects that were being drilled in the second quarter were fairly marginal, quite deliberately fairly marginal on the part of our customers. And the question is, if they swing back to more really perspective exploration in Q3, will that improve the mix or not? But that one is extremely difficult to predict. And North Africa, I think we will probably not see much improvement.
Andrew Gould: Well, yes, we're seeing customers making inquiries. But as my peers pointed out, long-term contracts don't really mean very much in North America, so we're not in a hurry to sign over at this point.
Andrew Gould: I think that the argument that we all have to be conscious of is the argument that what is the correct return on the capital for pressure pumping, and not to let pricing go to the point where the return on capital is so high that it's going to attract a lot of competition, yes, I agree.
Andrew Gould: I think that we would say that Latin America, and the rest of Latin America is fine, sorry. So ECA, [Europe/CIS/Africa] I would say that we think the offshore market has slipped by one quarter. So the improvement that we thought we would have in Q2 will come in Q3, et cetera, et cetera, which means that overall, my view of ECA for the year probably hasn't changed very much. If it has, it's a slight negative bias, basically because of North Africa not West Africa. On the other hand, if I had to change my bias for MEA, for Middle East/Asia, it would be slightly more positive than it was at the end of Q1, but skewed towards the end of the year.
Andrew Gould: Not really, no. A little bit of a shift away from Africa towards Asia but apart from that, not really. And of course, Mexico is worse than we thought at the end of Q1 but apart from that, no.
Andrew Gould: I still think that the international growth for oil stems very much off GDP. So if you look at the latest forecast, they're talking about a 4.3% instead of 4.7% in 2011. If that turns out to be the case, I think the oil price will be very healthy and international oil will be good in 2011. If the GDP growth rate slips back then it will affect it consequentially.
Andrew Gould: Actually, I think that the issue you're raising is not the issue of the additional cost. I think the issue that you're raising, which is the very real issue that our customers will have a great deal of difficulty coming to terms with is what is the ultimate viability going to be; people who own leases in the Gulf of Mexico because that's the thing that will limit the number of operators, not the cost. And so we actually have transferred out something like 200 people to U.S. Land and to other places, and we have loaned 250-odd very skilled engineers, operators, maintenance technicians to other deepwater theaters around the world. So we have actually retained the potential to come back as and when we are asked to come back. And some of this has been in close cooperation with our customers who don't want that potential destroyed. I agree with you that the market is not going to be the 45 rigs that people were talking about as little as four or five months ago. I don't know that it's going to be 15 to 20 because I don't think you're going to be able to define that until you actually know how the liability is going to be defined. There is a risk that you quite rightly point out that this becomes limited to the super majors and perhaps people with national government backing, but I think it's a little too early to assume that. So for the moment, we're doing our best to get the Gulf of Mexico to break even by lending out people and equipment. That's going to be very tough in Q3, and then after that, we'll look and see how it looks afterwards. Now in the longer term, I think that people will adapt their deepwater programs to other theaters where, perhaps, they feel they have a more clement regulatory climate in which to drill. And I don't know whether you looked at the Financial Times yesterday, but there was a very good summary of all the reactions so far around the world in different regulatory bodies to this. And there isn't one yet that has taken and, obviously, they don't have the emotional problem that the U.S. does, has taken such a firm stand against deepwater, and I very much doubt they will.
Andrew Gould: So I mean, the moving parts that we have, Dan, I mean, I have very little -- I have no doubt that U.S. Land margins will continue to improve provided the rig count holds up. Canada will undoubtedly improve from now on because Canada Q2 is there is spring breakup. So the unknown is at what stage can we get the Gulf of Mexico to the point where it's not diluted to the overall U.S. margin. And in Q3, it will be diluted, there's no doubt about it. We haven't had enough time to do all the transfers, the loans, moving of equipment that is necessary to get the Gulf of Mexico to close to break even. So I think you can assume that in Q3, there is a possibility that the effect of the Gulf of Mexico on the other moving parts is to slightly dilute the margin compared to Q2, slightly. But in Q4, I've no doubt that it will rebound, and I think that it will be -- unless something dramatic happens in the Gulf, and that it will be above the levels -- we'll exit the year above the levels we've shown so far this year.
Andrew Gould: I think it'll be slightly better than breakeven, Dan, but below Q2 partly because of transits and partly because, as you point out, of lower Multiclient.
Andrew Gould: Can we leave Seismic out of that as we just discussed that? So x seismic, the two things that have changed since I made the statement in Q1 is number one, Gulf of Mexico and number two, the fairly dramatic reduction that's being announced in activity in Mexico. If you extract those two things, I don't change my statements in Q1.
Andrew Gould: Well, we don't have a big gas presence in Russia, except in the very high end. So I don't think that, that'll have a dramatic effect. You're quite right that the seasonal rebound in Russia was very strong, and we think that, that will continue through the balance of the summer, and the question always becomes what is the seasonal effect of the winter going to be like next year. And as to the situation for oil with tax, I think you would just need to watch what happens to the overall level of Russian production, and that will very much govern what happens next year.
Andrew Gould: No, I don't think the competitive dynamics is different. What is different is the speed with the ramp up. In other words, in Middle East, the Saudi ramp up took place over an incredibly short period of time. I mean, they basically ramped up three huge projects in the space of three years. There's no way that in an offshore development like Brazil that they can possibly ramp up at the same speed. And therefore, while you're quite right that the markets are going to go on increasing and growing very fast, it will never create, I don't need to create the sucking effect that Saudi Arabia created when they went into their big development projects.
Andrew Gould: I don't know the answer to your question. As to the precise number of the new vessels we projected going to the Gulf -- talked to [ph] (57:54) WesternGeco this morning, certainly on the basis of the vessel count, they know between now and the end of the year, they are not concerned about utilization.
Andrew Gould: 2011, it's just impossible to know until we have clarity on future exploration activity in the Gulf of Mexico.
Andrew Gould: I mean, the answer to that is no. I haven't seen any major move in investment onshore though they well may be some, particularly with the independents. My view of the fundamentals of gas, I'm sorry, is I'm still puzzled because gas supply is still outstripping the recovery in demand. And the question is I hear all these reasons why people are drilling, but the question is how long is that going to last? And the only assumption I've made, Alan, is it's going to last for the rest of this year. Beyond that, I'm not making any predictions.
Andrew Gould: I don't think that lower rig rates will affect Seismic because most of our customers, particularly the big ones overseas, have portfolios that will allow them to generate exploration drilling prospects without shooting additional seismic. I think the question is at what stage will they be tempted by lower rig rates to increase exploration programs, and I don't think you'll see much of that in 2010. But if the oil price is decent and the rig rates are low, you may well see something of that in 2011.
Andrew Gould: Saudi, UAE, Kuwait, to a lesser extent in Oman, it's tight. It's not particularly toxic. And then actually, exploration's been good in the far -- it was very good in the Far East in Q1, slightly weaker in Q2, but we expect to rebound in the second half of the year.
Andrew Gould: And when they produced domestic gas, it's normally to substitute oil so it releases oil for export, not in Saudi, obviously, but in other countries.
Andrew Gould: I think there's a fairly steady long exploration process that's taking place offshore, and actually there is some interesting work going on on onshore, in gas, particularly even some work in shale gas. So yes, the interest of India in gas is rising, Michael. But apart from the offshore development, I don't think there's anything major yet that they're putting into development.
Andrew Gould: I think it's probably -- I think there's a lot of work to be done before they know exactly what they want to do.
Andrew Gould: I can't speak to fluid invasion. I don't know. I'll find out, but I don't know. What I can speak to is in these large fracs, the percentage of perforation that actually produce is quite low, and obviously, the more percs [ph] (1:05:01) you frac, the more water you use. And therefore, if you can devise a method on it which you only complete with perforations, we're pretty sure we're going to produce, you're going to use less water, and hopefully, you'll have a more productive well. But I think I would re-emphasize that this is a goal. I don't think we're there yet.
Andrew Gould: Well, I still think that the first signs of shortage, or not shortage, but the first signs of our ability to look at pricing because tighter capacity is going to be in drilling tools, probably. But I mean, it's still early days. It's too early to start really knowing. That's more my feeling than any tangible evidence.
Andrew Gould: Like I said in answer to an earlier question, there's an $80 oil price that would stimulate considerable activity for oil in 2011. And if that's the case, then I don't think, and I said this before, I don't think we'll get back to the 2008 margins if only because of the mix and the speed with which activity is climbing. But certainly, we will have another margin improvement.
Andrew Gould: We always do, Geoff. [indiscernible] (1:09:16) stronger. It's nothing new. It's pretty much par for what happens every year because the field wants their CapEx earlier and manufacturing does their best, but they can't necessarily deliver it. So CapEx is always higher in the second half than the first half.
Andrew Gould: Generally, no. There are one or two specific bottlenecks that occur because they're very specialized, but they're not really very [indiscernible] (1:09:52). They're not something that stops its progressing.
Andrew Gould: So in deepwater, we have not seen, and I do not expect to see on existing contracts any request to revive that pricing because more service capacities become available. I think that people are going to stick with their contracts and worry more about service quality and risk than they do about pricing. As to new bids, we haven't actually submitted very many since this happened, Bill, so I can't give you an intelligent answer. Yes, obviously, pricing will, on new bids, probably suffer a bit. I would reiterate that I think anyone drilling in deepwater these days is not going to want to take risks.
Andrew Gould: I think that, in this year, if there is any rebidding or programs that are bid, they're likely to be short term. And we'll only see return to the longer-term commitments next year.
Andrew Gould: We think that will be highly competitive with our competitors by the time that we finish as equal mix.
Andrew Gould: I think a lot will have been achieved by the end of the third quarter, but I think as I originally said, it's 2011.
Andrew Gould: No, I think that the only change in the outlook we have for IPM is that it's twofold, actually. First is that the portfolio is becoming much more balanced between Latin America and the rest of the world because it was originally fairly highly concentrated in Latin America; and secondly, there are two types of well construction contracts evolving partly because of Iraq, one of which is the Mexico one, which is, as you know, is very much lump-sum performance-based, not necessarily the most attractive; and the ones in Iraq, which I think will be much more disciplined and more the execution contracts rather than risk contracts.
Andrew Gould: The long-term objective of IPM from the very beginning was not to drill wells. It was to assist in the management of mature production and the business case for assisting the management in mature production for an oil company, national or otherwise, is that they don't have enough internal capacity to do everything they want to do. And we are seeing encouraging signs that, that shift is beginning to take place. So over the long term, while well construction, I think, will always remain a part of it, packaged well construction, we think that the long-term future is in the management or assisting in the management in mature production.
Michael LaMotte: The reason for the question, I think, is we talked about gas in the global markets, obviously, LNG creating looseness in the international market and we know it's gone on in the U.S. There are pockets where you have countries that are short gas and short power in particular as you pointed out Saudi being...
Michael LaMotte: If I think about India, there's another market that's very short power and looking to develop gas. It's just the country has not been talked about much in the last couple of quarters. I'm just wondering if you could speak to what's going on in that market.
Michael LaMotte: Switching to U.S. Land, you've mentioned I think on the Smith conference call that we would be moving towards drilling geologically as opposed to geometrically. I heard anecdotes...
Michael LaMotte: Drilling and completing. I've heard anecdotes that some of these bigger fracs and close proximity wells is that you're getting fluid invasion from one or the other and sort of problems with just sort of getting bigger and louder, so to speak, with the frac. I'm wondering if that kind of trend is actually going to be an accelerant to exactly what you're talking about, drilling geologically.
