Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think we talked about this before and this – the overall set up of the U.S. shale business where there hasn’t been positive cash flow or positive free cash flow for what the – the last six, seven years. We have comment on that as that’s being a bit of a surprise already. Now whether it will continue or not, I think its going to come down to two things, whether they can still continue to borrow going into 2018 and whether they continue to hedge. So I think today they still operate beyond cash flow, but I think the situation for the rest of the year is relatively set. So we expect to see steady increase in activity both in Q3 and Q4. What will happen in 2018? I think is a bit early to say. But as of now I think its still likely that we will continue to see strong activity in the U.S. in 2018 whether it will have the same type of growth rate we’ve seen in 2017, that might not be the case.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, it’s difficult for me to say that. I mean you see a range of so call breakeven costs where some of the transportation premiums, the discounts to the WTI standard, the amortization of the infrastructure and land is not included. So, it is very difficult for me to say, but if you go back and look at both cash flow and profitability for most of the E&Ps in Q1 where the situation actually was quite favorable. There was limited pricing faction from the service industry and the commodity price were still high than what it is today. I think they were probably few of them even at that stage that really generated a profit. So, it's difficult for me to say. From our standpoint like we commented on in the prepared remarks, we are now profitable in all product lines. And we see continued growth in activity going forward in the next couple of quarters. So at least our business is back in the back and we are now obviously actively pursuing market share.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. Clearly, we have mentioned some of the deals here in our earlier remarks and clearly today there is an opportunity in North America for this business model because it is also allowing us to bring the appropriate technology into the shale plays that we have won it or into the tight oil and gas and therefore there is a increasing opportunity set also in North America and for that matter I would say that today we have opportunities in just about every geography around the world.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. So we -- if you are doing the exit on Q2 I would say that Q3 will be pretty much 1.0 as well. We will continue to deploy at almost exactly the same rate and we expect to have all our total fleets of ideal pressure pumping assets in operation by early Q4. Now after that the startup cost will start to abate. It will come down in Q4 and going into Q1. But Q3 will see the same rate of deployments and unfortunate the same rate of startup costs. But we are very pleased with the progress we’re making here and we have -- the rate of deployments that we have now in our pressure pumping business is unprecedented, we’ve never gone at this rate before.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. Well, if I first look at the overall the international market in terms of the nature of activity. What we -- first of all, what we are seeing in most of the basins around the world takeaway as we say Russia and the OPEC Gulf, we are at unprecedented lows in terms of activity. So I think it’s very natural that activity starts to come back. We were somewhat positively surprised at the rate it came back in Q2. It is not a dramatic increase. But it was more than what we were expecting from seasonality. And if you takeaway Cameron which is three, four quarters behind in the cycle compared to the legacy Schlumberger business. We grew the legacy business 10% sequentially in land, 8% in ECA and 2% in MEA. So these were numbers generally higher than what we were anticipating. So it is a combination I would say of land focus in all of the three reporting areas. But as we commented on this well, there are signs now of offshore project being prepared for FIDs and tendering, we see it in particular through OneSubsea business and a lot of this is tiebacks which basically the nature of that is going to be a lot more short cycle on the offshore business than what we’ve seen in the past. And generally on land it is all short cycle as well. So, the lion share of the activity we’re seeing internationally is short cycle, which is what you would expect where the operators are looking to minimize the time between cash outlays and production coming back.
Paal Kibsgaard: We don’t discuss the details of what their -- their decision-making is based on. Other than that we are very actively work with all customers in bringing cost to barrel down, whether this is offshore or on land. And given the fact that I would say a lot of the operators have been producing their assets quite hard over the past two, three years. I think there’s a need to start replenishing reserves and also supporting production with more wells and smaller tiebacks and so forth. So, given the fact that this uptick has happened in the second quarter, but actually saw low oil prices than in the first quarter. I think this is more a general direction of the international production base. Most basins have unprecedented low activity and investment levels, and we seem to be coming off the bottom now. It will obviously supported more by higher oil prices, but there has been movement in the second quarter, which has actually seen a more negative oil price sentiment. I think that’s going to turn in the second half of the year in the terms of sentiments, but the start of growth momentum, although still nascent has happened in the second quarter.
Paal Kibsgaard: Exactly. So, I think it’s unlikely that you’ll see a major sort of tectonic movement here. But the fact that the industry in North America land continues to operate way beyond cash flow. I think that’s going to be challenged if oil prices stay where it is. So that could mean for sure that the growth rate would slow. I don't think you’ll see a significant reduction in activity, but I think the growth rate might slow. So I think there is still going to be possibilities both to land and potentially raise more equity, but in the event we continue at the current oil prices. I think the industry is going to be a bit more strain than what we have seen in 2017. Now, how we would manage that? We obviously – we are redeploying very actively our idle frac capacity. These are assets that we own already. And we are hiring people to operate them. And we are in a cyclical business. And it's a matter of adding proactively when you have the opportunity to catch growth and generate incremental. And if there is a headwind then we need to deal with it.
Paal Kibsgaard: No. We’re not. We are very actively working on closing out OneStim JV with Weatherford with the DOJ. There has been some additional information from the DOJ which we are now providing them with. And we are obviously optimistic that we can close this during the second half of the year. And when that’s done, we will have sufficient pressure pumping and a capacity to see us through at least 2018.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, we’ve always been I would say focused on sustainability, the impact we have on the environment around us in terms of our operation, but also the positive impact we live in the various communities that we are part of around the world. What we haven’t done up until the last couple of years is to really document this and put this together into something that we can present to governments, as well as to the investor base. And I think that’s the main focus that we’ve had now over the past few years. There’s also a certain report and certain things that we do become part of in order to get certain certifications and rankings in terms of what our efforts are. So over the past couple years we have put that together into the report, which is then available both to local communities, governments and to the investment community where we really summarize and demonstrate what is long-term commitment is all about. And we understand the importance of this for the investment community for instance around what part of the investment community are interested -- invested in the company where the focus on sustainability is obviously a key decision criteria. So we’ll see the importance of it. It's not something new that we started off. But we’re taking the effort of putting together our efforts so there are much more transparent in summary.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I haven’t looked exactly what our competitors are doing here. What we are doing is something that we believe in and that we’ve done for a long time. And I said the main thing we've done now is to just summarize it, and whether that’s a competitive advantage or not. Maybe it is but we haven’t done it for that reason. We’ve done it because we believe in it and it's something in very worthwhile for us to do.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think in the international markets, I would say whether – I mean -- if the growth rate there is higher, it would be -- I would say easier to generate higher incrementals. So we have a very good I think handle on the supply chain there. As we have in the U.S. as well, but the rate of inflation in the U.S. is always a lot quicker for significant activity increases. So, I would say that to get incrementals, higher growth rates would be -- would make it probably easier to do it provided that we have a good handle on the supply chain. But the key for the 65% incremental, so is that we need to have some pricing. And also those incrementals will kick in when we have kind of transitioned business from part of it basically being still in decline and battling some pricing issues. We need to firmly reach bottom in all aspects of the business and then start recovering from there including pricing. But the so far when we look at incrementals company wide for Q2 around mid-30s is I would say acceptable at this stage. I don’t it's fantastic. And it's something that we have a very strong focus on going forward. And as we start to I would say, complete the last part of the bottom of the cycle, I’ll expect that we get close to these incrementals that we had promised.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, if you look at Q3 in terms of the business we expect to see continuation of the trends that we saw in the second quarter. So, for North America that means continued solid growth. We expect the rig count to continue to grow in Q3, although likely slow in somewhat in pace. We expect to see additional pricing and share gains in directional drilling and as I mentioned earlier we will continue to activate or reactivate frac capacity at the same rate as we did in Q2. Internationally, we also expecting to see a continuation of these encouraging signs we saw from Q2. We do expect single-digit sequential growth in ECA and MEA and actually most of the deal markets in these two areas will see growth we expect in Q3. But due to activity mix and some completion of projects we likely see a slight drop in Latin America in Q3. So, I would say, combining all of this I believe that the current Street consensus for Q3 is a good starting point.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes to comment on 2018, I think like you say is still too early. In terms of where we sit at the company and I’ll comment on the overall in a second, but I think if you look at our position in North America land we have never been better positioned to capture growth both in the drilling manufacturing business. And internationally with some of the recent moves that we just announced plus the overall step out we’ve had in total addressable market we are extremely well positioned to capture growth in every corner of the world as the global investment eventually will start to increase right. So, I will say the short term risk from the trends that we are currently seeing I think would be that, that there is still I would say issues around how the markets sees inventory gross. So far in July it’s been very positive in particular in the U.S. and if this continues I think that should bode well for a gradual increase in oil prices in the second half of the year. But as a matter of how fast the U.S. producers are putting barrels on the market and also what’s going to be important is what OPEC and Russia does you know come the end of the 9 month production cut period, right. So I think there is issues around or risks around how they interplay between the U.S. producers on one side and the Russia OPEC producers on the other side, how they play this out over the next I would say year or so, we are very clear in our view that you go 2019 and 2020 we are going to have potentially significant supply challenges. So the fact that global investments will come up in that period I think is very clear. What’s going to happen in the period before we get there is going to come down to the plans of OPEC and Russia on one hand and the U.S. producers on the other.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I am disappointed but not going straight international. But I think that some of the very large opportunities that we see here at the moment and we are working on actively at this moment are actually right in North America. Apart from those there are significant projects coming up in discussion in the Middle East that might not strike you as the first place for SPM to take place but also there we have significant opportunities and apart from that it is going to be more of Asia, more of Africa those are the key type of areas that we are looking at the moment. But I don’t think you can underestimate the impact that SPM can have on North America.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well I will say the following that the OneStim JV isn’t focussed on the next couple of quarters. We did this because we have the medium to long term view on the North American land market. There might be challenges overall in terms of the volume of the market but I think there is still going to be a significant core that’s going to withstand you know oil price challenges and still going to be profitable. And I think the combination of scale and efficiency and technology that we will bring and vertical integration is going to make OneStim very very competitive in any kind of market condition. So, obviously if activity was to flatten out for a period of time when you come early into 2018, then we will deploy what makes sense to deploy and the rest we will keep idle and ready for deploying later. So, we are not doing this for the next couple of quarters we are doing this for the medium to long term
Paal Kibsgaard: I think if we stay in this environment for a long period of time, I think you will unlikely see large infrastructure projects whether it’s a significant gap between cash outlays and cash returns, but I still think that even in deep water there are opportunities for tiebacks and utilization of existing infrastructure tiebacks using you know multiface pumps and so forth, right. So there are opportunities that we are seeing through one SubSea which actually isn’t all concentrated on shallow water. There is a fair bit of deep water projects being considered unprepared for FID as well. So, but I think they are going to be all relatively short cycle in nature and we obviously we have a very bit position to participate in this and support our customers in getting those projects online.
Paal Kibsgaard: All right. So thank you for that final questions. I would now like to summarize the three most important points we have discussed this morning. First, we remain positive on the oil markets inspite of the current negative sentiments that have created more uncertainty around the shape and the timing of the market recovery. We believe that globally E&P investments will need to increase significantly in the coming years to address the pending supply challenges resulting from three years of under investments. And Schlumberger is uniquely positioned to capture growth in all markets as global investments start to recover. Second, we have shown you why we believe in the potential of Schlumberger production management to provide an activity baseline to geomarket operations that also delivered full cycle returns that are highly accretive to our business. And third we are continuing to build out our offering both in terms of technology and geography. The OneStim joint venture with Weatherford add scale and technology to our integrated production services in North America land while our agreement to acquire a majority stake in EDC in Russia offers significant opportunities to expand our presence in the conventional land drilling market in Western Siberia. That concludes today’s call. Thank you for participating.
