Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you, Stephane. Ladies and gentlemen, I think we are ready for opening the floor to the questions.
Olivier Le Peuch: As we see today, the combination of offshore Middle East and broad gas investments internationally will continue to support a very solid growth internationally. We are seeing -- as we have seen in the fourth quarter an uptick into the rate of growth for Middle East and that’s driven by a commitment to oil capacity increase and further gas development. And this, as I commented briefly in my prepared remarks will lead Middle East investment to be on record ever as we anticipated in this year or next year. And as a result, will generate significant pull for our revenue going forward. But I think what I will say is that, what is characterizing international as we see it, is that it has a lot of resilience, because it’s multi-pronged. It moves multiple engines, short and long, oil and gas, offshore and onshore. And I believe that the multiyear commitments for capacity expansion and gas development in Middle East is combining with offshore long-cycle, a return of deepwater, which is the operating environment that will see the most activity increase this year and also the return or the acceleration of exploration and appraisal offshore, which would be one of the defining characteristics of the quarters to come. So when you combine all of this, you are getting a very resilient multi-pronged and multiyear sustained growth pattern for the international market. And I think that’s what we see and it will indeed support not only growth this year, but it will support year growth next year and the years to come and it will be multi-pronged and fairly broad and with multiple geographic impact.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. First, I think, to define, offshore has been, I think, seeing an uptick that started about 18 months ago. We don’t see it abating and we see it continue to steadily grow. I think what is changing this year is that, whereas the shallow water environment was leading the growth to a large extent in the early part of this offshore cycle expansion. We are seeing the deepwater to catch up and including indeed exploration and appraisal activity that is set to visibly outpace international offshore activity actually. So deepwater will be the highest operating environment activity growth in 2023, and as part of it, exploration appraisal will be also outpacing and slowly rebounding. So it’s visible in multiple regions and I think you have seen East Mediterranean with a couple of announcements by two or three major announcements of gas discoveries that are set to be appraised further and then for future development. You have seen some last year announcement in the South Africa and Namibia Basin that also get additional appraisal and future development. And you have seen that the East Atlantic margin and/or Suriname and Guyana remain very hot. And finally, East Asia is also seeing some deepwater gas exploration at the same time. So you have this four or five offshore mostly deepwater areas that are seeing exploration appraisal results of gas and oil, energy -- gas and energy security and oil - pursuit of oil reserve replacements by major and by national -- large national company. So I think this is happening. And this builds on top of the very high shallow water activity that has already rebounded and is set to further accelerate in the Middle East, where be it in Saudi and UAE or in Qatar, we have a combination of oil and gas offshore development plans that are in place. So offshore outlook is strong and is here to stay for years to come.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. Thank you, Dave. Let me comment first on your remark on durability. I really believe that the cycle that we have entered internationally, that is characterized now by the Middle East joining the growth engine if you like is set to be very durable. I think and the driver of that, as I said, is a combination of four or five countries having committed capacity expansion for oil production for the future and that are much in need as we can see that the tight supply is here to stay and to stretch the market and also for regional gas development and this is happening simultaneously in multiple countries. So this is set to happen and will not last one year. These are long-cycle offshore, onshore, gas, and some of it unconventional, and oil development. So this is first durability is here to stay and we are talking about years. And I think the targets are expanding anywhere from to 2027 to 2030, depending on the country, depending on the ambition they have on sustained capital production. So second is that what is quite unique and this is a combination of offshore, onshore, oil, gas, conventional and unconventional. I think you have the Qatar conventional gas development. It is only set to further increase. You have the unconventional development in Saudi and in UAE, you have the other gas development in the region, including the East Med that has a fundamental potential of East Med gas development. And then you have the mix of offshore, onshore that I think is quite unique, particularly on the rebound on the shallow water increase of activity you have seen. So that is unique and that gives us a unique opportunity to outperform and to use Fit-for-Basin to use our local content, use our customer centricity, and engagement that we have in the region, and to build on those market positions to really benefit and we are poised to certainly have record revenue in Middle East in -- during this cycle and eclipse previous 2014 peak by margin.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think that what would characterize this cycle is performance. It’s all about performance. And I think our ability to perform in this integrated contract, and as you have seen, what we have shared during this press release on the Jafurah contract and been able to up our performance to peer some of the North America performance and performance will dictate market allocation -- market share allocation and will dictate technology adoption. So our ability to Fit-for-Basin, our technology like we did in Qatar and other regions and local content like we are doing Saudi and other regions, I think, is giving us opportunity to earn this contract and to use a pricing premium for this technology adoption to deploy Digital and you have seen the announcement we made a few months back with -- in the sustainability platform with Saudi Aramco and more announcements will come. So we are building our future in Middle East on multiple engines, and we are building on the performance in execution. Technology adoption and differentiation and LSTK, while being a part of the landscape of the way we operate is not the largest piece of our business in the Middle East.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yeah. I think that’s what we are predicting as well. I think, as I have indicated, the deepwater, we see the highest activity uptick compared to shallow and land, because land is being impacted by the activity compression and decline in Russia internationally and hence this is what we anticipate as well and we don’t expect this to stop at the end of the quarter or next year. So this trend is set to continue indeed.
Olivier Le Peuch: I cannot comment on that industry. I think I can comment on what I see as activity outlook and what we see in our backlog and type of activity for subsea. So the undercurrent, if I was to use that terminology for subsea are very strong, because on the outlook, the mid- and long-term outlook, because of this deepwater activity that includes exploration appraisal and future development. FID -- offshore FID for 2023 is set to be the high since 2012, 2013, indicating that there is a pipeline of subsea activity in the horizon and we have seen some of it materializing in our work this year. We are seeing also some infill drilling, tieback activity, which benefited us in recent quarters and we are very reassured that the market is inflecting for further growth. And indeed, the conditions are set for price to be accretive into the margin, into the backlog going forward to build up and to resume some extent previous subsea margin. But I cannot comment on the industry at large, but I believe this is an industry that is very critical to the success of offshore development and where we see a lot of collaboration, engagement, technology development and critical technologies like subsea processing, boosting and trends are positive as we see it. And we are -- as you know, we made a strategic decision to align with -- to form a JV with Aker Solutions and Subsea 7 to address that market opportunity, and that this announcement reflects our view on the market.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yeah. First, because you pick on it, I think, I’d like to first reflect on North America. North America has been a fantastic success in the last 18 months, 24 months. I think the rate of growth that the team has achieved both in offshore and land market has outpaced the re-growth visibly, the success in our technology offering and fit and tech access model that has been very successful there. I think as we expanded margin, as you have seen, our margin are the very, I would say, different, if not very accretive level today in North America. So this is a very good base to be on. And as the market 2023 unfolds, first there is a little bit of a shift to drilling to rebuild the DUC inventory that will favor us in a month and a couple of quarters to come before the usual plateauing or a moderation of growth in the second half. But we see an increased level of rig activity in North America, and clearly, on the momentum of -- and it’s typically it happens in the early part of the year before it plateaus in the second half and that’s nothing new. That’s a pattern that we expect, hence it will have an impact on the first quarter. And then we see a continuation of the offshore strength and in -- be it in Gulf of Mexico, in east Canada or further North in Alaska and this activity set to continue to grow in 2023. So NAM will be indeed an engine that will support growth in the first half. And by contrast, as I said, the usual pattern of seasonality internationally in the Northern Hemisphere will be offsetting this and we will also this year have the effect of the Russia year-on-year decline that we expect to impact negatively. So you have a mix there that I think we have described and but NAM will be an engine of growth in the second -- the first half.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yeah. I think let me reflect first on the indeed, the service intensity. I think the -- again, as I said, I think, there is a significant expansion happening at the same time concurrently and there is a significant focus on performance. So this has led to an increase of service intensity in the contracts where we operate. We are fully participating to this and we are leading on many of them based on our performance. But at the same time, we have much increased and much improved asset efficiency, and hence, we are able to deliver that service intensity, that performance focused delivery to our customer without increasing our CapEx intensity and we remain with our target of 5% to 7% total CapEx, as you have seen in our guidance today. So that’s -- I think that’s one aspect that I think is critical and we use that discipline in our CapEx, that capital to actually to indeed use this to help us extract and guide further up the pricing in the market. So the pricing is driven by, first and foremost, performance. As we see it, our performance gives us a premium, technology, a unique technology that either impacting performance or impacting decarbonization as transition technology or that is fit for the basin. And then, obviously, the stretch in the capacity market that is now being obvious and is being tested in the Middle East and in offshore is driving another undercurrent of pricing positive trends.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think it has been a significant impact. I think if you look at the Kimberlite survey that has been just published. I think we remained the best performance supplier as indicated by the total survey based on technology, based on the delivery, service quality and operational efficiency that we deliver. I think this is recognized. This is leading to either of two things, I would say, direct awards or -- and ability to negotiate premium on our service pricing or technology pricing to reflect our differentiation performance. So the industry is measured by performance and we believe that we have set the benchmark and we continue to pursue collectively in our organization through technology, through a process in operational efficiency, through digital operation, so that we can extract this performance and offer it to the customer and they recognize it and give you the premium.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. I believe that the market has still room to grow. I believe first from the activity, as I described, albeit I think, it’s very well known that the limited access to the Tier 1 inventory and acreage and the stretch on capacity in the market has created a negative inflection onto the well productivity. But we expect the major, the public to this extent and much less the private to drive the growth this year. In this market, we are well positioned, because we have a technology access model and Fit-for-Basin technology that has in drilling onshore made a performance impact and has been recognized hence has earned a premium. We have a production portfolio -- production system portfolio that is set also through our ESP or frac trees to succeed. So we see further runway both in growth and in margin expansion as the market is still stretched and similar to international market, the market recognizes the opportunity to differentiate to performance, particularly the public company. So our view is that in the North America both land and offshore. There is not only activity-based growth coming this year not to the same magnitude in land market like last year and still support also pricing, considering the stretch and considering the recognized premium on Fit technology and on performance and part and this is true both on land and on offshore environment.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. That’s -- I think that’s a market comment directionally and in line with some independent market analysts view. This is five to or single-digit to teens digit decline and we align with this view and I think our market activity will decline accordingly.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yeah. I think we have commented this before and we have commented that offshore is an intensity of 5 times revenue intensity per rig and we maintain that view, whether this can expand depending on the intensity, depending on the market mix, depending on the pricing, I think is, I would say, a floor to some extent. But, yes, we see the deepwater accelerating and I think it’s something that is not only in one region, but I think it’s pretty broad. As I commented, it’s Latin America, it’s Africa, it’s East Med and is to some extent also East Asia. Hence, this addition, I mean, we are not talking about necessarily 50 rigs, but one and twos and threes rigs in those regions. And the fact that they are relating to also a content of exploration and appraisal is creating a mix that is favorable in the quarters to come, I would say.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yeah. I think, again, to make sure we are clear on the commentary we have shared. I think I was specific about the later part of the year, the ’27 to 2030 oil capacity and gas development commitments in the Middle East, okay? Offshore, similarly, I think, it’s a typical development and FID that are being blessed and sanctioned this year and years to come, have three years to five years horizon. So combining the, what is expected to be the FID and dollar value in offshore environment in 2023 in the last 10 years with a pipeline is still strong going forward, we indeed expect three years to five years follow through on offshore from today and combining with Middle East, the rest, I think, is more related to short-cycle and it’s difficult to combine. But I think these two major growth engines internationally, I think, have the potential to sustain a very resilient growth of international environment for years to come. Indeed, that’s correct and that’s hypothesis at this point.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. I think, generally speaking, I think, directionally, I think, the market assumption we took, the macro backdrop we anticipated are roughly the same. I think I will only put two comments. I think first is that the dynamic of this year has, as I commented in my remarks, a little bit of an upside depending on the China economic rebound and opening and that could lead later in the year to upcycle and FID acceleration and that will have an uptick on the year outlook. And secondly, I think, the -- and I think building on the recent visit I had in the Middle East and the engagement I had with a lot of customers there. I think the strength of the -- and commitment to this capacity expansion and to this gas development program, I think, is here to stay and will be resilient to market condition, I would say. So I believe that the duration of the cycle, I think, we limited our guidance to 2025, but it’s obvious -- becoming obvious -- increasing obvious that this cycle will expand and we will have the strength to expand growth beyond ‘25 both on offshore and Middle East growth engine that will materialize.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. I think, New Energy, I am very pleased with the progress. I think we crystallized our strategy very much in the last six months. I think we have been commenting on it extensively during the Capital Market Day to outline the five selected domains in which we are investing in technology. We are investing in partnership, we are investing into equity and critical partners to accelerate our go-to-market, to accelerate our success. So continue to make progress on each of these five domains and we have seen some announcements relating to CCS, which I believe has a lot of momentum and we are involved into dozens of projects this year and we have crystallized and materialized some partnerships, including the partnership with Linde for blue ammonia, blue hydrogen and gas processing and we have been investing in RTI as well for carbon capture. And we continue to make progress and you have seen some announcement on Geoenergy with Celsius, which is a very critical technology that is being assessed and being recognized in Europe as something that could really have an impact as a new technology, as a new domain that could transform a little bit the way the heating and cooling of buildings and cities are done. So we have a great long-term outlook on this and more will come on this. But in general, we are making progress on each of these domains, be it in pilots, be it in early commercial contracts, be it in technology milestones. We will continue to inform you on these milestones so that you can judge the progress and continue to assess the potential and then keep us -- we will keep you informed on our journey towards 2030 and the mission we have to the next decade. So I am still positive and encouraged -- continue be encouraged with what the feedback we are getting for our partners and from our customers.
Olivier Le Peuch: So ladies and gentlemen, as we conclude today’s call, I would like to leave you with four key takeaways. First, our 2022 results represent another positive step in our financial and operational performance journey. Financially, we realized broad revenue growth and margin expansion, closed the fourth quarter with year-on-year EBITDA margin expansion ahead of our initial guidance and further reduced net debt. Operationally, the year was transformative, as we executed our strategy across our 3 engines of growth and communicated our new brand purpose and identity. This firmly positions SLB to be the leader in the energy sector across multiple opportunities and time horizons. Second, the macroeconomic environment remains highly supportive of a resilient upcycle in both oil and gas and low carbon energy solutions. This is fundamentally driven by demand growth amidst very tight supply and further boosted by the prioritization of energy security and decarbonization. These market conditions will continue to support steady growth in global oil and gas upstream investment for years to come and will prompt additional investments in low carbon energy solutions for a balanced planet. Third, the oil and gas industry is entering a new phase in the upcycle marked by the inflection in the Middle East and the strengthening of offshore activity. Taken together, this signals the onset of a new growth pattern internationally. These dynamics are closely aligned with our strengths and will enable us to benefit from a favorable pricing environment and further technology adoption. Additionally, we believe that the secular trends in Digital Transformation and decarbonization will only accelerate across all markets, presenting an advantaged position for SLB. Finally, based on our confidence in the strength of the upcycle, our favorable market exposure and strong financial results, we reaffirm our ambition to significantly expand shareholder’s returns in 2023, through a commitment to more than double the returns when compared to 2022 through a combination of increased dividends and share buybacks. I could not be more satisfied with SLBs position at the onset of 2023 and have full confidence in our team’s ability to fully seize the new phase of this upcycle and accelerate our investment for the future. We look forward to once again exceeding your expectations throughout this year. Thank you very much for your time.
