Simon Ayat: Thank you, Simon. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in this conference call. Third quarter earnings per share was $0.46. Excluding charges and credits this represents an increase of $0.03 sequentially and an increase of $0.04 when compared to the same quarter last year. There were no charges or credits recorded in the current quarter. Our third quarter revenue of $8.5 billion increased 2% sequentially primarily driven by strong international drilling activities. Pre-tax operating margins increased by 36 basis points to 13.5%. Highlights by product group were as follows. Third quarter reservoir characterization revenue of $1.7 billion increased 2% sequentially primarily due to higher wireline and integrated services management activity in the international markets. This was partially offset by the completion of the first phase of an integrated production system project. Margin increased 88 basis points to 22.3% primarily driven by the increase in higher margin wireline activity. Drilling revenue of $2.4 billion increased 9% sequentially. This increase was driven by strong international growth and benefited in integrated drilling services. Drilling and measurements and MIs were core activities. Margins increased 103 basis points to 14% as profitability improved in certain IBS projects that started in the prior quarter. The overall increase in drilling activity also contributed to the margin improvement. Production revenue of $3.3 billion and margins of 9.8% were essentially flat. Cameron Group revenue of $1.3 billion was also flat sequentially. Increased sales in surface systems and drilling systems were offset by lower revenue in OneSubsea and valve and measurements. Margins declined 140 basis points to 11.4% primarily driven by the lower OneSubsea revenue. The book-to-bill ratio for the Cameron long-cycle business was at 1. Now turning to Schlumberger as a whole, the effective tax rate, excluding charges and credits, was 16.4% in the first quarter compared to 17.2% in the previous quarter. We generated $1.8 billion of cash flow from operations during the quarter. Our net debt slightly decreased during the quarter to $14.5 billion. We ended the quarter with total tax and investments of $2.9 billion. During the quarter we spent $100 million to repurchase 1.5 million shares at an average price of $64.98. Other significant liquidity events during the quarter included CapEx of approximately $565 million and capitalized cost relating to SPM projects of $285 million. During the quarter we also made $692 million of dividend payments. Full year 2018 CapEx excluding SPM and multi-client investments are still expected to be approximately $2 billion. And now I will turn the conference call over to Patrick.
Simon Ayat: So as you know that Q3 was the pretty good performance cash wise. We typically see that kind of a performance during the second half that should continue into Q4 actually. The cash outflow for Eurasia we already as you know this has been long presence, so this plant that Eurasia is going to come with it’s own cash flow and it’s on strong EBITDA actually. So we are – we will fund this through additional borrowing. The cash on hand we have today is still 0.9 and we continued to be at base level and this was the comfort level I like to keep or we like to keep for the company. So as I said before for Eurasia we will fund it when it gets approved through more borrowing and we will see how the final transaction format and structure will be at that time. But just worth noting that the cash generation in the second half will be like every year, stronger than the first half and we should be back on target by the end of the year.
Simon Ayat: Well, I am not ready. I mean our Q4 cash outlays are already planned and the cash generation, we don’t see a drop right now.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I mean I can focus my comments on what we do. I am not really into the details of what our competitors are doing, our peers are doing internally. But we have been working on our transformation on modernization program since 2012. And it’s being a very meticulous and systematic approach to understanding what part of our operations or what in our operations can we improve in terms of both quality and efficiency. It takes time to change these type of things in a big organization that is actually functioning quite well from the get-go, but our job is to make sure that we pursue the upside potential and that’s what we have been doing. So this will translate and be a significant part of how we drive incremental margins in the coming up-cycle. Now the incremental margins are still a function of a couple of other things in addition to the transformation and one is we need growth. And secondly we have also been very clear that we need some tailwind from pricing. And if you look at this year, we have internationally very low growth, quite nominal. And at the same time we are working through some let me say crosscurrents in pricing. We are still absorbing new contracts, the pricing is actually diluted to the base price that we have through the bidding we have done over the past year. But then that was all normalized and we get a bit more consistent sequential and annual growth with a bit of help from pricing and the modernization program is going to be the real driver for us delivering on the promise of the 65% incrementals. And this is something that will evolve I would say over the coming 1 to 2 years.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, let me again focus on us. I mean, the most profound part of what we have done has been firstly to update the entire blueprints of all the activities we do as a company and put that together into one companywide map. When you have done that, you can start breaking down these things and streamline them in terms of how each part of the company comes together in a huge element of teamwork to drive again both the quality and efficiency of what we do. So, having a deep understanding of how everything is interconnected, you can also then start to professionalize more the individual parts – things like procurements, sourcing, transportation, these are all actually huge aspects of what drives that performance. And when you are as big as we are, I think it’s very, very smart to actually address these things with a lot more professionalism than what we have done in the past. I wouldn’t say that we have done a bad job at it, it’s just that when you are as big as we are, then there is huge opportunities to drive efficiencies and quality by further professionalizing these type of functions.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I will. So, let me focus on the next quarter and maybe the quarter after that. The North America land market is changing pretty rapidly. So how this will play up over the full course of 2019, I think it’s still a bit early to say, but let’s talk first about Q4. So, it is evident that the rapid softening we have seen both in frac activity and pricing over the I would say second half of the third quarter is continuing more or less with the same pace in Q4 and this is obviously representing challenges in terms of white spaces in the frac calendar. In addition to this which sort of further aggravates the situation is that several of our key customers have decided that they are going to lay down all their frac fleets from about middle of November and up until middle of January, which again is a fairly significant challenge in terms of how do you approach the cost base at that stage. So, what we have decided for the course of Q4 is to actively try to reduce the variable part of our cost base, but we aren’t going to do any significant adjustments to the structure, because what we see in the outlook for hydraulic fracs is that there is going to be a couple of quarters where there will be lower activity, but this is more of a pause than I would say a long-term structural issue. Whether this is Q4, Q1 or it lingers into Q2 I think is to be seen, but we will do what we can to manage the variable cost, but we aren’t going to take any significant actions or charges or anything like that when it comes to our structural setup in the market. We are committed to this market and we have a very good position, both in the frac services and also, as Patrick alluded to, on the vertical integration through the entire sand value chain. So, you are going to have to absorb some of the headwinds from the costs that we choose not to do anything with in the next couple of quarters, but beyond that, we are going to continue to leverage our strong position in the market following that.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, let’s be specific on Q4 to take that first. I mean, if you look at international markets in Q4, we expect flattish revenues. There is a few moving parts on that, that leads to it. There is no change to our outlook on the international market and the momentum we have seen in the past couple of quarters we expect to continue into 2019 and we are still very confident about the north of 10% revenue growth for our business internationally in 2019. But for Q4, we do see sequential growth in EMEA, but this is going to be offset by the normal winter slowdown in Russia and the North Sea and Latin America is going to be flat and we don’t see any significant year end sales this year, mainly because I don’t think our customers have budgeted for that. So, international, both on revenue and earnings, we see as relatively flat with Q3. Now, based on what I just said on North America land, our earnings from North America land and our revenue will be down in Q4, so EPS sequentially is going to come down, I think how much, I am not going to give a specific number; I think it’s going to be a function of how severe the shutdowns are going to be in November and December, but in a normalized kind of outlook for going into next year, I would still believe that the strength of the international going forward beyond Q4 should outweigh any further challenges that we have in North America land.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. So like I said, we are still very much committed and clear on double-digit revenue growth internationally for us next year. Looking at it from a customer base standpoint, the growth will be driven by the NOCs and the international independents and I would say less so at least from where we stand and what we can see today from the IOCs. I do expect at some stage that the IOCs will potentially open up a bit more in terms of their investment levels as well, but at present, next year’s growth, the way we have it on the board is going to be driven more by the NOCs and the international independents. And if I look at where the growth will come from percentage wise, we still see the areas that have been the most compressed since 2014 that is going to have the highest percentage growth and that’s still Latin America, sub-Saharan Africa and Asia, still expect to see solid growth in the other areas, but North Sea, Russia and the Middle East will probably be lower in percentage growth, but overall, double-digit revenue growth for us. We are still quite confident with it.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. So, if you look at the offshore market, I think what’s going to come back first is still going to be shallow. And I think we are starting to see movement on shallow water both drilling activity as well as on rig rates, and obviously, rig rates for us are key, because our differentiated technology increases in value proportionally to the increases in the drilling rates, right. So, this is a very good indicator for us both in terms of effective pricing as well as activities. But as Patrick alluded to offshore, we see starting good signs of higher drilling activity in particular on shallow water, but it’s actually there is a little bit of movement on deepwater as well. We expect in 2018 deepwater drilling activity to be up about 8% versus 2017 obviously from a low base, but I think it’s moving in the right direction and we expect this trend to continue into 2019. So, drilling, we are already starting to see some movement and from the subsea or SPF standpoint also increasing amounts of tiebacks and more activity coming into the subsea arena. So, we are quite focused and we are quite upbeat about what’s happening in subsea at this stage.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. In terms of product lines, I would say where we are. We don’t have a lot of spare capacity in any of them, but it won’t that we will I think be out of capacity first, it’s going to be everything related to drilling and broadening that, the other product lines that we have as part of our lump-sum turnkey projects as well, so that includes part of our services, part of wireline, part of testing, which are all contributing to these type of projects. So, a pretty broad-based drive on our capacity we have seen in the past couple of quarters and that’s why there is no one I would say product line that stands out, maybe drilling and measurements and their high-end technologies given the fact that we have a strong pull on that internationally, but also in North America land. So if anything, I would say high-end technologies from drilling and measurements is probably the one that is in the highest demand, but I would say it has been a pretty good pull on our broad-based capacity for most of the product lines related to well site activity. As to where the growth is coming from, it’s back to what I said earlier. The highest percentage growth we have seen in the most compressed area, Latin America, sub-Saharan Africa, and Asia, we have over the past 12 months or so, steadily redeployed capacity to make sure we have an ideal setup of capacity where the growth is going to come, but in terms of pricing, it is probably likely to say that Latin America, sub-Sahara and Asia is where we would get pricing maybe stronger than in the other regions given the stability of activity we have had over the past couple of years.
Paal Kibsgaard: To be honest with you Bill, we don’t – you don’t have a lot of visibility as of yet on Q1 in terms of those type of details. But I would agree with your kind of high level analysis that with less, yes year on product sales, the sequential impact Q4 to Q1 should be somewhat bumping. That I would agree with. But we have – we always had a view on next year, we have high level view of how the market is shaping up. We have been run into kind of the detail analysis of Q4 – sorry Q1. We will do that during the course of the coming quarter. But I agree with you that the absence of year-end sales should ideally dampen some of the sequential drops that we typically see in Q1.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, alright. So the outlay we had on severance in Q2 is basically the implementation of the reductions we did earlier this year associated with the lost step and the change of the organization. So this is not something new. In certain jurisdictions, there is a bit of time needed from the notification of the individuals we have to let go and feel that is implemented. And just reflecting the cash payments or that charge that we took earlier this year associated with that organization. So, beyond that, there is no continuous charges or outlays we have on severance, it is all linked to that one bigger thing we did earlier this year with a bit of lingering in the implementation due to local labor laws.
Paal Kibsgaard: Onshore U.S., it is a tight market obviously for the coming quarter or two. On the frac side, there is lower activity in which case some of the crews that we have operating today we will need to temporarily lay down and the way we do that, we look at these things individually whether we have to lay people off or we can try to furlough or try to bridge it in other ways with respect to the other businesses we have in U.S. land. So, this is what our operating people are looking at on a daily basis to try to minimize the impact on our individual employees. And at the same time, I would say maximizing our ability to ramp back up quickly again both in time and in terms of quality. So, it’s a balancing act and this is just the nature of the very dynamic U.S. land market and that’s something we are used to dealing with and we are dealing with as best we can. But, you are right directionally, that it’s a tight labor market in U.S. land and actually the only thing that’s impacted really in terms of both activity and pricing at this stage is frac. The drilling business and our lift business is more or less unaffected by the softening or these off-take constraints. It’s the frac that is the main driver. So, we are going to be managing this, Jim, as best we can and it’s just another curveball that we need to deal with and that’s what we do for a living.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, thanks for that, Jim. Latin America for next year will be solid. I think like I said earlier, Latin America, sub-Sahara and Asia are the ones that we still have seen the largest revenue compression. There has actually been a couple of quarters now with quite decent sequential growth in Latin America. Due to mix and just various ways things are panning out, it’s going to be flattish in Q4, but it doesn’t change our view for ‘19. I think we are looking at solid year-over-year growth again in Latin America in 2019.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, we have not seen any major shift in the activity projections for the other basins. So, I think that’s going to be continuing along the path that we already had established whether this is the Northeast Bakken, Haynesville or Eagle Ford. So, no real change to that. And I think the interactions we have with customers around the Permian is that there is still a very positive outlook. The growth we have seen production wise over the past couple of years was almost bound at some stage to kind of hit the infrastructure constraints and I think the industry there is very active in de-bottlenecking both the infrastructure when it comes to pricing, but it’s a lot of other challenges that we have as an industry in the Permian region from all sorts of infrastructure, which we are obviously participating in those discussions. So, although there is going to be a couple of quarters with the challenges there, I think the overall customer sentiment on the Permian is quite upbeat and we are also committed to them and to the activity in the region, right. But we are just going to have to manage now the next couple of quarters. And I think there are three dimensions of infrastructure challenges. It’s oil or crude, which I think will be addressed the first, but there is also challenges around gas off-take and NGLs, which also is going to have to be addressed right and the industry is working on all three aspects.
Paal Kibsgaard: No. I think it can absolutely be solved through technology. A lot of this has to do with the conformity of the frac to make sure that we frac every cluster that we perforate and we have diverse technologies that we have been promoting to the market for several years with some off-take, but I think this is likely to accelerate and it’s also about how you ensure that your frac stays within the allocated rough volume that you have for the well, which is more of a far-field conformance that you are looking for and we have technologies in terms of how we design the frac fluid to address that too. So, all of these things I believe are addressable, but it requires a bit more of a reservoir focus on how the wells are drilled, how the wells are fracked, and we need a little bit more data to make sure that we do the right things here. But the measurements are available, the analysis and interpretation of the measurements are available and the remedies that we need to do to the frac fluids are also available. It’s just a matter of adopting these technologies. We have them all ready to go.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. I mean, we have integrated drilling projects, of which LSTK is one of the business models of it. We have project of this ramping up in many parts of the world. You rightfully allude to the Middle East, where a lot of them are happening. We have these types of projects in Saudi Arabia, in the Emirates, Iraq, India we will be probably starting up soon in Kuwait. So, there is a lot of activity along this business model, which we like, because we are entirely in charge of our own destiny. So if we drill better, if we outperform what the norm is in the market, we benefit our customer and at the same time, we are able to drive our margins up. So, to your questions about the ramp, it’s been a big ramp for us this year, which we are happy to take going one way, because it means we won a lot of work, but at the same time, it impacts the incremental margins and the cost base, but I would say that by the end of this year, these projects should be fully mobilized, the cost should be absorbed and we should have a very, very good platform for growth in all these areas as we go into 2019. So, I would expect 2019 for sure to be up in terms of IDS or integrated drilling services revenues and the margins should start to come up as well. We have both the benefit of less mobilization cost, but also as we get quickly off the learning curve on these projects, that again is going to further give us tailwinds on margins. So, I think you will see very strong growth for our integrated drilling business in 2019 and we expect that to continue into 2020 with a steady improvement in margins as we go along.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, that’s fine. That’s a good question, Dave. So, we started on this about 3 years ago in terms of investments. And our view at the time was that to further improve full cycle returns in this market, we wanted to have part of our sand value chain internally sourced. The main reason for that is that in the up-cycle, there is always a massive inflation in both the sand cost at the gates of the mine, rail, transloading, and trucking. So we decided at the starting point that we wanted to internalize part of this, because that would significantly reduce our cost base in the upturn and these things are easily mothballed in the downturn as well. So, if we chose to actually buy it off the market entirely in the downturn, where certain players are willing to sell it probably below cost, that would be one contributor to driving full cycle margins. Now, since then we have seen an emerging trend from our customers, who have also seen that there is a lot of inflation in this part of the value chain to the point that are starting to break at the way they bid the frac work up into individual products as well as services. This has always been integrated in the past, where the frac company is the one that basically handles the supply chain for sand. But at an increasing pace, we see a separation of sand and service in terms of how the work is bid out. So, in this process, we have stepped up a bit further, our investments into the value chain to the point that we are now pretty much self-sufficient. On sand, we have a pretty good fleet when it comes to last mile and we have also bought mines which are fairly closely associated with where we do most of our activity. So, we have a couple of mines in West Texas, in particular, which is very, very key for our operations there. So, what started off to kind of drive full cycle margin has now kind of played into our favor into a major industry trend, which is the separation of sand and services in the frac market. So, we have done this through organic investments. I think we have made some very good deals in the process. We don’t have anymore sand mines that we are looking to buy at this stage. We are where we need to be. So the vertical integration is done and we see now the opportunity, like I said, obviously, first of all to supply our OneStim frac business with very competitive costs for sand, but at the same time, there is now a flurry of individual sand bids which we can also participate in using the investments and the capacity that we have already sunk in. But we have no plans on investing further into this. We have done the investments. We have done them I think at the right time. And we kind of saw that industry trend coming and that’s what we are now benefiting from.
