Olivier Le Peuch: No. Thank you, Dave. So indeed, first, to put things in context. I think the international growth started to be rebounding last year. I think, as you know, year-on-year in the second half last year, we had already posted more than double-digit growth year-on-year in the second half. You can see that on this quarter, we’re already at 10% growth year-on-year and the majority of our international geounits actually posted double-digit, and quite a few above 20% year-on-year. So clearly the momentum of activity pickup internationally has been initiated, and it’s not only short cycle, it’s short and long cycle as some FID have already been signed last year and more are coming in the way. So now looking ahead and trying to understand how this is hedging in the future. I think, first, there is a dynamic of call on international supply that will continue to happen as the demand recovery is happening and as the market is looking for energy security and enhanced diversification of supply. So international basins at large will benefit from this dynamic in the years to come. Secondly, you have the dynamic of short-cycle response to the tightness of supply as we face today and we will face for the quarter to come, and this will prompt not only activity of cycle in the second half of this quarter and in the subsequent quarter in all the short-cycle basins from Middle East to some short-cycle activity offshore and it will be supplemented in the second half by an acceleration of the long-cycle development. Indeed, we believe that the conditions are set for long- and short-cycle to be contributing at the same time to the supply growth of international market. And long-cycle is not only offshore, long cycle is some large capacity expansion, that national company, majors, are continuing to post. And offshore market, we’ll also see the condition of major and international operator continue to expand their investment. So, we are seeing this happening today. We are seeing this accelerating in the second half visibly as the combination of short and long run benefit the international market. And the OPEC+ as you know is ending their quota distribution at the end of the third quarter and this will unlock short-cycle. If you were to look at Middle East, a few countries have already made a commitment to capacity expansion in 2022 and beyond, and this will be supplementing the short-cycle investment. Offshore, you have seen some FID approval, you have seen some exploration drilling resuming last quarter that would just turn into FID and into subsea and the deepwater activity uptick in the second half and furthermore in 2023. So, the conditions are set, as I said, for both short- and long-cycles to contribute to supply from international basins, and we are very well placed to respond to this considering favorable market exposure to international markets, our market position with NOCs, and our exposure to both major and independents into key basins internationally.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, I will comment in two sides. First, offshore markets remain very relevant to many of our customers internationally, very relevant. Why? Because the economics of offshore market both shallow and deepwater have improved a lot in the cycle. Secondly, many of these offshore reserves are very well placed from a carbon footprint and I think this is something that plays again to reinvestment and expansion. And, third, I think the technology, the integration capability, and digital have made offshore operations more efficient, more effective, have an impact on short cycle offshore infill drilling, tie back with huge technology differentiation we have there, and exploration -- in near-field exploration on one hand. And secondly shorter, long cycle. That is a characteristic that we see accelerating as the majors and IOCs and some NOC that have unique basin – advantaged basin. We want to accelerate the FID and we want to accelerate the execution of the FID for contributing supply. And, again, integration capability, technology for performance impact, and digital will all combine to make this a reality. So yes, we have already seen the impact of this, and is only set to accelerate and will not necessarily link to the event happening the last few weeks. The last few weeks event will have the consequence of diversification of supply and security of supply. And this will favor offshore basins as one of the best things that can contribute to the long-term supply security.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think the conditions are set for directionally going there, clearly, and I think you have several factor playing. First, the level of activity expansion globally in every basin for every division is creating the condition for tightness in the capacity of supply, of the service supply and the equipment supply. And these conditions are extremely favorable for pricing power, because our operators, our customers, are looking to secure capacity and to secure delivery assurance as they reinvest into their basins, into their favorable assets to secure this participation to this supply market share. So, first, the pricing movements as I said or the pricing attributes will be a key characteristic of the cycle. Secondly, I believe that the industry has realized that technology can make a huge impact on performance, on carbon footprint, and on digitalization to deliver efficiency that we need to accelerate the cycle and deliver assurance of delivery of these extra barrels. So we believe that we have here the condition for an upside on the technology adoption, an upside on digital transformation of the industry trying to achieve operation automation, achieve drilling autonomy, in terms of operation, and all that will combine in addition to decarbonization. So you have these trends that are new, that will augment the mix effect that this market is giving us today. We have a favorable mix, international and the accretive offshore mix. We have a favorable pull and stretch on capacity of the industry with significant discipline on this side of the industry that will lead to pricing expansion. And finally, you have this adoption of digital, adoption of decarbonization, and adoption of any fit-for-basin performance technology that can make an impact, to deliver, because industry wants to deliver and participate fully to this cycle. So that’s the reason why we are positive on this cycle.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. I think you laid the case very well, I think, digital will be an attribute of efficiency, performance, and transformation in the cycle, no doubt, everybody recognizes it and everybody’s investing towards participating to this digital transformation. We believe with our platform strategy, we have certainly the most compelling offer to the market. And we have been building as you heard before, for the last 3 to 5 years, the foundation of our platform, and we have seen adoption accelerating last year. So year-to-date, I’m very pleased with the performance – the early performance of the year to our digital business out of our Digital & Integration division. It is already contributing to visible growth year-on-year. All the metrics that we are internally following be it the customer adoption of our DELFI, be it the number of users that are using our cloud-DELFI capability, or be it the number of, the scale and intensity of multicycle, of computing cycle adoption, all these are going sequentially and year-on-year, up. So, adoption is happening, you have seen some enhancements have grown during the quarter. And you continue to see adoption translating into contract and into growth, accretive growth for digital. Finally, I think, as we mentioned into the EPR, we have been announcing a year ago our INNOVATION FACTORI. INNOVATION FACTORI, our digital collaborative center that we have placed strategically and we just integrated the last one yesterday in Oslo, Norway. And we are using these places to expose our customers to the capability of our platform with AI and machine learning using our partner capability, integrating into DELFI. And the customer realized that we can achieve a lot. We have delivered 200 projects collaboratively for customers and the customer understands the power of our platform through this exposure and then come away with the ability to scale for enterprise deployment from this INNOVATION FACTORI capability. So, this is one other dimension of adoption that we see and as part of our offering to the market. So, yes, we are convinced this will be accretive to our growth this year. And this will be also having a fall-through -- a positive fall-through of our margin that will support our margin expansion ambition for the full year.
Olivier Le Peuch: It’s a very relevant question. I think it’s a very topical subject with the operators, and indeed, we are seeing operators preparing, planning and being ready for accelerating their gas supply to the world market, internationally and in North America as well. I think this is touching all aspects of exploration, development, and production of gas. And we are very pleased for our exposure, our exposure in North America and exposure internationally. Internationally, as you know, we have exposure in conventional gas. And, I think, you have seen some recent announcement of renewing contracts in commercial gas in Saudi, you are fully aware of market exposure in Qatar, that we have benefited for the last 2 years that have already grown visibly to commit more LNG train for supply to the world. And you have seen also that we are going to participate fully and we are participating fully into offshore integrated gas development, similar to what we did a few years back with Zohr in East Mediterranean, we are doing with an asset for fully integrated gas in Turkey in the Black Sea, where we are taking care of everything from development to the gas facility that will be from – that will deliver our first gas from this. So, we are very well exposed. And finally, unconventional gas internationally in the Middle East, particularly, is getting significant support for regional consumption and you are fully aware of the contract, very large contract, integrated contract, we have with Jafurah in Saudi Aramco. So, the exposure we have on gas is unique, conventional, unconventional, offshore, onshore. So, and finally, if I have to add one dimension of technology onto it, I was very pleased. This week we brought the Board to participate to visit in Norway. And we had the opportunity to visit excellence, our Center of Excellence, for subsea processing in Bergen, Norway, where we are manufacturing all of our processing boosting equipment to serve gas markets in deepwater subsea environment. And in particular, the subsea wet gas compression that will be deployed for Ormen Lange to extend the life of Ormen Lange gas supply to UK for the long run. So, these participate in the energy security, these participate to the gas development and production and we are very pleased with our exposure. So we are seeing signal of acceleration commitment, and we are very well leveraging that for the future.
Olivier Le Peuch: The main agenda, as you know, I think would be to achieve 2 or 3 key elements. The first is to lay out our updated view of the mid- and long-term outlook for our industry. And, of course, the engines that we want to participate fully into, the core, the digital, and new energy, and as such document our view of the market scenario and the way our play will expose us to fully participate in each of these three. The second, obviously, will be to articulate the elements of the strategy that will make you understand the tangible progress we have made, the critical milestones we’ll meet by 2025 or by 2030. And, finally, we’ll document, I will say, our financial ambition, and financial and capital framework to support this ambition of our strategic execution for the next 5 years and with the long horizon of 2030 for a target. So that’s what we are aiming to achieve this Capital Market Day.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think, generally speaking, I think, it is not only Saudi Aramco, or Saudi and UAE. I think it is the GCC countries, and includes Iraq as well, I think, that set are for a significant rebound in both short cycle to respond to the unlocking the quota at the end of the year and then long cycle with capacity expansion commitments that several countries have made. So, we expect the consequence of that would be, first, in the second half of the year, activity will start to see an uptick in the form of short cycle, and that will affect both Reservoir Performance and Well Construction. And we will see also this expanding into offshore and onshore capacity expansion more into 2023. As you know, several contracts have been put in place to support this capacity expansion by this operator with first and the industry at large. And this will see an acceleration of investment in 2023 that will expand beyond the short-cycle visibly into this new development, new capacity, beyond what is happening today on gas and unconventional happening today in some of the integrated contract we already own. So it’s -- it will be widespread, I would say, and across the --all the divisions as we move into 2023.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, it remains – our new energy remains a critical strategic pillar of our long-term strategy. So, we are set to continue to invest into the venture we have created. We are making tactical moves and strategic moves to accelerate organic and inorganic investment. And we continue to monitor the market and continue to hedge and grew exposure to this. So, the market condition that have slightly changed in last few weeks, do not change our view on the new energy outlook. We have been seeing some reinvestments, and you have seen this during the quarter, into geothermal as an alternate source of energy. You have seen that geoenergy being through the Celsius Energy venture that we have created was - is- a domain that was identified by EU, the European Union, to be invested in to substitute gas and hence, to lessen the dependency on single source of supply on gas. And I think you can certainly anticipate and see that CCS at large is growing as an opportunity for oil industry. And for us, as we work not only with industry as you have seen the announcement we made with PETRONAS, but also we are working beyond the industry, as you have seen previous engagement we have and continue to do so. So, I think, we continue to develop and mature the technology, ready for scaling them, and we continue to make organic investments and securing inorganic opportunity to augment our capability into that space.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think, we have been commenting on this before. And, I think, we’ll provide a very comprehensive view at our Capital Markets Day. And, I think, the biggest and long-term bigger potential is both on CCS and hydrogen market, we believe, first and foremost. And believe that the energy storage including lithium processing or extraction, as well as energy, stationary energy storage, as well as geo-energy, geothermal, are certainly shorter-term and mid-term opportunity that we’ll not miss to secure. But we’ll come back with more detail and more, a better framework for you to understand our ambition there.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. First, I think the OPEC+ indeed has been very strict into implementing the policy in respect to the quota. Second, I think with very few exceptions, the GCC has been able to indeed unlock this production without significant, at this moment, significant increase in short cycle activity to support that increase. This will position into necessary investment into supporting the sustained capacity in the coming months. Until then and until now it has been that the production of some critical countries were below their sustained capacity potential, hence the need for reinvesting, the need for accelerating investment, drilling or intervention, was measured and was not necessarily disproportionate compared to the past. I think you will see that transitioning into the second half, and accelerating next year and it will combine with a capacity expansion they have committed to. So they will be a hike in activity on two fronts, the short cycle to this time sustain maximum capacity that is established and an investment that will expand this sustained capacity in the future. So that is set to happen. It wasn’t necessarily a big surprise to us. I think that Middle East was a bit of behind in terms of activity rebound internationally until now, but you will see this catching up in the second half and accelerating in 2023.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think it’s obviously an extremely dynamic situation. For one, the sanction is certainly having an impact on the Russian economy and our operation will not be immune to this effect. But as currently, currency fluctuation, as you have seen, our customer activity level today or tomorrow. So – and there is also possibility of further sanction, so the impact of the first quarter, as you have seen, was essentially limited to currency depreciation and dilution. It’s very difficult at the moment to predict what the impact may be in an upcoming quarter considering the uncertainty. On the flip side, as I’ve described, the environment that we see and the dynamics we see in the market, and the anticipated response to this call for energy security is creating the condition to offset this uncertainty and offset this risk. And also, the decision we have made to suspend new investment will mean that we will be able to allocate this CapEx to this upcoming opportunity effective this year, and then being able to capture this upside in activity in this dynamic environment. And as you say, should allow us to offset and keep our financial ambition intact.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think there are 2 elements I think we need to-- we should really -- separate here. The first is the transitory temporary impact we have had on the excessive cost of logistics, and delivery supply chain bottleneck that we have to work through that had led to temporary costs that I think will over time abate and will reduce as we work through this supply chain. We have a corrective action plan with diversification of source of supply, using different logistics routes, and you heard about our commitment to some critical safety stock for inventory to secure less disruption going forward. So, this disruption aside, that has had consequential cost, supplementary cost impact, I think we expect this to be more subdued, as we go forward and we start to accelerate our conversion of our backlog. So what do we need? I think we have already this in the backlog. We have a very big backlog that we have accumulated for the last few quarters, that we keep growing. And it’s not only subsea. Our Production Systems is made of subsea, as I mentioned, I think we are very proud of some of our market position in subsea, including what we have seen in Norway, but also have a completion with a few contracts that we won in the Middle East, in Brazil, in particular, artificial lift, PCP pumps that you have seen that we have won just in Kuwait, with very good position; Production chemicals that are being pulled as well. And our midstream and surface Cameron capability that are fully leveraging, particularly surface, the upcycling in North America. So if you combine all of these, we have not only short-cycle exposure with surface in North America of completions, artificial lift, we have long cycle with deepwater, and some of our long-cycle participation into some gas facility, as I mentioned, in Turkey. You combine all this and you have enough backlog to lift and create an uplift into our growth going forward and actually indicative of Production Systems to be accretive to our growth in the second half.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think, I will not try to compare Russia margin with the rest of our portfolio. I think, I will look at it from strength of the cycle, from the lead market position we have, and from the starting point we have today with having restructured and reset operating leverage, the exposure with digital, the exposure with an increasing offshore long- and short-cycle mix; I think these attributes that convince us that our margin will continue to expand. As we have seen this quarter, we have increased year-on-year, both NAM and international margin. And we have been posting the best margin since, then, 2015. And, yet, despite an impact in the first quarter from Russia. So I think we’re looking at it, as you say, the big picture. The big picture includes investment in oil and gas for energy security, diversification that will have a call on international supply as well as in North America, and an increasing mix of short and long cycle as capacity needs to be expanded and the reserves that have been depleted through the last down-cycle for the last seven years will need to be expanded again. So that mix is what makes us confident into our trajectory of margin expansion, and into the potential uniqueness of this upcycle compared to past, and hence the confidence we have in a short- and long-term.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think, I cannot be speculating on this market condition. I think you see the same numbers as we do see. You see that there is, as I said, a potential risk of Russia supply dislocation. I think what is important is that the demand trajectory, that is recovering, and is set to further increase next year, compared to previous prediction, not only to offset that, but to also respond to the market, I think, will be contributing to overall growth, so it’s very difficult to predict. I think, we are – this is a very dynamic situation. And we are not here to speculate on that dynamic situation. We know that we have to account for assumption that it could be a demand dislocation. It could be a demand, or supply disruption from the Russia source of supply. Hence we know and we have seen our customer rotating and starting to anticipate and position themselves for participating to the call on supply that will happen from the second half of this year and the years to come. So that’s the only thing we can come up with.
Olivier Le Peuch: So, again, we cannot speculate on this. I think, we -- our first and foremost priority is to look after the safety of our people, everywhere we operate, including Russia, and to comply with the utmost diligence to the sanction – international sanctions that are in place. To speculate about what are the consequences of the sanction onto the OFS industry in Russia, I think, is something that the future will tell us what is happening. But, I think, I don’t want to be in a position to comment on this at this moment.
Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you very much. I believe that it’s time to close this call. So, in conclusion, I would like to leave you with 3 takeaways. Firstly, our first-quarter financial results represent a strong start to what promises to be a significant year for the company. In particular, the resilience and strength of our core services Divisions and the full participation in the fast-growing North America market have contributed to a very solid year-on-year growth and margins expansion. Secondly, the activity outlook is shaping up favorably as 2022 progresses and is set to support our full-year mid-teens growth ambition, despite the uncertainties in our Russia operations. Furthermore, in the later part of the year, we will gain from improving market conditions, favorable activity mix in key offshore basins and the Middle East, and broader net pricing impact across North America and international markets. Our confidence in the favorable market conditions and our mid-term outlook supports our margin expansion ambition and our commitment to generate double-digit free cash flow. As a result, we have decided to accelerate cash returns to shareholders through a visible increase in our dividend. Finally, we believe that the consequences of the current crisis will reinforce the market fundamentals for a stronger and longer upcycle, as the priority on energy security will favor reinvestment in oil and gas supply. Consequently, the outlook for the next few years is improving and, absent a global economic setback, should translate into an exceptional sequence for the industry. Thank you very much.
