Olivier Le Peuch: No, that's correct. I think, James, thank you for laying out, I think, the theme of offshore, I think offshore is a distinct attribute of this cycle as really already delivered in terms of total activity visible beyond 2019 and includes both shallow and deepwater that have both grown visibly in the last 24 months. Shallow mainly driven by addition of rigs that we continue to see coming in the Middle East and Asia region and deepwater across all the deepwater basins. And we anticipate, albeit at a more moderate rate for deepwater and shallow, the rig activity to continue to increase and the exit rate of '24 to be above in terms of rig count, offshore rig count, total offshore rig count, the total exit range of ’23. As a benefit, I think both the offshore activity and deepwater, where we have the benefit of the scale with our subsea venture will benefit. Hence, we continue to see growth, not only in '24, but running out to '25 and beyond. As I said, the total FID offshore keeps paying $100 million for each of '24 and '25, and this is not only supporting activity next year and '25, but support longevity of offshore investment beyond. So we are -- we remain very constructive on that environment. And yes, we see the exit rate to be above the last December in 12 months from now.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. Thank you, Dave. I think we have been very pleased with the activity and the way we have been able to turn this activity growth in the last 18 months and the last 12 months, particularly into revenue, benefiting from our strength on the ground in the Middle East. I think I would characterize beyond the capacity expansion and on commercial gas, which is a dual benefit for activity. I will also characterize the activity in the Middle East to be very broad. It's not two country leading this, it's almost every country in the region that we see further activity and will derive from its further revenue growth. So we are not at capacity. We don't see an inflection down of our revenue growth potential in the region, benefiting from our technology market position with every national company in the region and capability for integration to harness the part of our technology into performance for our customers, hence delivering higher revenue from rate of activity. So we are confident. When it comes to our capacity, yes, equipment capacity and everybody has been disciplined in the region. And hence, we have been responding and benefiting from pricing in the last 18 months. And as a consequence, our margins have expanded in the region and have supported what you have seen as our international margin expansion year-on-year have been a driver for margin expansion internationally. We expect this to continue as we execute 2024. But again, it's a long duration cycle, both by the nature of the investment decoupled from short-term pricing on commodities. So we remain very confident about our market position first and the market outlook and our ability to differentiate through performance, integration, technology and then continue this success in '24 and '25 and again, well into the second half of the decade.
Olivier Le Peuch: Okay. Let me come back first on some metrics that I think we have highlighted into my opening remarks. And I think this relates to the adoption of Delfi indeed, adoption of a number of users, use of cloud compute on our Delfi platform and use of additional hedge or AI capability that we offer to customers. The combination of which, as I said, has grown 60% in the last two years on a CAGR rate and the adoption metrics that we shared, both the number of users and the number of hours of complete power that we serve to our customers on the cloud have been growing by 40%. So yes, the adoption is going, both measured by, as I always said, one customer at a the time that transition from our legacy desktop offering to our cloud. And by expansion of our workflows, data, AI capability that we offer to existing or new customers. So it's a combination of a transition of the existing customers to the cloud and adoption of data and AI capability because we are offering our platform that the industry is recognizing adopting. And finally, and maybe one of the most exciting parts that adds a dimension of growth is the digital operation, both drilling and production digital operation. You have seen some of the announcements that have been highlighted in recent weeks and months. And last week, further alignment with a partner to accelerate doing automation and autonomous systems. So the drilling adoption on the operation production with our partner, Cognite. And this is supplementing, I would say, the core growth of transitioning our real sound customers from desktop to the cloud. So you have three dimensions. You have the cloud transition with existing customers and adoption of new customers coming to SaaS solution. You have the data and AI. It’s a new market. It’s a reverse of the data management that scale into the cloud and AI, unlocking the power of data through AI in our industry; and finally, digital operation. These three trends are supporting our growth ambition, both this year and next year. And this span all the customer segment across the globe, and you keep seeing some announcement of customer adoption on our solutions.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, I think you are correct first in stating that this is the distinct from our focus on the five themes that we have in new energy. And this thing from the CCS, I mentioned where we have a lot of success in geothermal. And it represents a portfolio of technology that we have, that we are developing, that we are promoting to our customers that have a distinct lower emission carbon intensity compared to existing or legacy technology and have net effect on our customer for their Scope 1 or their Scope 3 upstream as we call it, emissions, but also have the characteristic to bring efficiency. So customer is looking for low-cost, low-carbon outlook and continue to adopt this technology by contrast with alternate technology that exists in the market as they deliver not only lower carbon, but also deliver higher efficiency, which are the way we characterize this technology. So yes, we are very pleased adoption. Some technology are very unique like almost zero-carbon cement solution. Some solutions are really game-changing such as some of our both processing subsea processing solution that having a net impact on the carbon footprint of subsea operation. Some technology are disrupting for the future, such as electrical full subsea and electrical full completion technology. And hence, we are seeing accelerated adoption of this. And finally, we say that we are also seeing following the COP 28 much more interest into our methane emission management solution, and you have had the announcement we made with Eni, supporting them as a global company to make an assessment and be assessing their emission intensity from methane and proposing abatement solutions. So this is a mix of technician will continue to be going in our technology mix and that supports our ambition for sustainable future and a balanced planet, but also aligned with our customers on lower carbon, lower-cost future.
Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you, Luke. I think, let me please first with the first quarter of the subsea joint venture we have with Aker and Subsea7. I think the results speak for themselves. I think it was a direct contributor to the PS, the pollution system, performance in the fourth quarter, both on the top line and the margins. So we are very pleased. And I think as I said, I could not be more pleased than this. Now going forward, I think our objective continues to be to extract more value to synergy and to fully seize this deepwater offshore cycle that is in full fledge happening and where we see, as I said earlier, a strong outlook. So our priority is still benefit from integration capability, and as you have seen that we have announced some alliance and one of them with BP, where I think customers are approaching us organizing that subsea integration capability across the SPS and SURF are augmented by our ability to deliver and understand the reservoir as well as deliver well construction. So hence, opportunity to have integrated asset development, integrated tieback delivery and more opportunity in the space that is a full intake subsea and beyond to extract better economics and to extract more importantly -- equally importantly, a higher recovery combining our reservoir subsurface domain expertise are well placement and our subsea boosting and processing capability, all combined to extract and create a little bit of more value for subsea market going forward from economics and from production recovery. So that's where we see trends coming. And we have a portfolio that is unique with the portfolio partially on the boosting and processing and tieback capability that is unmatched in the market. And we have digital reservoir technology and our core portfolio that complements this and help and will support this alliance integration capability. So I can only be pleased with the prospects ahead of us and the feedback from our customers so far is very positive on our capability.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, thank you. I think, yes, we have commented before that we have seen resurgence and rebound of exploration activity solution appraisal in the last two or three years. This cycle has added exploration activity back to the cycle. And I think it has been driven by the desire to find new gas reserves to respond to the gas supply security concerns. And also, it has benefited from the continued exploration of oil around the existing offshore hubs in the form of infrastructure-led exploration. And also, in New Frontier replicating the success that Exxon had in Guyana and over basins. So when you look at it from where it is happening, what is unique in this cycle, it's happening everywhere. We have exploration activity, mostly offshore, that's where I think the actual success of new reserves have been mostly and in all offshore basins, both shallow and deepwater, infrastructure-led exploration in existing mature or deepwater markets and in New Frontier. So you have seen New Frontier happening in Namibia. You have New Frontier in Suriname and upcoming Brazil control margin. You have exploration in East -- West Colombia side. You have a furthermore in West Africa South. And you have what is maybe a little bit new this cycle, more exposure coming back in Asia from India, as I said, to Malaysia, China. And I think this is what constitutes a little bit of the unique cycle is broad. And it is here in our opinion to stay because the economics of offshore have improved significantly over the last couple of cycles and attribute of reserves, both gas and oil with low carbon intensity and the ability to deliver a long plateau of production is unique. So access to offshore acreage, better economics, better quality of potential geological reserves have all driven this, and we have increased the success. And we have exposure in reservoir performance with reservoir performance evaluation segments that are benefiting from it and has introduced technology that are really in high demand like Ora. And we have a lot of exposure, obviously, as well in the digital segment with our seismic data capability processing and our digital geoscience offering that both benefit from this as a consumption. So we are pleased with the market position we have, and we believe that this exposure appraisal is here to stay because it's very broad, diverse and across many basins partly in offshore.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. I think first, you have to realize that the capacity expansion program announced by the multiple country that have met their commitments extend from 27 to 30 plus, 30, 35 or 40 from the last country that have expanded this. And hence, I think the capacity will be -- continue to be seeing addition both land and offshore to respond to that capacity expansion. Gas, I think, is here for the long in the Middle East for 2 reasons. First, there are gas reserves that are really at a very good economic point, partially in Qatar, and we continue to present an LNG feed to the global gas market, but also unconventional reserves are seeing a significant investment, and we expect this to actually grow fast in the coming years in two or three countries that are focused on commercial gas. So the combination of this is giving us the confidence that the record ever investment that we have seen last year in Middle East will continue in ‘24, ‘25 and has potential to expand well into the second half of the decade.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, we're very pleased with our performance in North America in retrospect in 2023 as we visibly outperformed the rig count, and we were able to grow in sequentially visibly. And we expect indeed to continue to outperform the market, and it comes from multiple factors, the mix factor of exposure we have with great exposure in Gulf of Mexico as well as East Canada and Alaska, we will see a potential of technology adoption and giving us the benefits of our mix. But also in the U.S. land market, I think we had a transition to a fit-for-basin and technology leverage focused portfolio in U.S. land and to some extent, in Canada. And we have seen this as a success with adoption of some really unique drilling technology in particular digital CCS giving us the tailwind to outperform the market in 2023, and we see this continuing. Now the priority for customers remain clearly efficiency and recovery in U.S. land market and hence, more efficiency on the trading well construction side, more recovery, use of digital, use of ESPs and also low carbon when it matters. We'll continue to make the impact and serve us very well. And the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and offshore market performance through integration performance to execution and reliability of our execution, I think, will continue to be paramount for our customers. And as long as we continue to deliver at this level, we'll get rewarded with market position and contract and pricing. And hence, we'll be able to outperform the recount, hence our guidance up to reaching the mid-single digit in 2024 against the market outlook.
Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you, Arun. I think if I were to characterize at the highest level, I think that we have seen significant traction in the last two years and rebound of investment internationally by the international company with a delay coming from the contractual nature and also from the investment execution decision for a national company. We anticipate national company to actually grow faster in -- as we turn into 2024 led in particular by the Middle East region with leading NOCs clearly going. But I think the momentum we have gained, which was leading the pack to some extent in IOC in 2023. We expect due to the nature of our mix offshore exposure still a very solid exploration appraisal for a few of them will continue to give us momentum in the IOCs internationally. And I will not forget about the international independents that have a market position, partly in some offshore markets, and they are continuing to execute on their plan. And so we are pleased, and I think we are looking forward to the national company accelerating their relatively speaking, their growth in 2024 compared to the IOCs.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think as you remember and just resetting the scene for everyone, I think we had identified five domains in which we believe we have adjacency. We have potential, and we have a technology portfolio, we believe, to bring to market and disrupt and participate in new energy at scale. CCS showed you geothermal, geo-energy, energy storage, critical mineral. And hydrogen that are both -- that all of them have different horizons of growth and different scale potential for us. So, we have been, for the last two or three years, seeding investments, developing organically and inorganically technology position. We are very pleased with the momentum in CCS and geothermal going ahead of our expectation in terms of -- for CCS sequestration studies and participation to exploration in this market. And geothermal by its growth potential going beyond the established basins. So we believe that our $3 billion target would be a combination of organic growth on this adjacent market and inorganic development into the non-adjacent market. And we believe that CCS is likely to be leading in terms of potential contributor to this ambition, followed by likely hydrogen starting to be in a position that will more impact later part of the cycle in the next decade. So, we feel confident by the early investment we are making. I will feel confident about the development of the market, the support of the incentive across many regions and the early stage of success in CCS particularly as we execute this.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think I will turn it a little bit upside down and I realize that, well, our operators are looking at it a national company, IOCs, then looking at the demand that we continue to grow throughout the decade and realize that if they continue to execute on the capital discipline, they need to accelerate the supply coming from international market to fulfill this demand that we continue to grow and will put more pressure on the demand-supply balance. So some of them are responding for to capacity expansion program. Some of them are responding by accelerating the exploration appraisal or their development of existing international acreage that they have and development. So that's what we see. It applies to both for oil and gas. And gas is being more driven by regional dynamics on either consumption or gas security access, be it Asia or be it East Mediterranean to feed Europe, Asia for energy security and domestic consumption. Both these factors are driven by demand. The economics at the current level still favorable for long-cycle investment. The price of offshore international development and the economics have improved through the cycle, the benefits of efficiency, integration, technology have turned into making the offshore investment more attractive for the long run. Hence, it has reattracted investments. I will not try to comment on the industry needs more or less. I think the industry is certainly having the incentives today and have put a program in place with the FID pipeline that confirmed that it is attractive. It would be met with demand in the long outlook. Hence, our confidence into the longevity of the cycle internationally and into the breadth and resilience across oil and gas of the investment profile we are seeing from operators.
Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you, Leah. Ladies and gentlemen, as we conclude today's call, I would like to leave you with the following takeaways. First, our fourth quarter and full year 2023 results underscore SLB's differential ability to general returns throughout the cycle. We delivered strong revenue growth and free cash flow above expectations and continue to expand EBITDA and operating margins. With momentum across our three engines of growth and our returns-focused strategy in place, we will continue to build on this success in the year ahead. Second, the macro environment remains very compelling for our business with investment and activity predicated in international and offshore basins. Combined with tight service capacity and an emphasis on performance and digital, we are well positioned to expand our lead by delivering exceptional value to our customers. Finally, I remain very confident in our strategy and impressed by the outstanding performance of our teams. I'm fully confident in our ability to deliver our 2024 financial targets and continue increasing shareholder returns. I look forward to sharing our progress with you throughout the year. With this, I will conclude today's call. Thank you all for joining.
Stephane Biguet: So look James, yes, we are still growing going into '24 and beyond. But this level of CapEx we spent in '23, we think remains adequate for this year as well because you have to think about the mix of activities as well amongst all divisions. So we think we can very well address the upcoming growth within this envelope without having to increase normally throughout the year, unless growth is much more than expected. But we were comfortable with this, and we will remain indeed within our guidance, and it's actually the low end of our guidance on the CapEx side.
Stephane Biguet: Scott, yes, we were also very pleased with the fourth quarter and full year free cash flow and indeed in the fourth quarter, it's coming almost entirely from the working capital. So now we do expect, as I say, 2024, to be another very strong year of free cash flow, and it will show the same quarterly pattern we usually see. So in the first quarter, the working capital will clearly increase. We have the payment of annual incentives to employees as you may know. And then we'll have the reversal of certain exceptional items that occurred in the last quarter of 2023. So we'll see the effect in Q1 as usual, but then this will be followed by a gradual improvement in subsequent quarters, in line with what we observed this year. So hopefully, we can have another very strong finish of the year in 12 months from now. And deliver a strong performance as well.
Stephane Biguet: Clearly, we see upside in '24 and continued margin expansion as we expressed earlier, really, the -- I'm sure you will calculate, but our guidance of mid-teens EBITDA growth in absolute dollars will be achieved with revenue growth, but clearly with margin expansion across our core and in digital, as I mentioned. So yes, we continue to see margin expansion. We have great operating leverage. We have pricing tailwinds in our in our backlog and new technology adoption, and this is pushing margins together with the favorable mix, as you well know, offshore is helping margins as well. So, it's subside -- it's continue to subside from now on.
Stephane Biguet: Thanks for the question, Roger. It's really the way we look at it is it goes beyond the dividend. We prefer looking at the total payout to shareholders, including buybacks. So the dividend itself, yes, 10%. We're happy. We can do this. We're happy it was approved by our board. It's on the back, of course, of the strong free cash flow generation we had in '23 and our confidence we can replicate that in the future. But we want to go at the right pace so that it remains sustainable in the future, and we can do more dividend increases in the future as long as they are reasonable. But again, total payout is what we are focusing on. We are increasing it from $2 billion in '23, including buybacks to hopefully more than 2.5 in 2024. So, if you back calculate this, of course, with the new amount of dividend, that means a minimum of $1 billion of share buybacks. And as the year evolves, we will review that every quarter, and we'll address that potentially above the $1 billion minimum as relevant.
