Olivier Le Peuch: Great question, James. So thanks again. Indeed, we are set to continue to execute our strategy for improving our return above cost of capital. That's the foundation, okay. And we'll do that in several ways, cash flow, margins and discipline on capital, obviously. So you have seen that we have not wasted the crisis, as we could say, taking the opportunity to restructure our organization to reset to the new -- what we expect in normal. And I think we have done that in anticipating that the market will be structurally smaller, albeit it will be defined by new attributes. One of them is the basin attributes where we believe regionalization will become more critical, hence the creation of our Basin structure to support our clients in the basin to outperform in every basin, and that's the fit-for-basin strategy that is in light there. The second, obviously, transition is digital. I think digital is happening everywhere, in the office, in operation, in all aspects of our workflows, and we believe that this is a transformative step that we are ready to support. And last, I would say at a very high level, I believe that Production & Recovery will become more critical going forward as the mature assets will have to be -- the return on mature assets will have to be improved. And at the same time, energy transition from gas technology up to midstream as well as transition to new energy. I think this will give us the digital, the production recovery, the energy transition starting with gas, will give us the element of growth that will then leverage our new operating platform with the division basin as you have seen restructured to give us the opportunity to much expand our margins and reach and exceed our return above cost of capital. That's what we are set to achieving, James.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think there are three elements. I think the first and foremost and the one that have the most impact to date in our quarter results is the restructuring we have done when we adjusted our permanent structure and variable costs to the new normal and to the new level of activity as we foresee. And I think this has a significant amplifying impact on our return to margin expansion. So the second factor is a continuation of our strategic action in North America that aims at high-grading our portfolio and taking step to make sure that we retain and continue to invest in portfolio where we believe we can differentiate and create return above our threshold. And third is the leverage of our international footprint. So when you combine the core [inaudible] and structural adjustments that we have done to lift and reset our earnings power, the action we have taken to enhance significantly our margins in North America, our play in North America and international mix leverage, all of this will combine to elevate and gradually build our EBITDA margin to the 20% of EBITDA of 2019. And we don't need much growth to achieve this.
Olivier Le Peuch: Okay, a comprehensive question, Angie. Thank you. So first on digital, is it accretive? Absolutely. It's accretive today. It's accretive tomorrow. I think it will be accretive in the future, at a step that is certainly pulling our margins up. And I think what we are looking for to accelerate is our growth CAGR, so that it is accretive not in the future at a larger scale. So digital is and will be accretive on the way forward. Absolutely. The second question you asked is on the EBITDA of 2019, if I understand correctly, what you asked for, Angie, to reiterate. So yes, I think we are clear on our ability to deliver this EBITDA margin improvement to 20% above in the short term. And the mix we need, as I said and commented with James, is very clear. It's a combination of international, our restructuring and the international exposure that we have that are greatly accretive to this. Finally, you asked a question about when and how we will go beyond this. Our mid-cycle margin ambition is above that level. We are at a trough, at operating already very close to this 2019, having operated-- or reset of our margins. Our expectation is continuing to grow and expand, again, building our international franchise, building and accelerating our digital and being the full proof on this, but also continue to execute on our capital discipline, capital stewardship that will high grade our portfolio and will resolve some of the still outstanding underperforming business units. So, you combine growth internationally, the power of digital and our discipline on capital stewardship and addressing our underperforming contract, you have the recipe to expand the margin beyond this 20%. And you can make the math. I think we would expect indeed that with half the revenue coming back from 2019, we will expect to be in a position to reach or exceed this dollar EBITDA contribution. So, I think when is this happening, some time in the future, not 2021 clearly. 2022 will be the beginning of a cycle of international expansion, that's very likely. And after that, there will be some time but we believe this is in sight and that's what we are working to towards.
Olivier Le Peuch: I'll let Stephane answer some, and I will answer on the customer engagement. Please, Stephane, on the transaction.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, I can only reinforce that I think our value proposition, the value proposition of Liberty on the market with our existing customer, I think, is undoubtful very strong with this platform, as you pure play-- the largest pure-play frac company. But we are putting in place the contract and service-level agreements across both companies to cross-license technology and to create pull-through so that we can extend the Liberty workflow and the value proposition of well site, and we can pull them on some of the contract we have on well construction, over contract to where we participate across and around the frac operation. So clearly, for both the -- beneficiary on both.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think first and foremost, our strategy will evolve around a digital platform, establishing a digital platform for industry, both from the -- in the geoscience subsurface side, building on our desktop offering today and building up on our market strengths and establishing with what we did with OSDU, an open-platform foundation with data ecosystem shared with the industry and offering industry as the foundation for this. So we believe that this transition to the cloud will cement our desktop leadership position we have today and expand and create growth opportunity with new transition similar to the Chevron, similar to the Suncor, similar to the Woodside transition that we are doing with the DELFI core expanding into the cloud. So this alone is a growth avenue. The second one is digital operation, as I will call it. And I think it extends DELFI to the drilling or to the production space. But also, we have been extending and using the concept of digital platform to also introduce what we call Agora, a gateway and a platform that offers opportunity to plug AI or edge application on equipment. And I think you have seen two examples of which we described into the press release earlier today and I think this is an expansion. So that's the second axis of expanding beyond the core or beyond geosciences and expanding into operation. And the third, I think, is the domain of AI and of offering services for our customers to extract more from their workflow across and using an element of our platform, not necessarily the application but using the platform as a basis for creating value to their own IP, to their own integration capability and where we act as a system integrator and we act as a support for their workflow. So these are the avenue of growth. So we'll continue to make partnership as a basis for building these platform stacks. And we will, and when as appropriate, we believe that we have -- if we believe we have gaps into our offering and in operation, or in geosciences or in AI, we will make bolt-on acquisition, as we'll call it, to supplement or to complement this so that we better respond to this and expand in New Energy or expand into the gas midstream, for example, using the same platform.
Olivier Le Peuch: So first, Agora. Simply said, Agora brings us ability to bring on every piece of equipment on the platform, on the rig, an ability to connect this piece of equipment to the cloud and to our platform and yet offering at this point, at this edge, an open platform where partners can provide and can plug their application, AI application typically, that will add value to this data feed. The perfect example is what you have seen on the PETRONAS application, where we have not been developing this video spacing analysis tool. One of our partners have just deployed their video tool on to our platform and connected to the camera and we served as a gateway back to the cloud. So we just provide a platform that our customer are licensing and installing on their equipment. And then their own partners, our partners, are creating value with AI routines or AI application at the edge that connects to the cloud. That's what people like in a secure way. Red Hat Openshift, simply said, is an ability to provide multiplicity of options for cloud deployment for our customers that offer hybrid cloud deployments on-premise and public and address the concern that some of our customers in some countries were facing that they cannot export their data to the public cloud, because it is -- data is present -- data residency issue, or they believe they need to control and have in-house premise cloud infrastructure. For these two solutions, we provide through OpenShift an ability to deploy DELFI on on-premise cloud infrastructure or on cloud that are not public cloud, hence addressing a market that we cannot address today. It's about 50% of the market today, 50% of the country that don't have or do not prefer to use public cloud for their hosting their data that we're unlocking through this. So, we are unlocking a significant part of market.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think, obviously, we see it's not only a trend that we want to capture with our existing customers. I think, obviously, some of our customer segments are transitioning into a different role as energy company and want to add to that portfolio beyond oil and gas, including some technology and some renewables in which we also have interest. And I think at large, what we have realized is that we have a technology platform. We have an ability to deploy at scale technology. We have a subsurface knowledge. When you combine all of this, we believe that we have market position that we can take, develop into the New Energy business, be it on renewable, be it on the energy storage or be it on hydrogen. And I think this is where we are developing our venture today. We are developing it in geothermal, both low-heat and deep geothermal. That's very adjacent to our business because it exploits our subsurface knowledge, our drilling, well construction, and our ability to manage heat flows from subsurface to surface and provide digital platform to control it. So that's where we're heading. The hydrogen is very, very interesting for us because it's a huge opportunity, partially led by EU, with Green Deal and there are two avenues there. One avenue is the green hydrogen or electrolyzer where we believe we, with our new venture, Genvia, are in a position to create differentiated offering in the market to provide the market with higher efficiency and more versatile electrolyzer that can feed this 40-gigawatt capacity that EU is planning for 2030. And finally, I think we will continue to also look into CCS, which is again close to our core. But not CCS application for oil and gas, but CCS application to decarbonize the hard-to-abate sector, ammonia or SMR for hydrogen production through gas. And these are the sector that outside of our oil and gas customer, that's where we believe we can add value. And when you combine all of this, this is a very exciting future with New Energy, and we are taking position today for the long run.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. I think what we see is that, clearly, I think the level of investment that's currently going into international is not sustainable, I think for two reason. I think that the demand/supply will rebalance and will create a pull on supply worldwide, and I think this will be pulling on international as well as the U.S. The North America has suffered from a setback that is creating a gap in the future supply. [Technical Difficulty] So I think short cycle is set to come back first, and then long cycle. The timing of this and the magnitude, I think, will depend on the -- obviously, on the demand -- oil demand pace, recovery pace. But what we can say is that customers are already engaging and are asking us to be ready for mobilization, be it in short or midterm, to make sure that we're not getting in the wrong direction to cut capacity beyond what they will need in the short to mid-term. So, I will expect the low-cost producer country on the core of OPEC plus to be the first to react and to rebound when the market will be there. So that includes Middle East, that includes Russia, obviously. Beyond that, I think we will see short cycle everywhere. China will continue to be executing on their energy strategy, so I don't expect this to be slowing down. And then we will see gradually infield drilling. We will see the shallow water coming back. And there's a lot of FID ready to be approved that will then accelerate back to the border. So, I think there will be a sequence in this, but short-cycle will come back, both onshore and offshore, and will come back certainly sometime in 2021 and clearly, in 2022.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, absolutely. I think it's too early to quote a number. I think it's something that we are working, and we are continuing to develop our strategy. But I think I will not call it renewable. I think it's more than renewable. And it's not--intersects renewable, but I think it's the technology approach we have and it's not necessarily -- don't expect us to buy wind farms and go after capital projects. So that's not our intent. Our intent is to continue to play and build on our strengths, strength being our technology, being a technology partner for a renewable company, being technology partner for some of our current existing customers and being technology partner for addressing a new economy, such as hydrogen economy. I think this is where we want to be. Obviously, I want this to be meaningful. I want to be at scale in the next decade for sure, because I think at that time, we want to be in a position where we believe we will be diversifying our portfolio and building and leveraging the growth that is existing in these to make sure that we are having a diversified portfolio, but still a technology portfolio and a service and technology offering with solution to this market. So again, it's a long-term ambition with short-term investments that are helping us to create market position that are unique, that will gradually being reinforced. And we'll take a bigger position on the one we believe have the most potential in the coming years.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. First, the way we define it is a full-year target we are taking. It will happen before the end of 2021. We believe the trajectory of the year with a gradual recovery will give us the opportunity to create a full year target that will be set at this level, or exceed. Do we anticipate and see more pricing? No. I think the pricing has been -- the pricing pressure has been with us for the last six years. I think, as I commented before, I think we have been giving away and the industry at large have been under pressure for this. The industry now is realizing that there's so much we can give, and we are working more collaboratively with our customers to find solutions to eliminate waste. Now obviously, large integrated contracts are still competitively priced, but we see that through performance, through technology, and through smart engagement and alignment with our customer, we're able to offset those pricing and competitive pressure and realize margin resilience. So pricing is and will remain with us in these years to come, possible headwinds but mostly on large integrated contracts. And I believe that when activity will come back, we’ll get opportunity to get back pricing in the right market.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, that's a correct assumption. And I think we believe that what will happen is that the market will consolidate around basin's position that each of the major and large independent will concentrate on their basin plays and other strengths. And we-- I believe that we have to be smart about aligning with our customers in those key basins, be it around their core assets, such as Exxon in Guyana, such as some other IOCs in Brazil or in East Africa. We will make sure that we align ourselves with those so that we maximize the uptake of market position in those basins and continue to execute our fit-for-basin and engagement with customers to make sure we maximize those position. So that's the first thing we want to do. Next, I will comment that the national oil company are part of the mix, and I think the deepwater is indeed more domain where international companies dominate. And I think we have there a very strong position. But from shallow to land, there is a lot of activity that is pulled, both short and long cycle, by national company. And in Middle East, most of the offshore activity, if not all of the offshore activity, is led by national oil company and is growing fairly well and has been more resilient than the land activity. So we will hold on those positions and make sure we continue, as we have seen some contracts have been awarded in this domain continue to post this. So we understand that the market will be structurally different than what we could have anticipated five years ago. But we believe that the position around key basins of strength from our customers and aligning ourselves with this will provide us the opportunity to capture most of this international growth coming back.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think the comment I will offer on this is that this market is a market where the exploration market sits. And the exploration market is set from discretionary spend and it includes the multi-cloud sales that historically have been a little bit of a swing that depends on the season and depends also on the exploration discretionary budget that is available for our customers to invest in future exploration acreage. So that has left a little bit of variability. The variability has been bigger in recent times because the proportionate scale of exploration has reduced. Hence, when exploration campaign comes back, which happens every other season, and when the discretionary spend on exploration through multi clients this combines to create a very strong quarter. But at the base, the related testing, wire line and digital are still performing very well. Software was growing this quarter, one of the very few product line that did grow quarter-on-quarter and did grow as an example. So, expect this to be the consequence of most of the exposure we have on discretionary exploration spend and the exploration campaign viability that we see quarter-on-quarter. This is the most of the rationale for this more than any core issue we will have in any of the product lines that are there. Now commenting on the future, we will not comment anymore on Reservoir Characterization, as we'll comment on the new Divisions that we are setting in place. And part of it will be in digital, part of it will be in Reservoir Performance Division. So, you will get more detail on this in the coming months.
Olivier Le Peuch: That's a fair assumption. I think we have some favorable and unfavorable play that we believe will balance out, and the ambition will be indeed to maintain roughly both the margins and the dollar, on an all about flat.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think the way you look at -- we look at it, is to look at the current level of activity. And we use more or less the second half of this year as a baseline. Because I think the reset for international oil company has happened in the second quarter, for independent has happened in the second and the third and for national oil company has happened in the third. So, the reset of activity has happened in the last six months. Now we believe that we have stabilized, and we have seen it in the last few weeks, and we don't believe that, aside from seasonal impact, we don't believe that there will be structural adjustment in the short term. And that's our baseline. So, from that baseline, we will anticipate this to get an upside from that baseline and to gradually recover from that baseline [of work]. Now to compare it year-on-year, including the first quarter of this year up to the mix international second quarter, including the significant effort in Middle East to increase supply early Q2, I don't think it's realistic. We have to take a baseline of the second half of this year and project forward. And from that base build back a recovery.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think we'll continue to focus on each and every business line we have operating in North America. We have already made effort to rationalize and to make sure that we operate in the basin of North America, where we believe we can sustain a differentiation and participate fully going forward. We have made a choice to accelerate some technology access and fit-for-basin in some part of our portfolio to high-grade their performance. So, I will say that all of our portfolio the entire business line, I would say, has opportunity to improve their returns by tuning. And I think what we have done on structural reset is lifting. And the business line have improved this quarter beyond OneStim, the performance of North America business line this quarter have improved. So, we have a way to go to further improve this and to target our recovery of margin in North America. And I will say that we do that on both the growth for the market where we have strong alignment, the well construction, the production recovery, the digital and we do that on the bottom line, where we continue to use technology access or restructuring to make sure that we execute with the return we desire in this North America. So, we'll continue to gradually improve the performance, that's our goal.
Olivier Le Peuch: I will not comment on that. I think we continue to look at every portfolio and we look at it from the light of does it bring us the growth and accretive return opportunity in the long run, or do we have a better way to monetize and to be occasionally opportunistic about this portfolio? So this is true for those portfolio there and as well as in other markets. But we'll continue to look at it and we will be disciplined to making the right decision for the shareholder here.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, setting aside D&I, which have both a margin expansion opportunity and growth on the back of digital, indeed, I think we can look at it from Well Construction, where we believe that our market position will benefit from the return of meters drilled worldwide. And efficiency, efficiency of our platform, efficiency of our integration capability that we have formed by putting this Well Construction. So, this has an opportunity to solidify our market leadership position and expand and get the benefit of scale. The Reservoir Performance is where we combine our subsurface and our unique service that exploits both in exploration, in development and in production intervention, the power of our service connected to the reservoir and to the unique domain knowledge. So I think here, we have unique technology, a differentiation and unique domain knowledge that when the market will need to extract and be more efficient on existing assets to find the next tieback opportunity, or to exploit an existing asset to the next life extension, we have fantastic reservoir performance technology. And last is Production System. I think here this is a story of growth. This is a story of expanding horizon beyond what we have today, which is from-- and beyond, and into the midstream. This is a story of addressing the gas market opportunity and connecting the well to the subsea to the surface, and creating unique integration, integrated production system with digital as a unique element. So, recovery through Production Systems and Reservoir Performance is what we want to propose to the market.
Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you very much, Connor. So, thank you, everyone, for having attended this call. So, before we end this call, I would like to leave you with four key takeaways. Third quarter was another quarter of operational and financial outperformance, made possible by discipline in execution. We made significant progress on the execution of our strategy, with key milestones in restructuring, North America strategy, and expanding the reach of our digital platform. The reset of our earnings power is progressing very well. We anticipate significantly improved operational leverage when we put the trough behind us and activity rebounds, providing us with a platform to materially expand our EBITDA margins and earnings. The quarter was another strong free cash flow performance in the cycle trough, a meaningful step closer to our double-digit free cash flow ambition that will support our priority on deleveraging our balance sheet. Lastly, the deployment of our new customer-focused organization and our fit-for-basin approach provide us with a great platform to capitalize on the market recovery and deliver on this path. In conclusion, we are executing our performance strategy and our determined to continue taking bold actions to secure resilience and reposition ourselves as clear leaders—both in performance measured by our customers and in returns measured by our shareholders. Thank you.
