Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. Thanks, James. You are correct. I think we are very proud of this margin expansion. I think there were several factors I will highlight first on the second quarter and then project how we believe we have sustainability of margin expansion. So first and foremost, I think the performance was led by revenue expansion, revenue growth. I think revenue growth has worked out to be at or ahead of our expectation both internationally and in North America. I think credit to our team, credit to the customer centricity, the new organization and our performance. Secondly, I think we have seen a significant effect of our operating leverage as well as operational efficiency playing in full light during the quarter, and we expect this to be the base of our margin expansion for the quarters to come. So, this was in full display in all divisions and has led to this significant margin expansion, particularly in the service-led Reservoir Performance and Well Construction. Thirdly, the revenue quality, as I recall it, was led by favorable activity mix coming from the seasonal rebound in some basins, some regions, and that included an offshore mix that was favorable to those two divisions as well as well as an exploration and appraisal uptick, mid-teens exploration and appraisal offshore quarter-on-quarter during the second quarter. So when you combine this, this is representing a revenue mix quality that I think is unique. This was supplemented by technology adoption, technology adoptions linked to our fit-for-basin solution for customers that are seeing success. Digital, as you heard during the remarks prepared by Stephane, and lately the new technology transitions -- Transition Technologies portfolio, a combination of which is creating revenue quality that is then impacting favorably our margin. Lastly and this was only noticeable in North America, we had a couple of green shoots on pricing, on Well Construction that is also starting to be recognized. So, to project this forward, I think the seasonal rebound will not always be there every quarter. The unique exploration and appraisal uptick mix that we got also will not repeat, but you can count on us to leverage the future growth in the industry, both in North America and internationally to seize the operating leverage and operating efficiency we have, the favorable mix and the technology adoption that should fuel our margin expansion going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think the progress we made this quarter was twofold. First, progress on our platform strategy. We continued to complete the platform foundations, the partnership, the enablement that give us extended market access such as what we are using from the IBM\Red Hat technology to access hybrid clouds and unlock, if you like, about one-third of the addressable market by this hybrid cloud and in-country solution we provide. And I think we have made much progress there, and I think we are in the eighth or the ninth inning, if you like, on the platform readiness for full scalability and expansion. And we made progress on the adoption of DELFI as you have seen some announcements, and we continue to progress on rolling out for accounts that have already adopted DELFI. Hence, our revenue on the DELFI and the new technology of digital was significantly accretive to our growth, significantly accretive to D&I, and resulted into margin expansion flow-through that was visible this quarter. So that will not continue to be the same every quarter. It depends on the seasonality and on the specific, but expect directionally to continue to grow.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. First, in short term, I would like to reiterate my positive commentary on the second quarter growth. It was all basins, all divisions internationally. So, it was broad and inclusive of Middle East. Now in the context of the Middle East in particular, the growth was maybe more muted or less aggressive and less accretive to the overall growth than other basins, and there are a couple of reasons for that. And the first and foremost reason is related to the supply constraints that are still outstanding on back and as such muting some of the short-cycle activity that we could have expected to rebound faster. So now going forward, there are a couple of factors that will play favorably short term and midterm. Short term, there will be a relief of some of these supply constraints that will continue to inch up the short cycle activity including Saudi. There is a commitment in Middle East for gas development. And I think Qatar was the first to expand their commitment, and we have benefited greatly from that rebound in activity for the last couple of quarters, and this will extend also to a couple of other countries, including Saudi. And lastly, as we turn into 2022, you have heard some signals from a couple of countries in GCC that have signaled that they will commit to production capacity increase to fulfill their opportunity to gain share as there will be a pull on international supply. So this will result from 2022 in combination of short cycle gas development, and long cycle across that region. And hence, they will catch up, and they will certainly be a region that will lead the activity growth and will support in second half our double-digit year-on-year H2 and next year into a strong growth going forward. Finally, if I have to make a comment on this, I think you may have seen some contract wins and contract award in Middle East. And we believe that on top of this activity growth, we have the potential to outperform and then getting a further tailwind to our growth going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. Obviously, with the results we just delivered, we are increasing our confidence in our ability to reach and expand our margin going forward as the cycle unfolds. So starting with the next two or three years, we see now a strong case for a double-digit floor as an activity growth with an upside scenario. We see that the contract wins and the market position we have will benefit us to pull from this additional growth going forward. And the operational leverage, the activity mix including offshore and the technology adoption in doing digital will all create the condition, as I commented earlier, to expand our margins. So the ambition we have set to recover the net EBITDA dollar with less than half of the -- about half of the revenue recovery, I think, are still valid. And the mid-cycle ambition to expand the margin visibly is in full play.
Olivier Le Peuch: Now it's a very valid question, and it's something that we observe, and some facts and some trends that has materialized in some index -- indices going up. But I believe that the toolbox we have, and professional and very expanse organization we have in our planning and supply chain and manufacturing organization that are used to manage some inflationary pressure has allowed us to mitigate and hedge at this inflationary pressure and contain cost inflation into -- under our rules. Now when and as this happens and on the specifics of logistics or specific material, we are engaging with our customers using the contract terms we have, to leverage an adjustment, and we have done so successfully with several customers. So we are confident that the combination of our supply chain capability with global and local leverage and the customer-centricity engagement approach we have, ability to sit and discuss the commercial terms give us the ability to support this and continue to drive forward and expand our margins.
Olivier Le Peuch: Absolutely, Scott, we are very proud of this achievement, and let me give you the three drivers for it, in terms of top line growth. First and foremost, performance in the way we execute, and I think has led to -- from cementing to drilling, directional drilling or bits market share gain with both private and with operators, public operators in the U.S. The second factor is that, as you remember, as part of our North America strategy pivot that we did initiate two years ago, we accelerated our technology access, giving access of fit-for-basin technology to some local DD company that are then using, renting or buying our equipment and using it to serve their local customers, mostly, if not exclusively, private. So this has been going quarter-on-quarter, and this is helping us to reach market and expand our market share beyond what we could do to our service arm. And finally, as I mentioned in one of my response earlier, we had some green shoots where our performance was in high demand, our directional drilling equipment was seen as unique to deliver the curve. Hence, we could extract some pricing premium. So the combination of these three have delivered this 30% plus quarter-on-quarter top line delivery, far outpacing the rig count growth. So there are some exceptional, as always, but I would expect that the dynamic and directionally this to continue going forward, particularly the market share gain.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, it's a very good question. It's something that we're working out to continue to make progress. But I think in a nutshell, I think the step change we did in some of the operational environment, our operational practice, including digital operation, has given us the opportunity to respond on the first peak of this cycle without deploying the same resource set as we have in the past, hence, getting direct efficiency gain as we mobilize and grow with the cycle. Going forward, and already initiated in some geographies where we had more than double-digit growth, as I mentioned, we had access to some resource that we onboarded during the quarter to respond to the contract we are winning. So the long cycle actually nature of international give us a bit more long-term visibility to this condition. Hence, our market approach is to target specific geographies and business line where we believe we can be generating accretive returns and growth and prepare for it by mobilizing ahead the resource or moving resource to address those. So I think we have a global access to talent. We are using a lot and at scale this remote operation. So it is a challenge for us to respond to high demand, but we believe that we have the operational environment to make it a success.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think in the early part of the cycle, I think we will use and the industry will use the excess supply that came from the compression of activity that came for the last two years. But again, we have very much professionalized our planning and supply organization. And I think from the Cameron to the asset that we have to deploy, I think we are trying to take a long-term view and scenario-based view on the future, looking beyond the 12-month horizon, and I'm starting to prepare and put some options so that we can respond to this growth going forward. Early part will not necessarily create a tightness, but the mid-cycle for sure, before the mid-cycle, this will create the condition for tightening supply and hence, some pricing conditions.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think, first, we have, I'll say, a privileged market position with most of the NOCs in this OPEC+ consortium. We have seen across the broad spectrum of these NOCs' activity starting to build back, seasonal rebounds playing strongly in Russia. And we expect, as I said, this short cycle to recover for the next two to four quarters as the demand will be lifted, as the constraints will be lifted, and we see that more than one or two country will actually commit to this capacity expansion. And we have the footprint. We have the relationship. We have the fit-for-basin to leverage and then to respond to this capacity buildup and this growth opportunity in those, from Russia to Middle East, particularly. So I feel confident that these market share pursuits, that as the market comes back from '22, '23 will be giving us an opportunity to leverage our market position and move up.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, I think as I commented before, we have to distinguish first the gas and the oil market. And on gas market, I think the activity has been more sustained, and as seen in Qatar, a significant commitment to accelerate the North field redevelopment and expansion. So that has been very positive, and we have the benefit of that exposure. And the gas remained steady and supported elsewhere. On oil, you have a mix. But in short term, it's mostly a short cycle in anticipation of the supply constraints relief. And for two or three of the country that participate to the GCC, they have already made public commitments that they will expand, and they will participate at scale into the post rebalance, if you like, of the supply and then participate to the capture of international share of supply into 2023. So that will mean plan that will materialize from planning, from contract and from execution into 2022.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. Let me first clarify, and not mix in the same umbrella, the New Energy portfolio that we have developed with the purpose to create a new chapter beyond oil and gas to participate at scale to the energy transition from hydrogen to CCS and geo energy or lithium, as you have heard, from the Transition Technologies that we believe are very pertinent to the decarbonization of our oil and gas industry, helping our customers to reduce their footprint, CO2 footprint, to reduce their GHG emission. And in this context, we are focusing on flaring elimination or reduction, and you are using, in particular, the Ora wireline technology to avoid returning the fluids to the surface and burn and dispose through flaring and do the reservoir characterization and testing in situ, if you like. And that's a unique technology that has significant impact on both efficiency and on the CO2 footprint for everyone using it. And we are looking at methane emission detection and containment. And we are looking at, as you have seen in the press release this morning, also the CYNARA CO2 membrane that have superior performance for large acid gas treatment, if you want, to do CO2 sequestration and capture. So you have these two aspects. So the Transition Technologies will come more and more into play. And most of the customer I meet are asking us whether we can help them and have a conversation engagement on to methane detection, flaring or other techniques that eliminate or reduce significantly the footprint of CO2 on every operation on their Scope 3 upstream, if you like, in addition to their Scope 1 direct emission. And then -- and that will be part of our technology growth, technology adoption in the quarters to come. And then longer term, we will build on our New Energy portfolio that we are building. And then once we have -- continue to build this, we will grow at scale from hydrogen to CCS and [geo-energy] (ph) with Celsius for the heating and cooling of buildings to lithium production is the pilot that we are initiating, and the contribution from Panasonic give us the opportunity to do so. So these are two different avenue for growth short term and long term.
Olivier Le Peuch: A very good question. I think first and foremost, I think let me highlight the, I think, two different, I would say, factor that will indeed leverage our current platform. First is the global deployment capability we have. We can industrialize and ship technology and deploy technology anywhere in the world, and we have done so for more than 80 or 90 years. And I think our ability to create franchise in every country from technology developed centrally or we develop locally, I think, is something that is unique, and I think that differentiates from many of the pure plays. The relationship we have and the customer base we have today will be occasionally, and I think will be the sense of the CCS where our customers have the opportunity to participate or in some of the downstream operation where they have a carbon capture or blue hydrogen opportunity could be an opportunity for us to continue to work with that customer base and expand. And at the same time, some of this company are turning into integrated energy company that will also participate at scale in the same market as we do. So that relationship will be useful, but I will more, I would say, highlight the global deployment capability. Now when it comes to capital allocation and capital deployment, I think it's very difficult to pinpoint too specific here. I think we will look again continue to mature this venture, prepare for scale as we start to, I would say, progress on our milestones, progress on our partnership and progress on the business model and the supply chain model that are quite different from the one we experience today. And then in that context, we'll make the appropriate capital allocation decision to be accretive to our long-term growth and to our returns.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think in short term, the rebalance will be mostly down to the release of the spare capacity that, I think, exists. Now if you look at the current production of the U.S., which is 1.5 million barrels or about below -- in U.S. land -- below what it was in early 2020, this gap has not yet been breached. And I think I do not expect this to be breached as we exit 2022. So there will be an increment of oil supply that we will pull on international market that the market can deliver today. But for sustainability in '23 and '24, the market will have to commit capacity. Hence, this is the reason why in Middle East and other country, you see this commitment of capacity. And this is the reason why you see the return of offshore and the commitment of FID. We have 50 FID about already to date. We expect to be 100 FID, most of them in offshore at the end of the year. This is 50% more than it was last year, and the trajectory is towards 150 -- another 50% increment after that. So now going forward and expanding beyond, I would expect within the next two to three years, obviously, with this dynamic and the pull on the international supply will create the floor of activity to reach and/or exceed the level of 2019 activity within that time frame.
Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you very much. So to conclude the call, I would like to leave you with a few key takeaways. First, the second quarter results clearly demonstrate both the strength of our market position -- particularly internationally, with sequential growth in all Divisions and Basins -- and our significant operating leverage, resulting in more than 200 basis points of operating margin expansion internationally with all Divisions contributing significant fall-through. Second, the activity and customer trends observed during the quarter reinforce our conviction in an increasingly favorable outlook with a broad recovery across all basins and operating environments and with a much improved contribution from new technology adoption. Third, and absent further COVID setbacks impacting activity or economic rebounds, we are confident that the momentum for this upcycle -- both North America and internationally, will continue during the second half of 2021 and will lead to another quarter of growth and margin expansion. As a consequence, we remain confident in our second half guidance shared previously for international growth and have increased our confidence in our full year margin expansion and cash flow generation. Finally, as we look further ahead, the conditions are set for an exceptional growth cycle in response to the call for supply in 2022 and future demand growth in subsequent years. This will increasingly favor international supply impacting land and offshore, short and long cycle globally. Ladies and gentlemen, our returns-focused strategy, international footprint, digital, decarbonization, and new energy strategic initiatives are highly differentiated, and we support our outperformance ambition throughout the cycle and beyond as we continue to write a new chapter for the company. Thank you very much.
Stephane Biguet: Yes, yes, Chase, we do have a target leverage ratio at this stage. It is going down to less than 2 times net debt-to-EBITDA. Now with our strong cash flow performance and the EBITDA expansion, we are quite confident that we can achieve this target sometime by the end of 2022. Now we will, of course, need to continue investing in our core business to fully reap the benefits of this growth cycle, but this will be done with the same discipline we are exercising today and within the target range of 5% to 7% for the operating part of our CapEx, i.e., excluding APS and multi-client. Accounting for this, however, we will still generate significant excess cash flow throughout the growth cycle. This is, of course, very good news. It gives us optionality in our capital allocation, particularly to execute our strategy and to fund our new horizons of growth. Now whether it relates to our core portfolio or expansion into digital or new energy, any new investment will be looked at under the strict lens of our return-based capital allocation framework. Beyond that, indeed, we will continue to review our shareholder distribution policy based on the sustainability of cash flows and potential exceptional cash inflows, for example, proceeds from divestiture. So this is where we will take it.
Stephane Biguet: Yes, you should actually. But you have a few offsets, and not necessarily in the same quarter, but we continue to pay severance payments. I'm talking about offsets to the tax refund, Scott. So we continue to pay severance payments with the tail end. The process is finished, but there are still payments coming. So when you put all of it together, the tax refund is not fully a plus. Now excluding the two exceptional items going opposite way, tax refund and severance, we can actually still generate the 10% plus free cash flow margin. So we should be exceeding now that we have the tax refund for sure.
Stephane Biguet: So look, Neil, hi, we -- as it relates to the divestitures we disclosed last quarter, first, the APS asset in Canada, it's -- both are progressing as planned by the way. So in Canada, we have more than 10 parties actively looking at the information in our data room, and we plan to receive first round offers by the end of next month. Good news is that the economics keep on improving. So we are hopeful we can achieve a successful transaction. The Middle East rigs, likewise, progressing. We are negotiating with the shortlisted bidders. We have completed their due diligence, and it's going as planned. So I think really, these are the two divestitures that we have over equity positions where we have options for monetization in the future such as our Liberty stake, but this is something we will -- the timing and the magnitude we'll look at in due time.
Stephane Biguet: So look, Tommy, yes, it is shaping up to be slightly above the 30%. At this level, we are happy anyway with 30% in Q2. There is a bit of seasonality actually on software and maintenance sales, which are lower in Q1. So it's kind of normal to see a nice uptick between Q1 and Q2. So -- however, throughout the year on a full year basis, yes, we'll be a bit above 30% now. This is the kind of margins, which throughout the cycle, this is a fixed cost business. So as we accelerate the deployment of our digital solutions and the adoption improves, we could see margins increasing from there. So it's quite a healthy business, and this is why we are focusing on it basically.
Stephane Biguet: I'll take these questions. So look, the -- actually, the activity itself didn't really change, and activity here is more measured in terms of production, of course. So we did have a bit of a nice windfall on increased WTI in the second quarter from our Canada asset, but it's -- in the grand scheme of things, it's not material. In Ecuador, by the way, at this level of WTI, our tariffs are either fixed or when they are variable, they are capped. And we have passed that cap. So there is little sensitivity to oil price at this level besides Canada. Now it makes it a very good time to actually monetize our assets, right? It's -- it has generated cash flow lately because of the oil price and the investment level we put in there. Historically, it's an asset that requires quite a bit of CapEx. And so when we close the transaction, we shouldn't see a big impact on our cash flow, and we'll get, of course, hopefully, very good proceeds from the transaction.
