Andrew Gould: Yes. I think we've said before and I'll say again, that the thing our customers dislike most, just like financial markets, is uncertainty. And I think that you have to assume that before 2012 starts, the European Union will come to some sort of resolution on their sovereign debt crisis. And if you couple that with the fact that actually, the supply situation is probably the tightest it's been since 2006, it's certainly tighter now than it was in 2008. And if you look at the U.S. inventories yesterday, they went below the 5-year average both for products and crude for the first time since 2008. So absent a really deep cut in demand, which would basically mean the developing economies going into recession, there's no reason at this point in time to suppose that international activity is not going to remain pretty robust in the year to come. And I totally subscribe to everything that Paal just said about deepwater exploration. The rate of success over the last quarter -- 2 quarters and actually ongoing success is really quite remarkable, and that's only going to encourage more of it.
Andrew Gould: I don't think so. I mean I don't think any of the single events you mentioned are significant enough to make a fundamental difference in an 85 million, 86 million barrel-a-day scenario. There's always going to be something else that goes down. None of these are increments that are really going to change the overall balance. The only thing that would change the overall balance will be a demand drop. And actually so far the signs of a demand drop even in the OECD are not particularly powerful. So I don't see it. I don't see that supply could change the picture in the short term. And by the way, Ole, if Paal invites me, I will come and say goodbye to you in January.
Andrew Gould: Well, I think it's not just our stock. I think a lot of quality stocks, there's a dislocation between market sentiment and the underlying realities. And that dislocation, as I sort of said earlier, I think is likely due to uncertainty, which everybody hates, which is why some form of resolution to the European sovereign debt crisis, which is going to come, is likely to be an event that will settle people's nerves. But a lot of industries, not just ours, the fundamentals are not nearly as bad as people seem to imagine. They are anticipating the worst.
Andrew Gould: I think what -- it's perhaps important to start by saying is that when I said brute force and ignorance, I never for a moment imagined that hydraulic fracturing is going to disappear. But firstly, proper characterization will reduce the necessity to geometrically frac in order to obtain a correct IP and therefore, eliminate a large amount of waste. And products like HiWAY or COPPERHEAD or other things that we're working on in Well Services in particular, will serve to provide, as HiWAY does, a better frac but using less proppant, sand, chemical and all the rest of it. So we don't -- we're not, for a minute -- that we're going to apply the unconventional just to our Reservoir Characterization workflow. It is also technology we're working on in both pressure pumping and in completions. It's a suite. But the big step forward, and you may have noticed as well that Paal referred in his commentary to the fact that we now have a unique seismic spread in one of the unconventional basins on land in North America, which is beginning to show that -- the appreciation that proper characterization before you start frac-ing is going to save you a lot of money.
Andrew Gould: Absolutely, absolutely. I'm still convinced that long term, the cost of producing unconventional gas is going to decline.
Andrew Gould: Look, I don't think that the elections have a huge impact on spending in Chicontepec. What will have an impact on spending in Chicontepec, and so far we don't seem to have a clear case, is a method of improving their recovery from this reservoir, which as you know, is extremely difficult. And while there are lots of different experiments going on, I don't think there's a conclusion on it yet. So I don't think the election will have any effect.
Andrew Gould: Only if Pemex is satisfied that one of the technologies that they're applying to improve recovery is really working.
Andrew Gould: Angie, it's Andrew. Can I remind you our rules? It's one question and one follow-up. And we do need to get our last question in. Thank you, Angie.
Paal Kibsgaard: Some of the exploration activity is obviously in our numbers and if you look at all the discoveries that we've seen, in particular over the past quarter. But I would say there is still significant growth potential in this. One discovery obviously creates a lot of additional activity around that discovery. And I think there's also a strong inventory of prospects that our customers are going to pursue. So I would say that while we have seen some increase in the high-end sales of services for both Wireline and testing and as well as in exploration software over the recent quarters, I think there is still significant upside in exploration going into next year.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. So normally, we don't go into details of the coming quarter, right? So I wouldn't comment specifically on how I see revenue growth going up. But my general comment would be that there is -- provided there's no significant changes to the plans for Q4 that we see from our customers at this stage, we firstly expect Q4 to show continued progress in line with the underlying trends that we have kind of outlined throughout the year. Looking at the consensus for Q4, I would say though that the current estimates that we see, I would say are somewhat on the optimistic side.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well again, I wouldn't comment straight on the percentage number. But I would say that I share your positive view on the activity outlook for deepwater. I think if you look at our market share position, it is already quite good. I would also say that the sell-off potential and the draw on high-end services that I would see going into 2012 for these type of operations is also quite good. So I think we are very well placed in terms of being on the deepwater rigs, and we have a very high, I would say, value outlook on the -- on our technology portfolio going into next year.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. So looking at the Q3 performance, we showed continued progress in terms of activity, and we set new records in terms of revenue and margins. So the numbers I gave you after the Q2 call -- broke [ph] $100 million for the quarter in Q2. For Q3, we had double-digit revenue growth. And if you look at the Schlumberger legacy business, which makes up over 90% of our Iraqi revenue, we have over 20% IBT for the full quarter. Now for the Smith segments that we are bringing -- we're currently bringing into the country, they are somewhat lower because we have significant startup costs as we bring them into the country. Now during Q3, we also got extensions for several of our existing contracts, and we were also awarded 3 new significant contracts that we are already mobilizing for. So I would say that we are not waiting to be profitable in Iraq. We are very profitable. And if you look at that profitability number that I just gave you, that is now getting very close to the average of MEA.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, I understand. So like we said -- like I said in my prepared remarks, most of the impact of WesternGeco seismic was -- we saw that in MEA. There was some limited impact in LAM, but not as significant as in MEA. If you look at MEA and you take seismic out, the growth in MEA was pretty much in line with the growth in the rig count, and the profitability of MEA was more or less in line with the previous quarter. Maybe slightly down, but more or less in line with the previous quarter.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think we've normally gone further than what we normally do on this. So I'm not going to go further than what I already said. I think the current consensus is somewhat on the optimistic side.
Paal Kibsgaard: Just focusing first on the margin, I'm not really worried about the Latin America margins. The reason why it dropped during Q3 is down to the revenue mix. If you look at where we grew the most, it was in Mexico and Argentina, and that had some impact on the overall margins. Brazil was still good. We had some impact from Columbia as well on an IPM production incentive project there, where we had some shortening of production. But in addition to that, the oil price obviously was down during the quarter as well, which had some impact. So when you said the overall underlying margin in Latin America, I'm quite comfortable with. In terms of the outlook, I think that's quite positive. Mexico continues to add rigs offshore and mainly on shallow water, but also some in the deepwater. We've seen a rebound in the IPM activity, both on the Mesozoic Aliansan [ph] and Chicontepec, which sort of bodes well for our Mexico outlook. And we also got 1 out of the 3 first production incentive contracts awarded in Mexico as well. So I would say, generally our outlook for Mexico is good. Brazil, as you all know, is obviously very strong. There's a continued influx of deepwater rigs in Q4. We're probably going to reach up to 64 rigs by year end in Brazil. All customers are active, both Petrobras, the IOCs and the independents. And we're also seeing a pickup in activity in Argentina related to shale gas, as well as strong activity both in Colombia and to a certain extent in Venezuela. So I think overall, Latin America is looking strong.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think there's still more lag to pricing in both Drilling and Wireline. I think we're seeing a flattening of pricing to a certain extent on pressure pumping. I think what is also going to drive the mix of the pricing in North America is Gulf of Mexico, which is -- we are now adding one deepwater rig per month. We have a very strong market share position both on Drilling and on Wireline in the Gulf of Mexico. So I think the overall pricing for -- both those market segments still have upside on the pricing side in NAM.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think cost inflation is one. But I think what is more interesting is what's going to happen to the pressure pumping pricing. As at some stage, we will approach more than equilibrium in terms of horsepower supply and demand. And so we are obviously doing what we can to manage the cost inflation on the pressure pumping side. I think what is going to be more dominant or more important is going to be what happens to the pricing going forward on pressure pumping.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. So in general, I would say that we are still quite positive when it comes our seismic outlook. Now if you look at the Marine market, Q4 and Q1 are normally softer quarters, as the vessels finish off mainly the North sea season. Now this year, we were expecting higher activity in West Africa and the Gulf of Mexico, and we also expected that this type of activity would offset the seasonal softness or weakness that I just referred to. And the fact that we would have higher of activity in West Africa and Gulf of Mexico would present some opportunity to test pricing. Now what we've seen in reality is that the ramp-up of activity in both places have been slower than expected, but we don't see this as being structural. There's basically delay in signing of contracts and also somewhat slower mobilization of additional vessels into the Gulf of Mexico. So I think we would see the normal softness that we see every year in Q4 and Q1 on Marine. But looking forward to Q2 and Q3 of 2012, the slate is already filling up quite nicely there. There's very good tender activity for all the basins: North Sea, Barents Sea, Angola, Brazil and so forth. So the outlook for 2012 is, I think, still quite positive. We were hoping to get some pricing traction at the end of this year. I think this is now pushed out a couple of quarters. But beyond that, we remain still quite optimistic and positive on the seismic market.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, absolutely. So the third quarter had a number of one-off issue. I think overall WesternGeco will be up in Q4, and that would in part be driven by higher multiclient sales. But I think also, some of the issues we had both on land and Marine are being rectified and we will have stronger performance, I would say, in all product lines of WesternGeco in Q4.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I would say overall in the rig-less activity, we have seen pretty good growth in recent quarters and I expect that to continue into 2012. I think part of our portfolio that is probably somewhat underestimated is our abilities within rig-less from Wireline cased hole to coiled tubing and to slickline, where we have #1 market positions in all of these product lines. So I'm -- we are putting a lot of effort into growing this part of our business, and I'm quite optimistic in terms of how these product lines are going to perform going into next year. And I think where you'll probably see more on growth in these type of product lines is partly on land. Now there's also opportunities offshoring it, right? But generally, I think we'll see strong growth in the rig-less activity going into next year.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think there's still some uncertainty around wellbore constructions when it comes overall rig count and so forth. But I thought this is more independent to the rig count, right? So it all depends on what happens on the rig count growth. It's a bit difficult to say. But the fact that it's going to represent strong growth, I'm quite confident in.
Paal Kibsgaard: So if you look at our original plans for 2012, we were looking to add from the 2011 levels. We are maintaining our capacity to add both from a supplier and from a manufacturing standpoint. I'm not talking about global CapEx. To what extent we will add, I think, is going to be a function of what comes out of the budgeting cycle of our customers. But generally, we are maintaining our capacity to add CapEx going into 2012.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think it generally will be higher. To what level higher, I think we'll come back to you in a quarter's time.
Paal Kibsgaard: So I think we've always been, I would say, positive on the outlook for unconventional resources internationally. If you look at some of the reports coming back, the estimated resource base for unconventional gas overseas is 6x that of the U.S. So I think we've always been positive on that. I think the main thing we've been saying is firstly, that we're going to have to go through a phase of exploration and appraisal to understand these resources internationally. And I think also, the approach to how they are going to be developed are going to be different than what we do in North America, and more in line with what Andrew just described, which is focused on a more scientific approach where there is more upfront investment in the characterization, and also it's going to have to be focused on using less resources for the drilling and completions of these wells as well. So we are actively pursuing all these exploration and appraisal projects in all parts of the world, whether this is Argentina, Colombia, Canada, Poland, India and China and so forth, right? So we are, I think, very well placed to play a strong role in the international shale market. I think the volume of activity is still going to take some time before it gets there, but I think there's been encouraging results from the exploration and appraisal projects. So I think the outlook is positive, but it's not going to be as significant as what we have seen in North America over the 4 -- in the past 4 or 5 years, in the coming years at least.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, if you look at the deepwater pricing, the -- I would say it's still generally competitive. But I think what we see on the deepwater side is that there is a continued, I would say, value puts on our technology and the integrity that we have of our operations, right? So in some cases, we are able to get a pricing premium for the performance that we are able to offer up on these very highly expensive rigs. There's also been an increase though on the high-end services that we offer up as part of the contracts on these rigs, right? So I think overall pricing on deepwater, we are -- I'm quite happy with.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I don't know. If I single out one, then I'm going to get a lot of my segments upset, right, so I'm going to have to be careful with that. But I would say that if I look at some of the key introductions that we've done over the past year, I would say for Wireline, I have a lot of hope and faith in the Dielectric Scanner. I think what this can offer up in terms of high-end petrophysical evaluations is going to be good. I referenced in my prepared remarks several D&M technologies: PowerDrive Archer, MicroScope, SonicScope. These are all, I think, going to have -- they're going to create very good value for Drilling & Measurement. We've also introduced several new drill bits technologies, in particular the spare bits, which is focused in on unconventionals, which I think is going to be good. And obviously HiWAY, without saying, has a very significant impact today. And I think as we continue to widen the customer base for HiWAY, it's going to have a very significant impact on pressure pumping both in North America and overseas. And then one other key technology, which again Andrew referenced, is the UniQ land seismic. This is a single-sensor land seismic system where you can basically house up to 100,000 channels, and it's going to give us a lot better quality images for both structure and also for endorsing the rest of our properties. And then the last part, which I also referenced in my prepared remarks, is our abilities now in terms of exploration software and petroleum system modeling. These are some of the key technologies that we have introduced, which I have a lot of faith in going forward.
Paal Kibsgaard: So in terms of trying to predict when we're getting to horsepower balance in terms of supply and demand, I'm not going to do that. I -- obviously, with a flatter rig count it's likely to happen sooner, but I'm not going to venture out and say exactly when that's going to happen. I think the impact on pricing will be a function of when it happens, but it's also going to be a question of when we think it's going to happen. So I think you will have impact on pricing even before you actually get to saturation, right? If you look at our plans with that backdrop, we are at this stage continuing to add horsepower, and we will continue to add horsepower until we see an actual change in the market, that being either change to our customer plans or change to the utilization of our assets. And we haven't really seen anything in terms of these changes yet. But we are continuing to add, and the reason for this is that we are actually looking to gain pressure pumping market share. And we are looking to gain share through our HiWAY technology, and also by bundling our pressure pumping with the shale reservoir characterization workflow that we have highlighted, right? So we are continuing to add the function of when the supply and demand is going to meet in horsepower. I'm not going to make a prediction on when it's going to happen. It will eventually happen. I think that's what I would say.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, we have a relative flexible way of handling how we add the resources, right? So we have a very good relationship with our suppliers here. So we are looking out for -- in various time horizons. So I'm not going to say exactly how we're going to add quarter-by-quarter. But we are -- we have the capacity to add throughout next year if we choose to. In terms of what part of contracts we have on terms, there's still a good mix between our spot market and longer-term contracts.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I'm going to have to give you the same answer I gave to Ole, right. We have already ventured further off than what we typically do in indicating what's going to happen to the next quarter. So I would just reiterate that the EPS consensus estimate at this stage is probably on the optimistic side.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, I think in general not. We've indicated in the Q2 call that the growth in international market is not going to be linear. So you will always potentially have an off quarter in some of these markets. But generally, I don't have any particular concerns in any parts of the international market in terms of the growth potential.
Paal Kibsgaard: I was saying that the pressure pumping pricing in the liquids-rich basins was flattening during the quarter, but we saw a modest drop in prices in the gas basin.
Paal Kibsgaard: So again, I'm not saying that it's going to happen in the near future. I'm just saying that during the third quarter, we saw flattening of the liquids-rich basin pricing, which we haven't seen in recent quarter -- quarters. And I'm also saying that there is a significant amount of horsepower coming into the market as we speak and also going into next year. So my concern on the North America outlook is what is going to happen to pressure pumping pricing.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think, absolutely. So whether you reduce only proppant or whether you reduce proppant, water and potentially horsepower, is a function of how you design your jobs, and it's also a function of what type of jobs -- what conventional type of jobs you are replacing, right? So that's one thing. But I think to your second point, it is clearly an evolving technology. We are putting a lot of effort into the application range of HiWAY, and we are also putting a lot of effort into how we design the jobs to be -- to make it even more impactful in terms of how it can reduce resources and basically provide more production for less. So yes, it is clearly evolving. And I'm actually very optimistic with the traction we are now getting with the customer base. With any new technology, and I would say also maybe in particular in North America land, it takes time to break through and penetrate the market with a new technology. And I think we are starting to get some good traction.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, I think what we said in the earlier quarters is that we expected to see pricing traction towards the end of this year. That's what we said earlier. And what I'm saying this quarter is that we are actually seeing some signs of it. There's really 2 signs I would highlight. First of all, higher demand and higher sales of our high-end technology. So there's a lot more salable technology from basic technology to high end. And secondly, we are also testing pricing on specific contracts, typically smaller contracts, with reasonable success.
