Simon Ayat: Thank you, Simon. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in this conference call. Third quarter earnings per share were $0.78. This represent decreases of $0.10 sequentially and $0.71 when compared to the same quarter last year. Our third quarter revenue of $8.5 billion decreased 6% sequentially. Almost 40% of the revenue decline was attributable to pricing.  Despite the very challenging environment both in terms of pricing and activity, pre-tax operating margins only declined by 101 basis points sequentially. This was due to the continued strong and proactive cost management across the entire organization. Sequential highlights by product group whereas follows. Third quarter Reservoir Characterization revenue of $2.3 billion decreased 5% sequentially as decreases in exploration spending impacted both wireline and testing services internationally. Despite the revenue decline, pre-tax margin -- operating margins remained essentially flat at 26.3%. Drilling Group revenue of $3.3 billion, decreased 7%, primarily due to pricing pressures and activity declines internationally that have mostly affected drilling and measurements and M-I SWACO. As a result of strong cost management, Drilling Group margins only declined 94 basis points to 18.6%. Production Group revenue of $3 billion, decreased 5% sequentially, while margins declined 173 basis points. These decreases were primarily driven by pricing and activity declines in Well Services. Now turning to Schlumberger as a whole. The effective tax rate was 20% in the third quarter. This was lower than the previous quarter by about 1 percentage point due to the geographic mix of earnings between North America and the Rest of the World as well as the mix of earnings amongst the international geo markets. Our cash flow generation continues to be very strong. During the third quarter, we generated $2.5 billion of cash flow from operations. During the first three quarters of 2015, we have generated $6.6 billion of cash flow from operations. This is all despite making severance payments of approximately $150 million during the third quarter and $600 million during the first nine month of the year.  Net debt improved $400 million during the quarter to $5.2 billion. During the quarter, we spend $545 million to repurchase 6.9 million shares at an average price of $78.76. Subsequent to the announcement of our transaction with Cameron in August, we have been repurchasing the maximum number of shares allowable under the SEC’s regulations. We filed our S4 registration statement relating to the acquisition two weeks ago today. It’s worth highlighting that once the SEC declares our registration statement effective and the proxy statement is mailed. We will be prohibited under the securities laws from repurchasing our stock until the Cameron shareholder vote. We spent $590 million on Capex during the third quarter. Full-year 2015 Capex excluding multi-client and SPM investments is still expected to be approximately $2.5 billion. And now I will turn the conference call over to Paal.
Simon Ayat: Well, that number again I think is high, but I think the fact that this customer group has cut significantly this year and would likely go down potentially further next year, I think is a reasonable assumption. But again, my commentary on 2016 is based on very high level discussions and I don’t have details of what budgets and what numbers are going to be. Other than that, it seems to be consensus that overall spend will be down. I think your 20% to 30% is very high. It’s likely to be less than that, but still I expect it to be down. 
Simon Ayat: Okay. So as I mentioned in my remarks, once we supplied the S4 and it is accepted, there will be a blackout period. I am expecting it to be about four to five weeks and could start maybe early November.
Simon Ayat: Yeah. Now, I like to take this opportunity just to remind you that first, we are issuing a large number of shares and the number of shares that will be issued, it’s going to take place by our US based subsidiary. You’re going to see a large movement in the capital structure of Schlumberger between our US subsidiary and the parent company. In other words, the US subsidiary will be the one acquiring Cameron and as a result, it’s going to acquire the shares from the parent company.  So you’re going to see eventually when we close the transaction of Cameron, a large swing in the capital structure between the US based subsidiary, our parent company because of the structure of the acquisition and this would require the US subsidiary as I said to acquire shares from the parent company. So, there will be a large movement of cash from the US based subsidiary into the parent company. But when times will come, we’ll explain it to you in more details and how it’s going to work out.
Simon Ayat: Well, we have delivered I think very strong financial performance in the international market now for a number of years. In 2014, we generated 69% incrementals on quite limited revenue growth and so far 23% decrementals on 18% drop in revenue this year. So our performance so far this year is not a fluke, we have been very good at managing our international business. So I am expecting that even with still further headwinds in terms of top line in 2016, we should be able to continue to hold the decrementals at a very respectable level, whether they are going to be at 23% or slightly higher, it will be difficult to say. But in terms of offsetting activity reductions through cost cutting, I think we have proven that we can do that. And beyond that it is how much leverage we can generate from the transformation to offset pricing. So both of those are – we are very active on trying to delivery both of those type of results. And we are going to go very hard at it for 2016 to continue to delivery strong decrementals internationally.
Simon Ayat: So, good question Michael. Some of the -- most of our debt actually is a fixed debt. So we do have certain percentage which is more reflective of commercial paper, et cetera, this will go down. But as I said earlier and I like to repeat this that you’re going to see a large movement in our capital structure. And perhaps eventually, we will have a little bit more debt associated with the transaction coming from our North America or our U.S.-based subsidiary. And this to acquire the shares from the parent company. So you’re going to see a different type of movement and eventually there will be larger debt that we will have in the U.S. subsidiary in order to acquire the shares.
Simon Ayat: In the meantime, during the blackout period, as you highlighted it would reflect into a reduction in the debt, which is the current debt that is reflected in the simple [ph] program that we issue on daily basis.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think it’s playing out more or less as we have expected globally. I think what you see in OPEC, there is really no change to overall production capacity. There is a continuous shift from spare capacity into marketed supply. In North America, the production is coming down more or less as expected as well and internationally, we are starting to see signs of a weakening supply as well. I think in all these three main sources of supply, while production is starting to come down, I think there are also significant efforts to maximize production within each of these basis while in some cases taking more short-term actions to maximize production which might actually have a negative on long-term recovery. I think there is only a limited period that this can be done and while the various players exhaust these type of opportunities, if investments aren’t increased, I think you will see a further acceleration of the drop in production.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, it’s still a bit difficult to say, but I think there are clear signs now in all – at least in North America and non-NAM and OPEC that production is weakening and we expect that to continue and potentially accelerate in the event the investments aren’t increasing.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, let me say this. Q4 looks challenging and visibility had actually dropped in the past month or two now. So, formal [ph] activity is down, but in Q4 we will see the start of the wind to slow down in the northern hemisphere. We also see further budget cuts in several of the key offshore markets such as Sub-Sahara Africa, Brazil and the Far East. We also expect rig activity in North America land to be down in Q4 due to the financial stress on many of our customers there and we expect very limited yearend sales of product, software and multiclient. So EPS will drop, but due to the lack of the visibility we have now, Ole, I am not really ready to commit to a number, but I will also say that Q1 in spite of Q4 not having the seasonal uptick in yearend sales, we also see Q1 being below Q4.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, we hope that Q1 will represent the bottom and there would be a gradually, but slow recovery during the year or even sideways. I think it is still too early to say, James. I think we have, even for Q4 now there is significant uncertainties in several of the markets on what’s going to happen. Beyond that we clearly see Q1 being below Q4, but visibility, Q1 is still very low. So I would hope that what you kind of depict will be the case, but I think it’s too early to say. But I would say also that there is a limit to how long these reductions in investment and activity can continue. And I think as the oil price now likely will start to move upwards, hopefully investments will turnaround, but anything meaningful will be late ‘16 and into 117 as we see it as per today.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah, it’s still out there, we’re not preparing the market for anything other than refocus significantly our entire organization on generating free cash. Margins are a key ingredients to generate cash. So both of those are key focus areas for us in terms of protecting and extending our strong financial performance. And obviously, in this type of market, companies that can generate significant free cash has a broad range of opportunities and I think we’ve shown so far in the downturn that we will be opportunistic. What opportunities are there and which one we will convert, we will revert back to you when we have converted them. But as of now, we will continue to be opportunistic but there is no preparation or any methods beyond that.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah, we don’t have a lot of granularity Angie; it’s still just kind of broad-based statements. Most of our customers haven’t completed or just barely started our budgeting process for 2016. But the general feedback is very consistent. And that is, they expect, the vast of them that spend will be lower. So I can’t give you granularity of geography or land and offshore. I would say though that the part of that rule that is still very, very resilient is obviously the GCC countries in the Middle East. So I’m not expecting anything significant there in terms of lower investments. But broad-based pretty much everywhere else. There are significant challenges and we expect 2016 budgets to be below 2015.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah. I’m not very optimistic on any turnaround in service and product pricing for oilfield services in North America land. I think, yes, many of the small companies or most of the small companies are free cash flow negative. They are under significant financial stress and maybe some of them will go bankrupt in the coming quarters or in the coming year. But there is still massive overcapacity and even these small companies that go bankrupt will likely be picked up other investors and their assets will be returned back into the market. So, I think the overcapacity is going to be with industry for quite a considerable amount of time. So I don’t expect any real improvement in service and product pricing in the coming year in North America land.
Paal Kibsgaard: So I think the industry is -- so I think the market is probably overestimating how quickly the industry can respond whether it’s in North America or internationally. I think the fact that now four quarters into very low oil prices, the financial strength of many of our customers has significantly weakened and their appetite to invest is also a bit down. Any I think – any improvement in oil prices, I think will be to initially – is going to go towards the strength in the balance sheet and then the oil companies will likely assess how sustainable are these increases in oil prices before they start investing.  So there is a delay, I believe, between an improvement in oil prices and the decision to increase budgets. And there is going to be a further delay between increasing budgets and realizing that into higher oil field activity. And then there is going to be a delay in between higher oil activity and higher production. So I think there – the market is underestimating how long this period is going to take and just the fact that the industry is again looking to reduce investments when we have this significant pending supply impact coming. This shows that I think we are – we even have increasing chance of a potential spike in oil prices if investments aren’t increased in time. 
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, in terms of our decrementals, we are working flat out to continue to manage them at our own levels that you’ve seen so far this year. So we are not giving up on that, we have continuous efforts both in reducing cost and capacity as well as creating more leverage to offset pricing from our transformation. So we are going to continue to work very hard at delivering continuously very strong decrementals. We see that that’s very important to sort of maintain our financial strength and also to help us generate the strong free cash flow that you’ve seen so far this year. 
Paal Kibsgaard: I think, full year 2016 – for full year 2016, that sounds like a high number. At this stage, I don’t think it’s going to be as much as that, no. 
Paal Kibsgaard: I don’t think it has a direct impact on anything in terms of up or down. There continues to be a broad range of integration type of opportunities. We are pursuing order, but it is all the way from bundle services from a few of our product lines all the way up to full turnkey lump sum contracts as well as SPM opportunities. So nothing dramatic in terms of shift of integration opportunities. It continues to be a key part of what they offer and there is a generally growing appetite from all customer groups to engage in those type of contracts. 
Paal Kibsgaard: I can’t give you a number, Bill, on this, other than, I think, it’s clear that the pricing impact internationally all the way, it is significant to our operations, it is still significantly lower than what we’ve seen in North America and North America land. I would say that round one of the pricing discussion is complete. There might be more coming in the coming quarters and I think as long as oil prices are down, and the outlook is still relatively somber, then there is a constant pressure on pricing internationally as well as in North America land. So, we continue to work through that. We bid competitively on the tenders that are out there, customers that are looking to renegotiate, we engage in those discussions and obviously, we’re trying to minimize and protect how we -- what we concede in these type of discussions, but that’s a call we make in this situation around what market share we are looking at, what kind of terms and conditions we can get, so some of the things and how we look at the overall business that we run. This is a normal part of business. When there is overcapacity, there is pressure on pricing, and that’s part of what we do for a living to manage that.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think it’s a mix of all of it that I think you see it in North America land and you see at international. Overcapacity, there is a continuous pricing discussion until we hit the bottom of the market and then it stabilizes and then we look upwards from there. So there is a mix of renegotiations of contracts already discussed and some of them, which have not been changed already. So there is a combination of all of that.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah. I think what you’re saying is correct. The focus on driving cost down is on development and exploration is basically eliminated. That’s how I think many customers look at it. There are significant cuts in exploration activity and they continue both for seismic and for drilling. The Q3 exploration rig count was down about 25% year-over-year and the seismic spend was also down in excess of 30% and that’s following a pretty low year in 2014 as well. So it is very challenging for exploration activity for us, but again the impact of this is still fully absorbed in our results which are still reasonably good. So, yes, in summary, our customers are more or less cutting completely exploration and focusing a lot more in driving further cost out of the development.
Paal Kibsgaard: It might be slightly optimistic on the timing, but I think – so first of all, many of the things that you mention in terms of bringing together these capabilities of Schlumberger and OneSubsea is already happening, but obviously we can accelerate and have an even further impact on this as we close the transaction and take full management of OneSubsea, but I am very pleased with the progress that OneSubsea has made and the close working relationship we’ve had OneSubsea from the Schlumberger side. But I think over time and maybe not already in 2016, there is significant cost reduction potential in the – for the deepwater, I think both, when it comes to the well cost as well as for the overall infrastructure. I think we can simplify, we can standardize, we can engineer costs out of the system and what that will allow, if you can, for instance, reduce the well cost by, say, 30%, you can potentially drill four wells for the price of three, which again will help you increase production and recovery from the deepwater fields which obviously will help lower cost of barrel and then improve the economics. So I think we are in very, very early innings in terms of driving down costs for deepwater, both production and then the drilling part of it. And I think what we are doing now with the Cameron acquisition is going to address both those dimensions.
Paal Kibsgaard: I don’t have a specific oil price number in mind. I think it’s going to be much more functional how sustainable our customers see the increases in oil prices to be. I think it’s more about having a stable basis for increasing investments before they go ahead and do it right. I still that they are -- that there is going to be conservatism based on the very tough four quarters that the industry has gone through at this stage. And that’s why again we are basically saying that there is going to be a lag between higher oil prices and investments, and even a tag between our investments and realizable oil selectivity.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah. On the transformation around the global manufacturing and distribution, the charge we’re taking is for consolidating facilities, moving much more towards campuses and clusters and also the introduction of some new automation manufacturing type of technology. Similarly, we’re also looking to consolidate how we do global distribution going more from a global and local set up to a much more regional setup in terms of how we manage that. So the process of getting it done, we are -- we have already embarked on. And there are some charges associated with it that we will take in the fourth quarter and we will continue implementing that program in 2016 and 2017. So, I’m not going to be able to give you a specific impact on margins and what this is going to generate for us, although that we’re -- we are very excited about doing this. It’s going to modernize a core part of the company and its going to make us even more competitive in the international market. Now in terms of multiskilling, this is part of how we’re continuing to drive people productivity. There is many other aspects of what we do there, we have remote operations as another key part of this as well, where we can centralize much more of our expertise and have them oversee more jobs centrally rather than being at the well side as well. So, all of these elements are key part of the transformation program and we are still not at the halfway point of rolling this out globally and for it to have the full impact on our operations on our results. So there is still a lot of runway left in both the multiskilling, the remote operations and what we’re going to do on manufacturing and distribution as well as all the other parts of the transformation. So we’re excited about it and there is a strong pull from the entire organization on this and we continue to work hard on implementing it.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah, both markets, as you point out, both Mexico and Brazil have been very challenging this year. Mexico, even more than Brazil, I would say. So there has been significant budget reductions and they have continued throughout the year. Like I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our Q3 revenues now stands at an eight-year low, which is quite remarkable for a sizable market as Mexico is for us.  So in terms of next year, it’s still very early for both of these countries, Mexico and Brazil, but I think it’s going to be challenging as we enter into 2016. Though, I don’t have a lot of details of it yet, but no positive signs either from Pemex or from Petrobras at this stage. 
Paal Kibsgaard: No, it is not, I’d say slipping further, it’s just – there is a continuing pricing pressure in this part of a cycle. It’s quite normal. There is nothing special about it. And as long as the outlook is negative, then there will be continued pricing pressure. Every bit that is out, there is even increased competition to get it and that creates the downward pricing pressure. So nothing exceptional. I don’t see it accelerating. Other than that is not going way, and we will just continue to manage it and navigate it the way we have been doing so far in the downturn. 
Paal Kibsgaard: Just to say the Eurasia deal first of all, obviously we were disappointed that we couldn’t get it closed within the several extensions of the timeline that we agreed with Eurasia. But that deal is now closed for us. So I don’t really have any more comments on that.  In terms of other M&A, we continue to be opportunistic. I can’t go into details of what that will entail or what we may or may not do. Other than that, we have a broad view of the entire market and what opportunities are there, what they are interested in. And we continue to evaluate companies on a monthly basis and if there is a willing seller and a good price, then we might be able to do something more, but it’s still too early to say. So I can’t promise anything or I can’t make any further comments on what may happen. Other than that, we continue to be active in assessing the market and look for opportunities to further extend and strengthen our portfolio and we keep generating the cash to allow us to do that. 
Paal Kibsgaard: All right, so before we close this morning, I would like to summarize the three most important points we have discussed. First, while the business environment clearly got worsened in third quarter, our focus on cost management and transformation has enabled us to deliver strong financial performance and generate significant liquidity, which is a clear competitive edge in this part of the cycle.  Second, our forward visibility has again been reduced and we will consequently revert back to managing the company quarter-by-quarter. This means a further round of capacity and overhead reductions in the fourth quarter as we adjust resources to a lower activity outlook. At the same time, we will continue to accelerate our transformation program with the next step being a significant restructuring of our global manufacturing and distribution network, which will further modernize the core part of our company. And third, our outlook for the oil market remains unchanged with a continuing tightening of the supply and demand balance as the dramatic cost in E&P investments start to take full effect, ultimately leading to an increase in oil prices. Given the conservative view our customers are taking on 2016 investment levels and the general state of the industry, following a year of low oil prices, we see an increasing likelihood of a timing gap between higher oil prices and a subsequent increase in E&P investment and oilfield activity.  In this environment, we continue to proactively manage our business, to preserve our financial strength into 2016, which will allow us to better navigate the market uncertainty and to respond faster to new business opportunities and ultimately, higher activity.  Thank you for participating.
