Paal Kibsgaard: I agree with you. It is a big inflection for international. And I would say that we are basically seeing it everywhere. We're not going to see the same sequential growth rates from every region in every quarter.
Paal Kibsgaard: And while Russia and the Middle East was a little bit slower and sequential growth, this quarter, we're seeing them right back with strong performance anticipated for Q3. Asia continues to be strong again for the second quarter in a row. And Latin America, which we only had about 3% sequential growth in Q2, is going to be a lot stronger again in Q3. So, we are basically seeing new activity, new products being discussed, more activity on the existing products we have in pretty much every corner of the world. It's not going to be a straight line for each of the regions, but we are very encouraged with what we see.  We have, with the management team being a lot in the field during the second quarter, seen a lot of our customers. And, overall, the mood is actually quite upbeat, which is quite a while since we have seen this on our field visits.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah. That's pretty much a done deal. That's basically mobilizing and honoring the commitments that we have already taken on. So, yeah, I would say, during the course of the fourth quarter of this year, we will be, I would say, fully utilized in the international markets. And beyond that, we will look at adding capacity partly through CapEx, but also a fair bit through driving the efficiency of our asset base that we have in place, now further helped by the upgrade we've done to our field organization. But during the fourth quarter, we will be fully mobilized. And we have already started these pricing discussions with our customers. Part of it is going to be price book uplift. Part of it will be potentially better terms and conditions. And, in particular, also payment terms. We are still, I would say, not really satisfied with the evolution of our working capital and this is mainly down to slow payments from our customers, which we are actively looking to address.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah, okay. On the first part of your question in terms of the areas of international, as we discussed with James, we see it generally everywhere at this stage at varying rates. But in terms of the drilling projects, we also see them in most regions, right? Obviously, on land for lump-sum turnkey, we see that in Latin America, very much so in the Middle East and also some in Asia. And we also have integrated projects more from a project coordination standpoint happening on land, but also now occurring in the shallow water where – offshore where we also are starting to see an uptick in activity. So, overall, it's quite exciting. It's been a while since we were able to kind of talk as optimistically about the international market as we can now. So, it's all positive. Now, to your question on 2019, it's obviously early for us to make predictions about what our customers are going to do. I don't think they have really started their planning exercises yet. But, obviously, we have a pretty good handle on our revenue backlog from all the project wins we have and the outlook generally we have on our business. And I can at least say from our standpoint that our growth in international for next year will be double-digit. Don't ask me where in double-digits, but it's going to be double-digits.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah. On OneStim, we had continued to deploy our spare equipment. And we basically said that, by the end of this year, we will be in a position to have deployed it all. We will do whatever rebuild is necessary and that's currently ongoing. It's progressing well. And we continue to deploy now into the third quarter. We are aware of the emerging Permian takeaway constraints, but we have yet to see any real impact on the activity growth or any activity on pricing. So, we are continuing to deploy and things are progressing well with OneStim. Now, as for the vertical integration, we have been investing into this now for about three years and we now own several sand mines. And our investment into sand mines will be concluded basically this month. We will then have sufficient sand mine capacity to take care of 100% of our current and also projected frac work.  We see this as a significant competitive advantage going forward because there is a quickly growing trend from our customers now to separate the tendering for frac services and frac sand.  And through the investments we've done and vertical integration, all the way from the sand mine to the rail, to transload and also trucking for the last mile where we have vertically integrated all aspects of this, not for 100% of our capacity, but for a fairly significant part, that allows us now to bit very competitively for the standalone sand tenders, which means that we can obviously compete in the entire revenue stream continuously, which would have been a lot more difficult in the event we were not vertically integrated. So, we are basically done this month with our vertical integration investment program and we're now in a prime position to really take advantage of that and continue the deployment of the remaining spare frac capacity we have by the end of the year.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah. So, I would say the double-digit growth was an overall Schlumberger international projection for next year. For the second half of this year, I gave some indications around how we see Q3. And, obviously, given the significance of these integrated drilling contracts, we expect significant growth within the context of the overall growth from the drilling group. There's been a heavy mobilization burden on them in the first half of the year. It will continue into, for sure, Q3, and that has impacted margins. We're not, obviously, happy with that level of margin, but we also understand that there are challenges with these type of deployments, right? So, you can expect, going forward into the second half, that both margins will improve and we also would expect that the drilling group will be in the high-end of our sequential growth as we go into the third quarter.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well as I said in my prepared remarks, our view in the third quarter is that we will again grow roughly on the top line at the percentage rate as we did sequentially in Q2, which is roughly 6%, which I think is more or less in line with the revenue consensus. On the EPS side, we're still again looking at probably 10% to 15%, which, if you do the math, will probably be in between 47 and 50. And again, that's going to come down to how effective we are in getting the mobilizations done. And the quicker you get the mobilizations done, the lower your cost will be and the quicker you will also get the wells into a position where you can recognize the revenue and the profit. So, there's a bit of a range and it is down to the fact that we still will have a very heavy burden to lift on the mobilizations. So, that's the kind of range I would give you at this stage. But I would say, overall, what is really driving our business going forward is going to be our ability to drive the topline and I'm very pleased with where we sit in terms of contracts, tender wins and the fact that we can execute these contracts going forward.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, we're ready to ultimately be held to the 65% incremental. That's for sure. Whether we will see the full effect of it next year, I think it's going to come down to how much pricing we will get. What I'm very confident about is our ability is to drive the internal efficiency from all aspect of our operations, right? And what we have done this quarter with the full implementation of our, I would say, fully modernized operating organization is going to be a key driver to make that happen. So, there is a lot of excitement in our field operations around now having his organization in place, with cutting-edge tools and the ability – they know how to drive overall efficiency from the vast international operating base that we have. So, this is going to be a key component of ensuring that we deliver on the 65%. So, whether we get all the way there next year, I think it's going to come down, I think, more of how much pricing we get because I'm very confident about our own ability to execute efficiently.
Paal Kibsgaard: Jim, no. I don't think there is. Obviously, we have conceded on price a fair bit over the past four years. 
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah. So, no – and I'm confident that we can recover at least a fair bit of that. And I think that alone, I think, should be enough for us to get back to those kind of margins. This quarter, reservoir characterization made a pretty big step forward already. And the main issue around the drilling margin is not, I would say, the overall execution capabilities and the technology portfolio, which is highly differentiated. It is the fact that we are carrying a lot of mobilization and startup costs and, with that, inefficiencies. So, I would expect you to see fairly noticeable margin progression over the coming quarters in drilling. So, for us to within next few years get back to those margins that you were indicating for characterization and drilling, I see as absolutely achievable.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, at this stage, we don't have visibility into 2019 for that, but I think it's fair to say that we're not expecting to see a similar type of ramp up of that number of rigs in 2019. We expect to be very competitive in every bid that is out there for lump-sum turkey anywhere in the world at this stage. And we feel very confident in our ability to compete and win these tenders and also turn the tenders at competitive rates into good profits for Schlumberger. But I don't anticipate the same level of ramp up in 2019 as in 2018.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, it is not concentrated in Saudi. Saudi is a very important market for us. And we have a big ramp up of rigs in Saudi over the year. But we have, in addition to that, countries like Mexico, Iraq, India, just to name a few and there are other countries in the Middle East and Gulf area as well where we are starting to take on these double contracts. So, this is much more broader based than one particular country.
Paal Kibsgaard: So, obviously, we haven't gone through the detailed planning for next year. So, it's early to kind of make firm statements about this. But I think, directionally, I think you can expect that the CapEx as a percentage of our revenue going into this upcycle versus previous upcycles is going to be considerably lower. What the absolute number for 2019 CapEx would be? Like I said, it's too early. But I think the planning number I would have on my piece of paper today would still be around the $2 billion mark. And I think, with that, coupled with the big upside we are now starting to see from the complete modernization we have done of our operating platform is going to drive significant asset utilization efficiency. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that drilling and measurement, for instance, in 2018 alone will double their asset utilization of our sold-out PowerDrive technology. So, you can expect us to be, for the base business as well, a lot more capital efficient in this upturn compared to what we have been in previous upturns. And we haven't been too bad in the previous upturns either.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, in terms of the cadence of the OneStim capacity deployments, I don't want to go into the details of it. Other than that, we basically said that over the course of this year, we would rebuild the equipment and be in a position to reintroduce it into the market. We are continuing to progress well with that plan. There will be always some variations in the deployment rate by month or by quarter. But, at this stage, we are not altering the plan based on some of these takeaway constraint discussions that are on the Permian. We have yet to see that in the projected activity growth. But, again, this is something we will monitor very closely. And in the event, there is a need to adjust, we will adjust. But as of now, we are continuing to deploy. And this is why we are outgrowing both the rig count and the stage count in the market with these deployments. And as to pricing, flat pricing for the OneStim business roughly in the second quarter and we have not seen any kind of major movements beyond that so far into the third quarter either. So, looks pretty stable as per now and we continue with our plan. And as with anything in the North America land market, you've got to be on your toes because it can change quickly.
Paal Kibsgaard: Again, I gave the double-digit international growth numbers basically because we are confident on the backlog we have of contract wins. And we know where these wins are and how it's going to shape up. Now, we have not done the detailed planning. So, I can't give you any kind of granular review of where it's going to come. But, in general, we see growth in all geographies next year. I would say, land is still likely to be the driving force of it. Obviously, a lot of our lump-sum turnkey sits on land. And this is where the shorter cycle barrels are. But I think we will start to see movement in particular on shallow water as well. I believe there are some movements in shallow water rig rates, which I think is a very good precursor to what is likely to happen. And going back to deepwater, deepwater drilling activity in 2018 is roughly going to be 10% up versus 2017. And I think the growth in deepwater would probably continue and potentially accelerate as well into 2019. So, I know I'm not giving you the details you're looking for mainly because we haven't done the detailed planning as of yet, but I see no region of the world which we see as a region that is not going to grow in 2019. And we find that to be very good news.
Paal Kibsgaard: It's a good question. Obviously, in terms of the absolute volume. it is dominated by development. But we are starting to see that exploration spend appears to be turning a corner as well. I mean, the current level of exploration investment over the past, whatever, three, four years is, obviously, clearly, not sustainable. And we are starting to see some uptick there. Q2, in terms of exploration rig count, was actually up 22% sequentially and about 7% year-over-year. And we expect that, in 2018, exploration, drilling and well services spend is probably going to be around 12% higher than 2017. So, both deepwater and exploration is starting to show kind of double-digit growth already in 2018. And I can only see that accelerating going into 2019. And associated with exploration, we are actually also starting to see more interest and more discussion with our customers again on formation evaluation. This being either wireline or LWD and actually customers going back into – talking more reservoir with us. And, obviously, this is very good news for some of our high-end measurement related businesses as well. So, exploration is coming. And it's also associated with increased focus on reservoir information evaluation.
Paal Kibsgaard: No. I think the pricing discussions we are starting to have now – and we had some pricing improvements already happening in the second quarter, they're not big enough to be material, so you can see them in our results. But we tracked it very carefully and we have specific plans by customer and by contracts and by market on how we're going to engage into recover some of the big concessions that we have made. So, the pricing improvements we are now discussing and seeking should have a gradual impact on our results going forward, right? So, I would say the discussions we are having in the second half of this year should have an impact on our results in the first half of 2019. To what effect? It's still early to say. But with activity continuing to go up, with ourselves at least being fully deployed capacity-wise by the end of the year, I think it's only natural that pricing comes up and starts to have a – be a bit of a tailwind on our results and it's been a pretty significant headwind for, what, four years in a row now. So, I'm encouraged in terms of what I'm seeing around the pricing discussions and also optimistic that this will become more of a noticeable tailwind as we go into 2019.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, we can do that with that same CapEx budget of $2 billion. That's on the back of the modernized field operating platform.
Paal Kibsgaard: So, before we close today's call, let me summarize the main messages. Oilfield activity strengthened in the second quarter, both in land in North America and also throughout the international markets. And as a result, we delivered strong sequential revenue growth.  With a total of 90 rigs being mobilized over the course of 2018, the integrated drilling services model is one of our many growth drivers in the global upcycle we are now entering. The second quarter saw us complete an important milestone in our transformation program as we rolled out our modernized field and support organization. And linked to this, we also completed the second and last step to simplify our management structure, which altogether puts us in a great position to outperform in the emerging global upturn, both in terms of topline revenue and bottom-line earnings growth. With that, we conclude today's call. Thank you for participating.
