Simon Ayat: Thank you, Olivier. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in this conference call. Fourth quarter earnings per share, excluding charges and credits, was $0.39. This represents a decrease of $0.04 sequentially but an increase of $0.03 when compared to the same quarter of last year. During the quarter, we recorded $209 million of net pretax charges. This reflected $456 million of restructuring charges, offset by a $247 million gain on the formation of the Sensia joint venture. The restructuring charges largely relate to our North America operation. They consist primarily of write-offs relating to facility closures and exiting certain activities as well as severance. These restructuring charges and related write-offs were all recorded at the end of the quarter. Therefore, the fourth quarter results do not include any significant benefit as a result of this charge. Our fourth quarter revenue of $8.2 billion decreased 4% sequentially, as the 2% growth in our international operations was more than offset by a 14% decline in North America. Pretax segment operating margins decreased by 60 basis points to 12.2%. Highlights by product group were as follows: Fourth quarter Reservoir Characterization revenue of $1.6 billion was essentially flat sequentially, while margin increased 59 basis points to 22.4%. The margin increase was primarily driven by higher SIS software sales. Drilling revenue of $2.4 billion was also essentially flat as lower revenue in Russia and North America land was offset by increased drilling activity in the Middle East. Margins were flat at 12.4%. Production revenue of $2.9 billion decreased 9% sequentially, driven by a 33% (sic) [33% decline] in OneStim revenue in North America land due to lower demand and pricing pressure. This decrease was partially offset by strong international Completions activity. Margins of 8.8% only decreased slightly by 32 basis points primarily due to the effects of the lower OneStim activity, partially offset by improved international margins from higher activity. Cameron revenue of $1.4 billion increased 2% sequentially as OneSubsea, Surface Systems and Drilling Systems each grew. These increases were partially offset by the effects of the divestiture of the Measurements business in connection with the Sensia transaction. Margins decreased 359 basis points to 9.1% primarily as a result of lower-margins on OneSubsea projects and the impact of North America on the short-cycle activity. The book-to-bill ratio for the Cameron long-cycle business was 1.5 in Q4. The OneSubsea backlog increased to $2.2 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. Now turning to Schlumberger as a whole. The effective tax rate, excluding charges and credits, was 16% in the fourth quarter, which was consistent with the previous quarter. I was very pleased with our cash flow in the fourth quarter, as we generated $2.3 billion of cash from operations. This brings the total year of 2019 to $5.4 billion from operations and $2.7 billion of free cash flow. In addition, during the quarter, we received approximately $590 million of net proceeds as a result of the closings of the Sensia joint venture and the Drilling Tools divestiture. Our net (sic) [net debt] improved by $1.3 billion during the quarter to $13.1 billion. We ended the quarter with total cash and investments of $2.2 billion. Over the course of the fourth quarter, we repurchased an additional $1.1 billion of outstanding notes, the vast majority of which were due to mature over the next 2 years. These repurchases, combined with the actions we took last quarter, will serve to reduce our interest expense going forward while at the same time improving our debt maturity towers. During the quarter, we spent $494 million on CapEx and $255 million of capitalized costs relating to Asset Performance Solutions (APS) projects, formerly known as SPM. We also made $692 million of dividend payments. We did not buy back any stock during the quarter. Full year 2020 Capex, excluding APS and multiclient investments, is expected to be flat with 2019. Before I turn over the call to the operator for the Q&A, I'd like to take the opportunity to thank you, our shareholders and analysts. I know we've been through tough times due to industry conditions and, overall, it has been a very productive relationship. I ask you to please welcome Stephane as the new CFO, and extend him the same courtesy. As a departing statement, please remember: cash is king. And now back to operator.
Simon Ayat: No, we -- okay, Simon here again. We are expecting to be better than neutral on OneStim. And actually, it's not true that OneStim consumed cash. OneStim is -- we've been managing it to be neutral, but will be better than neutral going forward.
Simon Ayat: I want to add a little bit more on the cash. I know the question is around the APS investments, but I wanted to highlight the strengths that we have seen in '19, that it will continue in 2020 on cash generation. As I said in my prepared remark, the total free cash flow reached $2.7 billion. And when you look at our commitment on the return of capital, be it dividend or the buyback that will continue, it's more or less met by our generation of free cash flow. In addition to this, when you look at the investment -- the divestment that we made, the proceeds that came from the 2 transaction, we were able to reduce the debt, and we ended up with $13.1 billion. So going forward, this will continue to be a focus. And I took over to mention this fact because there was a lot of questions in the past on our meeting the dividend cash flow requirement. And as you see in '19, we were able to mitigate the situation and to get to a point where we are within just tens of millions of dollars.
Simon Ayat: Sure, Bill. I'm going to cover a bit about '19 and give you an indication going forward. But Stephane will also free to comment on 2020 onward. As far as our profile is concerned, and you know this, the first half of the year, we consume a bit of liquidity in the working capital. First quarter normally, there is a consumption because of compensation-related payments on year-end bonuses that comes during the first quarter. And as you saw in '19, during the second half, we improved this working capital, and we produced the free cash flow required. 2020 will be similar profile. In the first quarter, we're going to consume cash in the working capital. But as we have declared, we are improving our free cash flow generation. And the -- our expectation in 2020 will be 2019 or even better. So this is where we are. The road towards the double digit is well defined. And I think implementation of the strategy will get us over there.
Simon Ayat: Your math is correct. I mean, the double digit is an objective. And probably in 2020, we will not be reaching there.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, thank you, James. So I think back to what I shared during my prepared remark. We foresee that the year-on-year growth internationally will be in line and slightly better than the current mid-single digits when we exclude the effect and impact of the divestiture we had. That has an impact of about 2% internationally. I also reiterate the fact that I foresee that the second half will be more robust than the first half on the back of offshore, both the offshore deepwater particularly, where we see in the projection engagement we have with our customer, significant upside in the later part of the year due to exploration as well as development. So the impact of this, we expect will result into not only 5% or better growth for the year, but also margin expansion in excess of 100 bps for the full year internationally.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, the first quarter, indeed. And you have heard my prepared remark highlighting the high single-digit sequential decline for International and Cameron, the low single-digit decline in North America. All of these will combine due to the seasonal effect, the transition from a good revenue mix in Q4 into Q1 into high decrementals into Q1. So that is our expectation. However, I think from the -- we'll not wait the second half. I think from the second quarter, we expect the mix to improve, the execution of our NAL strategy to start to bear fruit and the international outlook to go back to normal seasonality, so the combination of which should provide the support for growth of earnings from -- sequentially from Q2 onwards.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think, to give you more light on this, Sean, I think I would like to contrast North America and international. I believe the international market is poised for further growth. And I think we've come out on a mid-single digit, is poised for further offshore and mix, including later part the deepwater, both of which combine to present the good, favorable mix that will help us execute. So internationally, I believe that the combination of our self-help, through capital stewardship program on underperforming business units, continuation of our transformation program that has had positive impact onto the service business line incrementals, and the effect of our technology adoption on those favorable offshore market as well as international digital transformation, will all combine to this 100 bps-plus expansion in international. So we have some confidence there. Obviously, all depends on the top line and activity growth, but we have confidence in this shape and into the favorable revenue mix. By contrast, North America will depend on our execution of our NAL strategy. There is a downside risk as similar to last year. There is some uncertainty on to the market spend and on to the pricing headwinds that could affect and delay some of the benefits that we'll collect from the NAL strategy. But all in all, both for different reasons, more self-help and NAL execution strategy in North America and market conditions as well as continuation of our progress internationally will combine to shape up our margins next year.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. I think you have heard the comment we made and I made in my prepared remarks. We have decided to cut our deployed capacity by 30% when contrasted with the fourth quarter of 2019. And we will self impose this as a cap going forward. That results into about 50% of our capacity that we don't intend to deploy. And I think whether it's cold-stacked or unemployed, it will not be deployed going forward as we are repurposing our -- and restructuring our business around 3 basins or on 3 large hubs to serve the most active basins. And as such, we will not expect to increase our capacity. Beyond this, you have heard the choice we made to exit coiled tubing onshore, to evaluate divestiture of rod lift, and to further accelerate our technology access fit-for-basin strategy to replicate the success of D&M. All of this combined will result into a top line decrease faster than the market due to the self-imposed cap on capacity and as well as the exit of some business units, but also will result into high grading our portfolio margins as well as benefiting from the success on technology access business model, asset-light model to replicate D&M and expand. And that is what we expect to see.
Olivier Le Peuch: Globally speaking, I think we gave the guidance that North America land will see -- will see a market contraction of high single digit to low double digits. On the back of what we are executing, we believe, if everything is executed, that will be in the mid-teens to high teens -- in the mid-teens decline from the same scope in North America land, in the same scope, okay? So that's the guidance I can share with you, okay? This extra contraction that we anticipate will be a few percentage points of further decline compared to what we see in the market.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. I think, Angie. So yes, to reiterate what I shared before, I think the margin progression in North America will result from 2 critical action: One is the high grading of our portfolio through either capacity restriction, exiting some underperforming business unit or basin location, as well as exiting or divesting some part of our business as well that were not accretive to our margin or to our cash flow. And secondly, combined with accelerating what we call fit-for-basin, what we call technology access. That is an asset-light model aiming at franchising some of our technology to local players, regional players, basin players, and complementing our service access, service business model with an extended market reach with technology sets. So this has proven to be effective, satisfying our customers and expanding our market last year with accretive impact onto the margins of our segments. So we will continue to accelerate this. So the combination of these 2, what we expect to see impacting margins in North America.
Olivier Le Peuch: As we have said before, we believe it's critical that we fully participate into the North America market first. It's a market that is here to stay. It's a market that will, over time, come back to use and align with our reservoir technology and capability. However, we believe that we will continue to evaluate alternate ways to participate into this market. For now, we have decided that we rightsize, we scale to fit and we refocus our OneStim operation to be fit, lean, and more profitable. But we'll continue to observe the market opportunity. As we have said, all options are on the table. And when and if an opportunity arise with the right partner and the right economics, we will take the step and look at alternate way to keep participating into the market and yet exit this.
Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you, Dave. I'm not sure I will give you a detailed road map today, no. But I will comment on some of the remarks. So indeed, we have stated, and I believe we are still setting and having a clear ambition to double the digital revenue in the next few years. We do not anticipate that the transition to software as a service will materially or will actually negatively impact our revenue trajectory. We have had a pause somehow in our digital in the last couple of years, revenue growth, more due to the market condition as well as the fact that our DELFI offering was not having the readiness and the breadth to expand into the marketplace. So this has been addressed. I think the SIS Forum that did happen in September gave us the opportunity to not only commercialize 4 new DELFI products, but also create a step change and a new momentum in the industry with our open strategy. So a combination of this DELFI new product and the open strategy has carried the momentum that has attracted the engagement with customer, and we have seen one of the engagement that has materialized with Exxon for drilling digital products in North America. So you will see our digital opportunity to be communicated in the coming weeks and months, both internationally and in North America, and both in workflow or product deployment or in edge operation. So we are working hard on several fronts with several customers, and we're making progress. And I think the leadership we have established is recognized across the industry, is valued and will only accelerate going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: First, to answer your question on the Middle East market and gas, the Middle East market, I think, is still very steady, and I think it's poised for further growth. However, based on the -- on some of the cap of OPEC+ requirements, on occasions, we see some of the developments that have been started to be either paused or delayed in the context of caps. Now the gas is indeed very active. Gas development project are very active, particularly offshore in the Middle East, and this is not slowing down. This is actually accelerating, and we fully participate into this.  Coming into the LSTK. Indeed, the LSTK has been under scrutiny, be it in Middle East or across the world. And I'm happy to report that we have made a steady progress to stabilize and improve the operational performance and also to address on occasion, specifically with some customers, be it Middle East or elsewhere, the specific contractual terms and liability that we believe were not appropriate for -- when contrasted with risk or the engagement we had. So we have made progress on those. I'm pleased to report that every time I go to Saudi, in particular, I'm getting increasingly positive feedback from the customer. And I'm pleased with the steady progress with my team.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, I think I can reiterate some of the comment I made. I think the level of margin improvement will be 2 level. I'm not talking about pricing. That is a headwind that I think we have estimated to be 2% or 3%, particularly focused on the pressure pumping, excluding negative expansion there. We believe that the 2 levels will be the high grading of our portfolio to capacity cap and/or to exit and the change of business model to technology access. So the impact of those 2 set of actions will, we believe, shall accelerate and expand our margin by more than 100 bps in North America on the way to our double-digit returns that we have set in our strategy, the pace of which, I think, could be accelerated if the market conditions are favorable. Could be a little bit seeing headwinds if the pricing get too deteriorated. But we are confident that we will have triple-digit basis points improvement in North America at large.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. As we mentioned in the last earnings call, I think the process of asset divestiture for the Bandurria Sur in Argentina actually is progressing very well. So we are in the advanced stage of the divestiture there and with closing anticipated during the first quarter of 2020, after all standard closing conditions are met. That's the situation and the progress we have.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, I think this is very specific to the capital-intensive of the rod lift-specific business, where we believe our strength as an organization, our technology focus as an organization is not necessarily best aligned with the support of this business. And we believe that there are partners that could and will certainly, with a focused approach, being better placed to execute this rod lift business in North America. So that's very similar to what we considered in the past for Drilling Tools, where we reached a decision to divest. Here, we are evaluating that decision.
Olivier Le Peuch: Let me comment on this. So I think we have -- the OneSubsea, indeed, I think, has been very successful in the fourth quarter to raise their booking with success, particularly on the back of this Ormen Lange large integrated project for subsea -- subsea processing. And I think they are still the leader there and will keep this leadership going forward. So I'm very, very confident and very happy and very pleased with the performance on OneSubsea. Now looking at the margin of Cameron, I think, this is due to 2 factors: Indeed, the long-cycle margin have been for a while—and I think we have been very clear on this—under margin compression. The backlog that both OneSubsea and Drilling, to a lesser extent, have booked in the last couple of years have been at reduced margin due to the market condition and pricing condition that have deteriorated. This has been offset partially or fully in the last 2 years by short-cycle business that did benefit from the growth in NAL until last year and did offset and kept the margin very healthy. Now the combination of low North America activity, pricing headwinds for the long -- the short cycle, combined with this backlog, have created a condition of the margin we are seeing. This is not here to stay. It will take a couple of quarters to recover, but I do expect the margin of Cameron over time and certainly, in 2020 to recover and to grow compared to '19 and go back to '18.
Olivier Le Peuch: It's largely related to traditional oilfield services. I think as I commented before, the Cameron performance have been strong until recent time. I think last quarter was a bit of a challenge due to the severe trough. Now for some of our short cycle, we will still continue to adjust and make sure that we are structured to be aligned with the market condition, both pricing and with the size of the market. And we will continue to expand our Cameron franchise internationally as we have been successful. So I would expect that the short-cycle will be adjusted structurally to reflect the market condition. And we will divert and increase our focus on international as we have done in the last couple of years.
Olivier Le Peuch: Chase, our intention here is not to cold stack or warm stack and bring back. Our intention here is to rightsize the capacity, which we did; restructure the organization, which we are doing; and refocus on where we believe we have the best alignment with our customers, we have the best leverage for technology, reservoir technology, or surface efficiency technology differentiation, and we can bring the most benefit to our customers and to the market. We have done this, and we don't intend to bring back capacity going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: Similar to comment we made last quarter, I think there is still a dynamic where on large integrated contracts and high-volume contracts, we still see, be it in Middle East or elsewhere internationally, we still see negative pricing pressure or downward pricing pressure. Where by contrast, in more remote location and more specific exploration offshore or difficult project execution, we see and we have seen and we have had the opportunity to negotiate better price. And we see better also discipline from -- in the market on both -- on all the service providers. So I will say the market is still contrasted with large integrated contracts and discrete offshore exploration or remote location, and we believe this trend will continue in 2020. So I believe that considering the time, I think we'll have to conclude this call. So ladies and gentlemen, I would like to highlight my key message to conclude this call. First, the solid results of the fourth quarter and full year have highlighted the significant progress we have made in our international franchise and the early steps we took in execution of our North America land strategy. The momentum across our organization and the feedback from our customers continue to be very positive and support well our ambition for 2020. Our view for 2020 remains positive on the international market, which will be loaded on the back end of the year, particularly in deepwater activity. Internationally, we will benefit from further improvement in activity mix and revenue quality, which, when combined with our capital stewardship and performance program, will drive further margin expansion as a continuity of progress made in second half of 2019. In contrast, we face another year of declining North American market condition, but will accelerate our NAL strategy to fast-track our commitment to restore double-digit margins. Our actions, including scale-to-fit capacity reduction, rationalization towards asset-light through technology access and anticipated business unit exits will combine to reverse margin decline and with the ambition to grow both earnings and cash flow in contrast to 2019. While 2019 opened a new chapter for the company, 2020 offers the opportunity to amplify the impact of our new performance vision for the benefit of our customers and to accelerate key strategy elements to improve returns for the benefit of our shareholders. Thank you very much for your participation today. Good day to everyone. I look forward to seeing many of you in the coming weeks. Thank you.
