Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. So if you look at the high level macro view that we have, nothing has really changed from what we said on the Q3 call. So looking at GDP at 3% we are still looking at solid growth overall in 2015 and oil demand is also going to be up. So as we said in Q3 the issue is really on the supply side where I think it's very important that we separate the three in global production capacity and marketed supply. So if you look at the global production capacity in 2014, it grew by about 1 million barrels a day which is equal to the growth in demand. So the significant drop in oil prices is not driven by this over capacity but rather by the higher marketed supply which is coming from North America and from OPEC. So we believe that the supply side is currently going through a significant change where the key local producers have shifted focus from protecting price to now protect market share, and the consequence of this is that at least for a period of time, this is going to make the high cost producers become the new swing producers where the activity is going to be even more driven by the variations in oil price and the economics of their project. And the tool used to drive this change to the supply side is the lower oil price which is what we are seeing now. So the main new element from the Q3 call is that OPEC decided not to cut production so the reduction in the marketed supply will have to come from lower E&P investments and that is really the only offtake to our macro view.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, if we assume that oil demand is going to be up by 1 million barrels, if we don't take lower investments and already reduce their capacity, the market is already heading towards a tightening. I think that's very clear. Now we don't expect the oil prices to improve significantly until there are signs of weakening supply, and the weakening supply will either first come from North America or from international. I think the signs we need to look at are different from the two regions. Given the strong growth momentum in North America I think what the market will be looking for here is the slowing year-over-year growth while given the flat investment levels in international market in 2014, capacity already reduced in 2014. So here I think we are looking for a further reduction in absolute supply. So I think these are the two main signals to look for.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well I think if you look at 2015 activity in North America and you look at the third party spend surveys, it indicates about 25%, 30% reduction. So it's clearly going to be a tough year going forward, right. As to the viability of the project I think there is still a broad range of operating costs in North America land. But I would say that as a general statement the shift in OPEC from protecting price to protecting share is raising some questions around the US shale going forward and I think the new oil price dynamic is clearly going to test the resilience of several North America land producers from their ability to get financing, their ability to continue to drive cost efficiency and reduced cost of barrel and also their ability to maintain production at current level. So I think most likely we are going to face the situation in North America land with lower activity, more focus on the lower cost production areas for a while. That's our view at this stage.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I am not going to go into the detail tactics and strategy we have on pricing and share. That's going to vary all depending on I would say the basin, the customer type and so forth. But I will say that the general rule that we have applied in recent years that below a certain contribution margin, we will rather stack the equipment than operate at the level that is unacceptable.
Paal Kibsgaard: While to think to kind of venture out and even make full year statement at this stage I think it's too early. We have very significant lack of visibility. The way we are going about managing actually both North America and internationally, is we are looking quarter by quarter now. So we have taken actions to be in line with costs versus the activity that we foresee for Q1. And we will continue to stay very closely in touch with customers to look at plans going forward to make sure that we continue to tailor resources to the projected activity. Now we are aware of the third party surveys and the 10% to 15% reduction in international spend for 2015 I think today is probably a reasonable starting point although I wouldn't confirm it from our side for the full year.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well I would be very disappointed if we don't see a significant improvement in our decremental margins in this downturn versus what we saw in 2009. The -- we've had a very, very strong focus on generating incremental margins in the past four, five years, and over the past quarter we have basically converted our strong and peer expectations on incremental into equally clear expectations internally on what good decrementals are. I am not going to give you what the number is but like I said I will be very disappointed if we don't do significantly better than in 2009.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well I think you hit on several of the things. But if I was to just kind of repeat to clarify them, what we have passed to our senior management team in the quite frequent meetings we've had over the past quarter, there are really three high level things. Firstly, the increased importance of staying very, very close to our customers. First interactively support our efforts to reduce their cost levels but also to make sure that the -- we very clearly understand their plans and changes to their plans. That's the first one. The second one is what you will alluded to do that we stay focused on what we control. And that is to proactively adjust costs to activity levels, and factoring in the benefits from the transformation. And also having a clear plan on how we are going to navigate the commercial landscape in terms of activity and pricing discussions with our customers but also very importantly to continue to focus and deliver safe and high quality operations, which is essential to our performance but also to our customer's performance. And the third one which we are also balancing into the total picture is to capture the opportunities that we see in the current environment and we see the current environment as being flushed with opportunities for us. First is to gain market share in light of our two main competitors looking to combine. Secondly to accelerate the transformation, our organization is now pulling very hard on it and we also see our customers being very open to adjust how we work with them and how we interact with them to gain some of the benefits. And then the third one is inorganic growth. We see lots of opportunities for this based on our strong cash flow and also very solid balance sheet. So these are the high level messages that we have already passed to our management team and they are currently executing.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, I wouldn't see that. The current environment has changed the strategic directions that we were looking to pursue. It is more about when these opportunities arise. We have a clear view of where the company is heading and what we want to do from an M&A standpoint. We have been executing a number of these things in pervious years and as we go forward now, we would look at whether the other opportunities that we have in our list become accelerated opportunities in which case we will pursue them.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. Well like you say in the current full year CapEx estimate is 3 billion, but given the lack of visibility and the uncertainty, this is still subject to change. So I will also that part of the CapEx reduction is due to the efficiency gains that we are planning from the transformation. So you cannot directly translate the CapEx to a projected revenue for 2015 and I also don't think you can directly compare it to the CapEx reductions that we did in 2009. I will also say that we have significant flexibility built into our manufacturing capabilities. We are, as I mentioned, targeting market share gains in particular in the international market. So if we need more CapEx, to serve these gains, we have the flexibility to increase CapEx during the year, and also we have the opportunity and flexibility to decrease CapEx further if the impact on the transformation is even beyond what we are targeting. 
Paal Kibsgaard: While I would -- our approach to these discussions with our customers and we are receiving invitations to engage in these discussions both international and in North America. I mean our approach is that we fully understand the need our customers have to reduce their overall costs. And we have engaged in a range of discussions where we are looking at volume discounts versus market share, further application and new technology, generally better planning and efficiency maybe less use of backup resources, better terms and conditions and it also involves general pricing discussions, right. So with the transformation, we have significant opportunity to drive costs of our system internally but some of these cost savings will also depend on our customers being open to work with us in different ways. And I would say there is a significant increase in that openness to start to realize these values and I think our discussions in general are focused on how we can create more value together, obviously in addition to general pricing discussions.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, absolutely. And over the past three years or so, we have fully centralized our shared services and supply chain organization including global category management. So we are fully leveraging firstly our buying power and secondly I would say a highly capable supply chain organization to drive a similar type of discussion with our suppliers as to the discussions we have with our customers.
Paal Kibsgaard: In some ways it does. Because then you are performing quite well and you are busy taking on more work and growing to change to where you were both internally and in the interfaces, you have both the customers and suppliers. It's more difficult to drive change in that type of situation. When you have a shift in market conditions as you have now, we see even more interest internally and even more openness on the customer supply side to engage in doing things differently. So I would say, yes, the changing market condition provides us with more opportunity to accelerate so then the key is just how do we put resources on to this from a central management standpoint to have the various parts of the program staff and given the financial means to accelerate some of the investments that we are making to realize these gains.
Paal Kibsgaard: No I think it's a bit premature to say it's happening now. I mean the transaction is not closed yet. So I think as of now we are preparing for this. In discussions with our customers, the topic comes up, but I would say that this is more something that will take place if and when the transaction is closed.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well if I was going to comment on the transaction firstly at the high level, I would say that the pending transaction first validates what we have been saying all along and that is that scale is essential to drive performance in the business that we are in. Now from our experience making a making a large transaction to build and leverage scale it has a series of challenges. And in general everything takes much longer than you initially think. And in addition to this, all the extra work that is involved with making such a transaction, easily distracts you from running the base business. So as I have been saying we look at this transaction as an opportunity within capital low for us and we do intend to capitalize on it, and this is again linked to the gaining of market share. In the international market I would say in many countries our market share has been limited by a glass ceiling and this glass ceiling has been put in place by our customers to make sure that there is enough work to make a third player viable. Now if the other two players were to combine into one, then I think this glass ceiling can easily be broken and that's why we are basically going through pretty much all our contracts in all the international countries we operate in and to make sure we have targeted plans for how we would look to capitalize on this market share opportunity if and when the transaction closes.
Paal Kibsgaard: While as I said I didn't make a full year statement on this. We are going to focus on managing this year in quarters. I think the general statements I would make is that the impact on North America Land we expect to be significantly more dramatic then what you would see in the rest of the world.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well I think as to your -- the things going on but in Petrobras I will let Petrobras comment on those things. Our relationship with Petrobras and our working relationship continues to be very good. Now Petrobras did recently announce budget cuts for their first half of 2015 and versus a previously indication of flat spend. So there will be challenges in Brazil going into this year. As for the new contracts, the latest information we have is that the wireline and E&M contract will kick in mid-year of 2015. And what is going to happen to the market share within these contracts and I don't know. We are based on the bid happy with the contact. Now what Petrobras chooses to do in terms of market allocations we will have to revert to them.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay, if you look at the first quarter, even for the first quarter there is still significant visibility challenges. Now we do expect a significant sequential drop in revenue due to, like you say, last year on product sales, the normal seasonal impact in particular in North Sea, Russia, China as well as in Marine Seismic and also the exchange rate impact in particular from Venezuela and Russia is going to felt. And the last part which is kind of new this year is further activity and pricing impact from the reduced E&P CapEx spend. So what we have done is and we have tailored our cost space for revenues to be around the levels for the first quarter of last year. So this involves a range of cost measures taken in Q4 including the release of the 9,000 people that we quoted. So I would say I am comfortable with our cost structure with respect to this base case of Q1 activity around revenue levels of Q1 of last year. Now this activity is stronger, we have means to cover it, and if it is lower we have the ability to quickly cut more.
Paal Kibsgaard: I am not saying that the revenue is going to be that, I am saying that that's how we have tailored our cost base.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, it's not. This is a global reduction and it both a combination of I would say structure headcount as well as fee capacity headcount.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, as Q1 evolves we will firm up our view on Q2 and the playbook we run through in Q4 to be right-sized for Q1, we will repeat if necessary during the first quarter to be right-sized for Q2.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well I am not going to predict the cost here but I will tell you that normally we recover our costs in the severance within the following time here. It's probably more than this number. So I have already covered in fact [inaudible] be within the 2015.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well if you look at global deepwater activity, it was down I think 6%, 7% in 2014 predominantly driven by Brazil and in 2015 at this stage and I am talking about deep water activity now, we still expect another 5% to 10% decline. Where it is going to come I think is a bit early to say. The Gulf of Mexico looks likely to be reasonably flat. As I just mentioned Brazil, there seems to be potentially further cuts in Brazil and I think there is still a bit lack of visibility in Angola. But I would say, 5% to 10% decline in activity is what we expect which is more I think in line with what we absorbed in 2014. Now I think with a big saving in deepwater drilling spend it's going to come in 2015, it's going to be around the rig rate which started to come down in 2014 but I think the big saving our customers are going to get on deepwater drilling in '15 is going to come from the rig rate.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think on the deepwater size for our product and services, we do have discussions around trying to drive costs out of the system. But I would say our customers in this market segment in particular are still very-very focused on operational integrity and also looking at using the latest and best technologies to make sure that they drive performance through that. So we haven't really had any significant I would say price book discussions or requests for price book reduction. On the deepwater side it is more how we can work together to drive total cost down through better planning, through better execution, through less downtime, rather than specific price book discussion.
Paal Kibsgaard: Oh, you are right. In North America land that has been the situation. I would say that we are seeing or in 2014 we did see a growing uptake and a growing appetite to apply new technologies to drive both higher production and lower cost to improve cost per barrel. So I would say that BroadBand family of stimulation technologies is a very good example of this. Highway was one of the first and a major technology innovations on the fact side in terms of fluids for quite a while. As we introduced it in 2011, it grew very fast. But with the BroadBand family which was introduced in the early part of 2014, this is currently growing at four times the pace. So part of this is that we have engaged our customers in a slightly different way this time around for BroadBand and we have met myself and my team included with a range of our customers at the CEO, COO level to lay out firstly what the technology does but also to give them introductory offers to basically demonstrate what these technologies can do and I believe that when we introduce them in this way then the adaptation to all these organizations actually is quicker and more significant.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well I think our customers still look to drive down total cost or improved cost per barrel and when they engage in these discussions there is already pretty clear on the standing of what some of these technologies have already done for them, and when we have commercial discussions these improvements and these benefits that we offer are factored into the overall situation when we discussed pricing with them.
