Simon Ayat: Thank you, Malcolm. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in this conference call. Fourth quarter earnings per share from continuing operations, excluding charges and credits was $1.35. This represents an increase of $0.06 sequentially and is $0.31 higher when compared to the same quarter last year. During the quarter, we recorded a $0.09 charge relating to a provision of accounts receivable in connection with the client in Brazil who filed for bankruptcy during the quarter. Fourth quarter revenue of $11.9 billion increased 2.6% sequentially. Of this $298 million sequential increase, the vast majority came from the year-end surge in software product and multi-client sales that we typically experienced in the Q4. Oilfield Services pre-tax income of $2.6 billion increased 4.3% sequentially. Pre-tax operating margin increased by 37 basis points to 21.9% largely due to the positive effects of the previously mentioned seasonal year-end sales. Sequential revenue and pre-tax margin highlights by product group were as follows. Fourth quarter Reservoir Characterization group revenue of $3.2 billion increased 1% while margin improved 132 basis points to 31.7%. These increases were driven by traditionally strong end of year software and multi-client sales offset in part by the seasonal decline in the WesternGeco Marine activity and the conclusion of several higher margin exploration projects. Drilling Group fourth quarter revenue of $4.5 billion increased 1.9% while margin declined by 69 basis points to 19.6%. The revenue increase was largely attributable to robust M-I SWACO and IPM activity in the Middle East and Asia area, while the margin decline was finally due to an over less favorable revenue mix. Fourth quarter Production Group revenue of $4.2 billion increased 4.8% as a result of robust Completion and Artificial Lift product sales and pre-tax margin declined by 27 basis points to 17.3% as the impact of stronger results from our Schlumberger production management projects and end of year product sale was more than offset by continued pricing pressure in U.S. land. Now turning to Schlumberger as a whole the effective tax rate excluding charges and credits was 22.3% in the fourth quarter compared to 22.7% in the previous quarter. Net debt at the end of the quarter was $4.4 billion representing an improvement of $1.2 billion as compared to end of Q3. Most notably we spent almost $1.1 billion on our stock buyback program during the quarter. We repurchased 11.9 million shares at an average price of $18.67 during the quarter. In addition during the quarter we took advantage of the low interest rate environment by issuing $1.5 billion of 3.65% 10-year notes and €500 million 1.5% 5-year notes. Other significant liquidity events during the quarter included $1.2 billion of CapEx and an improvement in working capital of approximately $1.2 billion. We were quite pleased with our working capital performance during the quarter. From a cash flow perspective we generated approximately $10 billion of cash flow from operation during all of 2013. This strong cash generation has allowed us to continue to invest in growth opportunities which we did by completing various acquisitions and investment in other companies most significantly our investment in (indiscernible) and investing $4.3 billion in CapEx and multi-client. While at the same time returning $4.2 billion of cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends and stock repurchases during the year. During the full year 2013 we repurchased 31.3 million shares at an average price of $82.82. From for a total of $2.6 billion while paying out $1.6 billion in dividend. As it relates to 2014 CapEx is expected to be approximately $3.8 billion in 2014 as compared to the $3.9 billion we spent in 2013. We expect the EPR for the full year 2014 to be in the low to mid-20s however this can vary on a quarterly basis depending on the geographical mix of earnings. Yesterday our Board of Directors approved a 28% increase in our annual dividend to $1.60 per share. This follows last year’s 15.6% increase and increases of 10% in 2012 and 19% in 2011. This new level of dividend reflects our confidence in our ability to deliver this growth and at the same time generate superior cash flows and return excess cash to our shareholders. And now I turn the conference over to Paal. 
Simon Ayat: So basically if you look at our cash flow generation the last couple of years we suffered a bit from the increase in working capital and the increase in working capital as we have mentioned before was our way of setting up all the Smith acquisition that we made in order to distribute the product further worldwide. The current performance that we have seen is back to normal and I think we will continue to be performing very well as far as the working capital efficiency and as Paal mentioned we are finally got to a point where our CapEx as a percentage of revenue at a manageable level and I think the cash flow generation will continue to be strong as you’ve seen it in 2013.
Simon Ayat: You know if you look back on several years now, we look at our dividend every year in January and we decide based on the level of activity, the cash flow where we’re going to be as far as the dividend is concerned. The 28% this is on the higher side and reflect the new level of cash flows that we are at and we will continue to be but there is no target number for the dividend. We will look at it every year and we will reflect basically on the condition of the business and the growth in the cash flow but there is target number.
Simon Ayat: Frankly we don’t need to borrow to fund the repurchase, we did the borrowing to take advantage of the lower interest rate which as you know kind of climbed the business during the quarter so we did it at the right time and we have some maturing that’s coming in the first half of 2014 which we will use this excess cash to bring it down.
Simon Ayat: It's really in-line with the rest of the world. I mean you know last year it was lower because obviously the pressure pumping is consuming less as we have consumed some of the excess equipment. Exact figure I don’t know ready with me but I will follow-up with you on this.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: You have made a big push an emphasis on returns on capital efficiency of your previous two quarterly calls in particular and we can see the results now some pretty strong free cash flow as a percentage both of sales and EBITDA but can you talk just a little bit as to how much more efficiency is there squeezed out of the system now? Because you seem to have come quite a long way already.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: What is it in your business that gives you confidence that you can take CapEx down while your revenue is increasing? I mean that’s something which sort of no other company has not been able to do.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Okay you also highlighted the higher price contracts rolling off, how do you see 2014 kind of the headwind there and the tailwind on your technology and ability to push more value as through products offering.
Paal Kibsgaard: By coming down to some of the elements that we have discussed around the internal transformation. There is a lot of focus and lot of things we’re doing to guide asset efficiency or asset utilization that revolves around better sharing between locations you know quicker turnaround in maintenance and a better transportation network setup as well. So, yes we’re going to continue to grow in 2014 an we’re taking CapEx slightly down and I think I’m quite comfortable with really different [ph] levels we’re making in the in-line growth with higher than what we anticipate. We have the option of further increasing CapEx but as of the $3.8 billion number that I’m indicating I’m quite comfortable with.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well the revenues were rich indicators basically we talked to revenue we generate for the unit rig activity and but using more revenue earnings well obviously that house [ph] but also by substituting existing basic technologies with new technologies really command the pricing premium that basically helps drive that indicator out. So on average in 2013 that revenue for pricing indicator grew by 5% over 2012 which obviously helps both in the top-line and on the bottom line.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well if you look at 2013 it's one of the highest years we have had in new technologies both in new technologies that we were introduced over past years and we track it very (indiscernible) and also the technologies that were introduced in the past five years which we also track very closely. So we have a number of new technologies that came on 2013 and a similar number is not even higher coming up in 2014. So we will continue to leverage what we have introduced in the past year and also augment it a significant number of new technologies coming out in 2014. So I’m quite positive and optimistic that through the new technology introductions we can continue to drive the effective pricing up. Now big contracts like for instance we saw in Mexico recently it's continue to be a big, quite aggressively and competitively on the basic pricing but having a number of new technologies that we’re introducing we should be able to continue to our improve that revenue for rig pricing indicator.
Paal Kibsgaard: With further comments on the Broadband family until we have completed the key testing and the commercialization milestones. The few things I mentioned are around high precision fracturing where we cross address each perforation cluster as well as having finished with which better control to sort of coupling. There will be technologies in this family that will advance those, there might be some other things there is lot of we will talk about that when we have firmed out the key testing and we’re ready to roll it out.
Paal Kibsgaard: While if you look at the solid double digit growth in earnings per share it's kind of a combination of the two (indiscernible). So we aim to grow our foot line faster than the growth in the E&P spend. This is going to be driven by new technology which we just talked about but also the quality of our service and our integration capability. But we all plan to continue to expand margins even in a challenging pricing environment. That’s going to be driven by our execution efficiency and our ongoing transformation in the program. So how much is going to come from each, we obviously have a very clear on view I’m not going to go into the detail probably but I think both of them will be very good contributors.
Paal Kibsgaard: Basically we have a very broad and well-balanced portfolio. So these shifts they might have small impact but overall I’m not overly worried about that going into 2014. With respect to exploration we still see growth in exploration in 2014. It's going to be lower than the roughly 10% that growth that we saw in 2013 but still decent growth. Now in terms of the nature of the growth in exploration we expect this to be more well related again so we’re pretty clear that the flattening of the pricing spend is happening. There has been a lot of data acquired in recent years. So the growth in exploration is going to be more well related than exploration related and well that is that means that it's a more challenging environment for WesternGeco it still bodes well for our Wireline well testing and drilling product line. So of course they called in the balance.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well we would like if that happen but if you referred to the fracturing if I go like fracturing there is still today significant industry overcapacity of horsepower. So at this stage we do not expect the market to reach equilibrium in 2014. Now in terms of activity for North America you expect solid growth in activity on land in 2014 and a lot of this is still going to be driven by further improvements in drilling and fracking efficiency. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks we do not see any significant combat in in dry gas (indiscernible). So if you look at the trends that you saw in 2013 I think they are continuing into 2014 and North America last is going to be I think more of a same.
Paal Kibsgaard: It's more than up against, I choose to focusing on North America because this is where I think technology will have a significant impact in terms of how the market is going to be shaped going forward. We talked about that on previous calls. We obviously have a broad I would say portfolio of new technologies coming out also addressing the international markets with the range of businesses we all present but I choose to highlight North America land and attracting on the coal.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well the question is to if you want to welcome to give you a specific number or go much more in detail. I would say the change the sequential change both in revenues and margins in both environment I think is going to be more and less in line in what you see at an average over the past couple of years. So there are a lot of moving parts in our business and the way we see we do want to at this stage that is going to be more or less at normal seasonal growth that we see.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well we want to try I can’t promise but we have a lot of drivers that we’re working on to which is kind of you know puts us to try to refuse that. But now it's going to come down to a number of things but the new technology introduction and a further improvement in efficiency and quality are one of the key drivers. So, I can’t promise but we’re certainly going to try.
Paal Kibsgaard: So season for us we would have appropriate impact in pricing in Q1 that’s mainly down to the renegotiation and rollover of all the certain contract that we have. So we believe that a few of them during Q4 with some impact in Q4 we get a full impact of those in Q1 and the other contract as well that will probably impact in Q1 to a certain extent. So that’s dated for the kind of pricing comments that I already made.  
Paal Kibsgaard: Well I think I will focus my comments on ’14 for now and things can move fast in North America land but we’re pretty confident that we will not reach equilibrium in 2014.
Paal Kibsgaard: As I’ve said in my prepared remarks the early indication for these (indiscernible) we will have a pretty solid market share gain. Now these contracts are not finalized yet, they will be finalized during the first quarter. We expect to mobilize the additional resources that we need to take on the additional work during Q2 and that we will get into kind of full operation on these contracts in the second half of the year. So we still see H1 [ph] activity to be somewhat challenging partly due to the (indiscernible) slowdown but I think H2 [ph] will be better for us given the market share gains. Now with respect to the and as you recall obviously the net profits for the industry in Mexico but the earlier impact on our activity will be 2015.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well we continue to see strong growth and activity for us throughout in China on land and this is driven by both conventional price gaps and there are certain expense (indiscernible) right, so partially this is through the market penetration for us. There is lot better demand now for our new technology, for our fracking expertise and also for our further management capability. So I still the overall I still think China as one of the fastest growing geo-market for us in 2014 as it was in 2013. I have a pretty positive outlook on China for the coming year.
Paal Kibsgaard: I would say overall rig activity we expect to be flat in 2014 which is going to be another challenging year. Exactly what’s going to happen (indiscernible) I’m not going to going reach out there but it will be a challenging year you know coping with the frac activity which is obviously lower than what we were expecting going back 12 to 18 months.
Paal Kibsgaard: I don’t have the detail for those available (indiscernible). So I can’t comment on them and follow-up maybe Jeff.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well I think both the margin probably is going to be a good measure of it, it think also it will have some impact on our ability to generate the free cash flow. So I think both of those are good yardsticks to look at.
Paal Kibsgaard: If you look at 2013 we obviously stayed back significantly in North America due to basically hardly any CapEx required for pressure pumping. So I think what you see going into 2014 is an more even increased North America versus international and obviously we included in North America to growth of Mexico where we see had price significant growth and these services are also quite capital intensive.
Paal Kibsgaard: Jud we typically don’t comment on details kind of growth outlook for either but I would say that we’re aiming to grow in Latin American in 2014. What level I can’t really comment on.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah I think for both of the product lines we’re seeing continuous pricing challenges. I would say the only one that has kind of stood out as a positive and that’s very much driven I would say new technology introduction is actually a good thing. So but the other ones given the market conditions are all facing pricing challenges.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well what we have done over the past couple of quarters which I had in my prepared remarks is basically that we are both in number of smaller Broadcom [ph] companies for the key liquids shale basins both in the U.S. and Canada. So our plan is to combine the offering from the biggest Broadcom [ph] companies with our existing artificial lift business and then the objective is then to provide a life of well lift solution to the customer base. So we will do that by looking at what is the idea of lift or ESPs and lot of technologies to optimize production and we’re going to obviously leverage our production adhering expertise and our ability to monitor and integrate the production based on from these wells.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well when I comment on the Gulf of Mexico my comments are generally focused on deep water which is obviously a large part of one operation and so while there might be some offshore rigs we’re still quite optimistic in terms of the rig projections and the results for the Gulf of Mexico or deep water in particular for 2014 and that’s what I’m basing the outlook on.
Paal Kibsgaard: So for the revenue per well in North America land I don’t have that data available at this stage. I would still say that that’s probably you know not up as much as the 5% in terms of global revenue, international revenue that I was referring to. So there is continuous negative pricing pressure in North America. So I would say revenue per well is probably more challenged than revenue per rig over a quarter.
