Paal Kibsgaard: Okay, so if you look at what we set out to do about some months ago, we set up the goal to basically close the margin gap in North America because at that stage we were severely underperforming in our eyes. So if you look at where we stand at this stage, we have more or less closed the gap, so I'm very pleased with the margin momentum that we have managed to create. And I'm also quite confident and positive in my outlook of our future margin momentum. If you look at land, we are at this stage seeing a very strong pricing momentum in both Drilling and Wireline, and I think this will continue in the coming quarters. I also think that our HiWAY introduction drilling technology is going to help extend our pressure pumping margin momentum. We're actually seeing some customers switching to our pressure pumping services at this stage at the back of HiWAY. We also continue to drive utilization in all segments as part of the restructuring that we have initiated and we have record utilization again in pressure pumping in March. And also see some impacts that still come from the restructuring in terms of supply chain services, as well as general support. Now in addition to that, we are also relatively optimistic on the onset of the Gulf of Mexico coming back and we have a very strong position in the high-end services, so Wireline and Drilling and Measurements in these new rigs and permits that have been granted. And this, of course, is going to be highly accretive to our non-performance going forward. So that's on the margin side. On the growth, we are very much committed to invest in capacity as we go forward. The quarter-to-quarter growth for Well Services as I indicated in my comments were in double-digits, but they were offset by the significant reduction in multi-client sales, as well as the non-recurring gain share we had then in IPM. So we are very much, I would say, positive on the outlook of North America at this stage. We have secured manufacturing capacity on pressure pumping in a multi-year bid program that we started last year and we have a lot of flexibility in our program to continue to take significant capacity addition, which is what we are going to do.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think we are ramping this up very quickly as you see. There's somewhat the quotations that's needed to be done on the pressure pumping equipment that we have on the wildcard, but this is not significant. So the main thing is just to have the product available to pump and we have, obviously, a significant supply line set up to do this, right? So just in terms of the ramp, we did about 100 stages as I said in Q4 and we did over 500 in Q1. And this is now multiplying almost by the day, right? So we have not only in North America, but we are now engaged in looking at candidates and projects pretty much all over the globe. So this is a significant amount, I would say, growth vehicle for us on pressure pumping. And as I said, even in North America, we've had cases where customers have switched to our pressure pumping services in the background of HiWAY.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, I would say so. If you look at our margins in North America historically, the Gulf of Mexico has always been highly accretive to our business. Over the past year, it has been highly dilutive so I think it's going to have a significant relative impact to our margin as we go forward.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay, so we have actually been moving our contract base, in particular, within Drilling and Measurements towards performance contract over the past couple of years. And at this stage, we have around 1/3 of our contracts for Drilling and Measurements based on performance in various forms. And this is obviously something that we will continue to push going forward. Exactly how high it will come, I can't give you an exact number on, but again, we are setting quite aggressive goals in terms moving our contracts towards this type of cycle. And the key for that is, that obviously, when you take on a performance-based contract, you need to have confidence in your ability to perform. And at this stage, we are very confident in our ability. And the reason for that is the excellent in execution program that we embarked on 4 years ago where we have basically invested heavily both on the product development side to get better performing products, but also on the operational processes and all of these elements are now paying off very, very nicely.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, I'm thinking -- well, I think at this stage, it is really is what is driving the sustained activity in North America, all right? But I mean we have -- some of these wells are produced for 1 or 2 years maximum, I'd say. It's still early to say how sustainable it is. But at this stage, it is looking quite promising.
Paal Kibsgaard: So I think the main basis for optimism at this stage is the fact that we have a very, very strong technology position both on the acquisition side and on the processing side, right? So the examples we showed on Coil Shooting is obviously at the absolute high end of it, but there's also a lot of other technologies within the offering which is unique to us, right? So we are quite, I would say, upbeat and optimistic on the basis of this strong technology position. I think what's going to be the key element that's going to determine the uptick on marine pricing is going to be what's happening -- what is going to happen in the Gulf. So I'd say whether the same round is going to go forward at the end of this year or early 2012. If that is the case, then I think there will be a significantly more multi-client acquisition activity in the Gulf, which again is going to tie up investments that are currently on third-party, and this, again will then hopefully create the pricing traction that we are looking for. I thought the counter to that is whether some of the players more and more specifically mine leading trend they keep adding vessels to the global's pick up. But overall the technology position is, at this stage, what makes us products optimistic and upbeat on seismic.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think overseas, it is pretty similar, right? Yes, we've had these surveys planned and they were going ahead and that's good, and some of them are actually going more high-tech than what they initially thought. But I think the main doubt there is how many vessels are going to be attracted into the Gulf of Mexico as we get ready for this lease turnaround.
Paal Kibsgaard: And if can add, I think also in the past, you may have had options of whether you went to 2D or conventional 3D and you could still get a reasonable view of the reservoir. And with some of the reservoirs that we are chasing now below salt, there is only 1 option in some cases and that is called shooting. So in fact, the need to move to high-end technology even to get some cycle answer is a lot more significant at this stage and that's why I think the technology uptake again is going to be quicker and higher.
Paal Kibsgaard: So if you look at the margins overseas, again, similar to North America, we also are mostly very confident in our ability to basically continue to widen the margin gap that we have versus the competition. Some of the reasons for that is that we still see a significant margin upside from the Smith integration as we continue to get both the revenue synergies and the cost synergy and as we switch into the exploration phase, the value mix of our services is, I would say still significantly higher or more favorable than that of our competitor. And also given our size at this stage and the focus that we have put over the past year on internal efficiencies, there is significant cost in margin potentials from our side. So I would say that generally, the margin momentum we have overseas is significant and we will continue to pursue it and maintain a very meaningful margin gap towards our competition.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. I don't think the pricing of capacity necessarily is going to change our strategy on that. I think the benefit of this model is that we have the ability to set ourselves apart from the competition due to the stronger performance that we have and obviously, if there's a tightening of capacity and the base prices continue to go up. They will have to be a higher value for the performance that we put up. But the contractual framework very much holds water in a tighter capacity situation as well. We will continue to push that and make sure that we get our fair share of the value that we create with our customers.
Paal Kibsgaard: What you said is pretty much the case. These things vary significantly and in terms of how you formulate it in the various contracts and the various customers. But the principle is, that there is a basic fee that we get for being there and doing the work and that could typically be lower than what normal pricing would be. But then there is a similar upside for us to harvest in the event that we outperform what is currently perceived to be the benchmark and the benchmark would be the average performance of I would say us and the various competitors. So exactly how you're formulating contracts varies somewhat, but that's the basic principle. And by having that basic principle is just a matter of how much you put on the basic fee and how much you put on the performance upside. And at the end of the day, for us to deploy equipment into these types of contracts for customers in a tightening market, it would have to be attractive.
Paal Kibsgaard: I agree. You said year-end early on and I think it will definitely by year-end, if not, the second half of the year.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think the next segment that we would see that in will be in more slightly open-hole Wireline. That's the next in line for that. So probably similar tougher times, maybe slightly off in Drilling and Measurements but very quickly Wireline as well.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, as we decide to take on someone else's contract whether that's for 1 well or 2 wells or whatever it is, we'd obviously look at the value of that contract and whether it's something that we do want to take on. So it would have to be attractive again for us to do it and increasingly so when our competition keeps bidding low and our customers want us to come in that amount [ph].
Andrew Gould: I think that if the Gulf of Mexico plays out, Saudi plays out. The new [indiscernible] seem to be coming on a pretty much as we planned them, then the first place that equipment control that will show up will be Drilling and Measurements. In fact, in some places, they're showing up already which makes complete nonsense of the industry's pricing policy at this point in time.
Andrew Gould: Yes, and if I can provide a little color to that Angie. In Q1, the first quarter of 2011, we replaced our competition in Drilling and Measurements on 40 jobs. They replaced us on 7. Almost all 40 we replaced them on were for service quality review. We were replaced 1 for service quality and 6 times because we didn't have the right tool available. So I was just -- a very nice point that in this international market, as drilling ramps up, quality is really going to count.
Andrew Gould: We're not going to give you a percentage, Ole, but the decremental was very high, because whether you can't cut costs and when you're evacuating a place like Libya, you have very high decremental costs. So you can assume it was a very high percentage.
Andrew Gould: Well, not a great deal. As yet, there are probably 1 or 2 fairly large contracts where to retain them we've gone through nonsense pricing. But along as those contracts are long term, we know very well within the year's time, we won't selling the technology we bid on, so there's a possibly to recover margin in this. It's very much there. It's not -- what I'm worried about is, what I'm concerned about is that we're going into a market where the demand for this service is picking up very, very rapidly, and we still see a lot of nonsense pricing out there.
Andrew Gould: Yes, they will realize it when it has happened in 1 or 2 cases already, when they win contracts but they can't serve it because then the customers will become upset. And once the customers become upset, if you want to provide a decent service, you have to pay for it, right? So the emphasis will shift.
Andrew Gould: Well, that's going to depend an awful lot on 2 things in North America. The first is the speed with which the Gulf comes back after its initial flush of permits, right? So what is the total recon in the Gulf going to look like in 2012. And the second is, even if activity doesn't rollover, pricing rollover on land in North America because of the surge in capacity. So those 2 effects will come North America margins, they're a little bit unknown at the moment. But I think that absent the second leg to the recession or a severe drop in demand due to higher oil prices that the trend in international margins will, in the back half of this year, should accelerate. I mean as I said in my comments, more and more confident that the activity is there.
Andrew Gould: Well, you've lost them -- well, I mean very rough numbers you've lost 800,000 to 1 million barrels a day out of Libya, which is having to be made up by other people, which means that from the global spare capacity which you could calculate is really being around 4.5 million, 5 million barrels a day, you've lost 1 million. And I actually think that political uncertainty will add to the need to add spare capacity or to have more spare capacity available in the world. And I think oil prices are reflecting that at this point in time.
Andrew Gould: Well, I don't think that you can take these reservoirs as being some form of way of replacing the Middle East or something.
Andrew Gould: I would just add, if I may, Paal, that the awards of blocks in the Kwanza basin in Angola were all the people who've been awarded have a time-limited in which they have to shoot 2,500 square kilometers of seismic is a fairly significant event in demand over the next 18 months.
Andrew Gould: I would say not at this stage. I still think as you know, I said on many occasions that for both these liquid-rich plays, as well as the gas plays that longer term, the current technology is extremely wasteful and longer term that's going to shift and it's going to shift to a point where the completed zones will be pinpointed rather than being almost statistically frac-ed, but the technology is still 2 or 3 years away from that probably.
Andrew Gould: Mike, I'm just going to answer that because it's a subject I really enjoy. The advent of our technology is almost redefining the way in which people will do their initial delineation after 3D. So for example, a lot of the work we're doing in Brazil, is they've made the discovery, they've identified the reservoir, but before they go into development, they want to have a really, really high resolution map of the actual reservoir from seismic. So the technology is redefining to a certain extent the way that they're applying it, applying seismic as a tool.
Andrew Gould: Kurt, we explained in Boston and I'll repeat it, that as prices go up and as projects become more and more difficult, service quality and technology become more and more important and the operator's desire to take chances diminish, and I think that's what you see happening.
Andrew Gould: Absolutely not, no. And also the Gulf, they're reissuing permits in the Gulf. The operators all notice these things.
Andrew Gould: We've never been negative in the Gulf. So we've kept most of the infrastructure in place. We do not export a bunch of equipment, so there's not a huge amount of investment and we will bring people, the skill -- the very skilled people who we’ve been using overseas from the Gulf, back into the Gulf, so the actual cost structure is not going to be significantly different from what it was before. So we will -- the margin, as Paal pointed out a few minutes ago, are going to accelerate pretty rapidly.
Andrew Gould: I'm absolutely not going to make any comments on those specific policies of Saudi Aramco. They always had the option of accelerating Manifa in the various times. In the last two years, they've slowed it down and they've accelerated it. They're now, at this point in time, it's not for me to speculate. But yes, I think that the absence of good production worries the oil producers generally because while they like a high-level price, you don't like a higher oil price because of they potential they have to destroy demand. So where we see a greater activity from other NOCs, I think we probably will. And also, don't forget that this activity that's being added, we do not see that coming at the expense of the expansion of gas activity which is already taking place in the Middle East.
Andrew Gould: I have a great deal more of comfort that is -- well, firstly, I'm more confident it's happening because we can see what's being built, what's being mobilized and the rest of it. And given the geopolitical circumstances, the condition of Libya and Japan and everything else, yes, I think that I'm much more confident that the international spend are going to come much faster.
Andrew Gould: I think the biggest -- there are two significant changes in the way the exploration might occur in this cycle. The first is obviously the availability of deepwater rigs and the relative increase in our knowledge of how to prospect in deepwater compared to 5 or 6 years ago, that's 1. And the second is, the national oil companies themselves coming back to exploration which is not something that they did on any scale in the previous cycles. So generally and if you look at a basket of oil companies, private ones, the reserves in production ratios are not great. Where they have acreage is going to be perspective with these oil prices, I think they will substantially increase their exploration spend and you're seeing one or two of them out there.
Andrew Gould: Well, first, you have to remember the biggest change between now and then is we have Smith. And we have the opportunity to expand both Smith and M-I SWACO in those regions that we did not have in the previous cycle. Activity wise, I don't think -- I still don't think it's going to ramp as fast as it did in '05, '06 because the tripling of the rig count in Saudi was sort of once in 100 year event almost overseas because overseas never normally go that far. But over time, can we double some of them in the Asia again? Yes, I think we can.
Andrew Gould: One more time, I always thought I may have been wrong but D&M will be the segment that tightens first partly because they lose a lot of equipment. And so if you have an increase in activity and the normal rate of equipment lasted, things tend to tighten very fast unless industry is completely overbuilt. Now the Gulf of Mexico and Saudi Arabia are both very heavy users of D&M equipment. So those events have probably given us confidence that pricing is going to come back soon.
Andrew Gould: I don't -- it's very difficult to say. That will depend an awful lot on how capacity evolves in North America, whether we overbuild or we don't overbuild.
Andrew Gould: We are not an insurance policy for our competitors. In other words, if we replace them, we do not agree to the contractual terms that they accepted to get the job. If we accept to replace them at their contract value, we're just an insurance policy.
Andrew Gould: So the bulk of the revenue drop outside North America was either seasonal or geopolitical. So obviously, Libya is not coming back, right? The rest of it probably will. And the mobilization of projects towards the end of the quarter offshore was quite high. So second quarter, can we recover what we lost compared to Q4, for example? I don't think we're going to be very far away.
