Stephane Biguet: Thank you, Olivier and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Third quarter earnings per share, excluding charges and credits, was $0.63. This represents an increase of $0.13 sequentially and $0.27 when compared to the third quarter of last year. This was the highest quarterly earnings per share, excluding charges and credits, since the fourth quarter of 2015. Overall, our third quarter revenue of $7.5 billion increased 10% sequentially. We witnessed a clear acceleration of growth during the quarter as evidenced by the 28% year-on-year revenue increase. Consistent with our expectations, activity shifted towards the international markets, particularly offshore. As a result, we experienced international sequential revenue growth of 13%, which significantly outpaced North America. Although we experienced volatility in certain foreign currency exchange rates across the world, the overall net effect on our revenue was negligible both sequentially and year-on-year. Turning to our profitability, pre-tax segment operating margins expanded 161 basis points sequentially to 18.7% and adjusted EBITDA margins increased 91 basis points to 23.5%. Margins also increased significantly as compared to the third quarter of last year, with pre-tax segment operating margins increasing 320 basis points year-on-year, while adjusted EBITDA margins increased 133 basis points. This significant margin expansion illustrates the benefits of the operating leverage and pricing momentum we have as well as our ability to manage inflationary headwinds. Let me now go through the third quarter results for each division. Third quarter Digital & Integration revenue of $900 million decreased $55 million sequentially, while margins were down 586 basis points to 33.9%. The effect of increased digital sales was offset by the absence of $95 million of exploration data transfer fees that we recorded last quarter. Reservoir Performance revenue of $1.5 billion increased 9% sequentially, while margins improved 209 basis points. These increases were driven by higher intervention and stimulation activity both on land and offshore. Well Construction revenue of $3.1 billion increased 15% sequentially, driven by strong activity growth both internationally and in North America as well as improved pricing. Margins expanded 403 basis points to 21.5% due to higher offshore activity, a favorable technology mix and solid pricing improvements. Finally, Production Systems revenue of $2.2 billion increased 14% sequentially, primarily driven by higher product deliveries and backlog conversion as supply chain logistics constraints continued to ease. The revenue increase was led by international markets, which grew 17% sequentially. As a result, margins returned to double-digits, increasing sequentially by 142 basis points to 10.4%, their highest level since the third quarter of 2019. Now turning to our liquidity. During the quarter, we generated $1.6 billion of cash flow from operations and free cash flow of $1.1 billion. This performance represents a significant improvement compared to the first half of the year as working capital started to unwind during the quarter despite the sequential revenue growth. Consistent with historical seasonal patterns, we expect this trend to accelerate in the fourth quarter, resulting into free cash flow improving sequentially. During the quarter, we made capital investments of just over $500 million. This amount includes CapEx and investments in APS projects and exploration data. For the full year of 2022, we are expecting capital investments to be approximately $2.2 billion as we continue to support very strong revenue growth, particularly in our Well Construction and Reservoir Performance divisions. Net debt improved by $1.3 billion during the quarter to end at $9.7 billion. This level of net debt represents a $2.7 billion improvement compared to the same period last year. Our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage is now down to 1.6x and we expect it to drop even further during the fourth quarter on a combination of higher earnings and improved free cash flow. I will now turn the conference call back to Olivier.
Stephane Biguet: Yes. Neil, as you saw, indeed the working capital improved quite a bit in the third quarter, this is how we predicted and it resulted into strong free cash flow. Going into Q4, you will see this accelerate as we typically see at the end of the year. So, working capital will continue to unwind and free cash flow will continue to increase. We have typically, at the end of the year, higher customer collections. We have the effect of higher product deliveries, reducing inventory. So, this is what we expect.
Stephane Biguet: So Roger, first, we are quite happy with the progress we have made in deleveraging the balance sheet. We have not set a new target – a new leverage target at this stage, but as I mentioned earlier, we do continue to see the balance sheet continue to increase. As it relates to the uses of capital, as you saw, we made the first step in increasing returns to shareholders by increasing our dividend by 40%, starting with the July payment. And in the future, as cash flows grow over the cycle, clearly, there will be opportunities to continue improving returns to shareholders. And clearly, as well, we will provide you more details in – on November 3rd in New York.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, I think I would like to comment qualitatively on the strength and the power of the Core. First and foremost, I think it’s built on the two critical foundations. One is performance. Performance matters in this industry and performance gives us differentiation. I think here from our technology reliability, from the competency of our people and the way we remote digitally control and monitor operations, we are leading and we are recognized as such in the industry. The second is our customer intimacy. Our customer intimacy coming from the geographical basins and engagement we have that give us opportunity to deliver this fit-for-basin technology that are creating a unique differentiator and creating loyalty with our customers. So I believe these are the foundations. Now the delivery comes from our integration, our technology and our people competency and field operation. When you combine this and we have done that for decades, but I think – and when the market comes with higher revenue intensity in offshore markets and in unique projects where integration matters and technology mix and impact and create value for the customer, we see more adoption of our technology. We see more market share consolidation, and we see and recognize more pricing premium. So we see this trend to continue as the international market, the offshore market, the Middle East is the next leg of growth internationally. And we believe that the adjustment we did in our portfolio, the high grading we did in North America to tune the portfolio to be fit and focused on the capital light and technology differentiation, and this, combined with international footprint and strength we have retained, I think, give us a unique set of benefits as the market continues to unfold going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think it was, obviously, as we said, not only the biggest yet, but the most successful yet, event on the back of multiple factors. The first, the quality and level of the audience that did participate to this on both our strategic partners and our customers that made the effort to attend and engage to the event and all agreed that this event was a defining moment for them and they believe for the industry as it created an inflection point in recognizing the value of digital in performance impact, in decarbonization and in the efficiency going forward for the industry, building as a factor of resiliency and performance for the long-term for the industry. So I think that’s the highest takeaway. Now the other key ability we have is – and we had is that we had a product acknowledgment from the customers that were attending and from customers that were watching while it was happening that – our platform and our ecosystem with the partners we have created around our platform is becoming very mature and is delivering value and has already been improving its worth for many, many customers. So the buzz around the success of the platform and the value from subsurface to surface to remote operation or digital operation has been recognized, and this will call for more success. So I believe we’re at an inflection point in the adoption and we are seeing it through the different contracts, and you have seen some of them that are coming through in the press release, and you will see more coming – in the coming months and quarters that reflect the adoption at scale of our solution and it’s not only subsurface. It’s not only this domain, it’s expanding. And I think the announcement we made with Microsoft to offer an Enterprise Data Solution and the first commercial solution on OSDU is making an impact. Similarly, the announcement we made with Aker on the Cognite data foundation to expand and provide the only subsurface to operation integrated ecosystem for workflows and interoperability is unique. So the adoption is about to scale. And finally, you have seen that we also announced that the power of our platform has attracted the commitments and the collaboration with Saudi Aramco to go beyond upstream and to create a platform for carbon management. So I believe the table is set for success, if I may, going forward, and you will start to see this, this quarter and in the years to come.
Olivier Le Peuch: You’re correct. And I think the – as part of the mix as well, the international has made a comeback ahead of other basins. And you will see the next leg of growth coming from Middle East activity in the coming quarters, but I think that’s one factor. But I think technology to deliver performance, our customers are more focused on critical assets where they want execution, and they want performance enhancements and higher return on their capital, lower cost, higher return, but this translates into higher adoption of field technology, adoption of digital technology and the power of integration. So, when we have the power of integration technology adoption and are increasingly being recognized for performance and some of it through contracts that are performance-based, I think we are gaining recognition and we are, in effect, creating a net increase in the intensity of service, but also a net pricing impact. And I think that pricing has many, many dimensions, it comes from a mix of adoption of technology. It comes from the performance that – for which we are getting commercial contracts recognized and share the value of the performance it creates. And it comes from pricing – catalog pricing, as I would say, the combination of which is creating a net effect that we have been benefiting from. And indeed, particularly in Well Construction, where I think the breadth of capacity we have that is unique across the industry. The track record of benchmark of performance, the competence of our people, the digital operation transformation we did, all have impacted our cost of service delivery for one, have impacted the performance we have created for our customers and as such has created the service intensity that is creating higher earnings.
Olivier Le Peuch: That’s a fair hypothesis going forward. I think the Middle East has been lagging the growth and the rebound primarily due to the some of the constraint on the short cycle over the last 18 months due to OPEC+, but I think the four or five countries that have set some new expansion plans have – initiated this expansion plan in the second half and are set to accelerate their expansion plan going forward. I think it includes Saudi, it includes UAE, Kuwait, Iraq and what has been the first to expand, which is Qatar, on the LNG commitment towards 2027 will continue to expand as well. So I think the combination of this will create a new leg of growth next year internationally, and we will be set to benefit from it across all the divisions.
Olivier Le Peuch: Well, I think we are seeing this already today. And I think we have pricing impact started, as I said, 2 years ago, 1.5 years ago in North America and has been broadening, has been very visible internationally in the last quarter. So the – all the fundamental elements for - are in place, indeed. First and foremost, I think the capital discipline that we have in our organization is remaining firmly in place. Capital stewardship is clear, to us, and we deploy an asset in the contract and in the market to be accretive to our returns. The service intensity also considering the deployment of more offshore rigs is also increasing the pull on the existing net pool of resource technology that is getting further stretched on the demand of supply in our capacity. And finally, as I said earlier, the performance factor on the base foundation of our operations, be it our Core performance, be it technology that are fit for basin and are creating a performance premium for our customers or digital - operation of digital portfolio that we are rolling out are all creating a performance impact that the customers are looking for. Customers are willing to develop and are keen to develop their assets, provided that we develop them – if we help them develop them efficiently at lower capital intensity and with beating the curve and creating new performance benchmark. And I think this has a price and I think we differentiate in this environment. So we expect the future, indeed, internationally to support this pricing and these market conditions.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, as we commented earlier, and we commented in making of our subsea JV, and we addressed some of this as in previous communication, we are very constructive into the deepwater market going forward. The recent pipeline of FID that has been blessed in recent months, the pipeline that is set in 2023 according to Wood Mack is at $170 billion of FID that will be the highest in the last 10 years since 2011. And the mobilization of projects across the different deepwater basins continues. There are some critical and very positive trends in Brazil, in Norway, Guyana continue to be and that Latin America basin with still some appraisal both from the Columbia gas offshore or the Suriname will be complemented by further activity in Africa and also in Asia. So we are positive on the outlook. The number of trees is growing and has grown visibly to now exceed 300 trees. And these are – this is setting the market condition for supporting higher price and again, linked to performance in life cycle reduction, performance emerging in reservoir recovery using boosting and processing technology that are becoming increasingly critical. And hence, we believe the conditions are set to be positive for the deepwater partly for subsea market.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think it’s a combination where we are obviously extremely pleased with the performance of Well Construction during the last quarter, but not only during the last quarter. I think it has been a division that has been on a journey for the last few years, where we realized that we had the opportunity to put together the best and the biggest portfolio and the most comprehensive breadth of capabilities across the technology portfolio for Well Construction. We adjusted and changed the structure and the organization to combine all of this in one division, less than 3 years ago and about 2 years ago, and we are reaping the benefit from this, both from a technology adoption, from performance in integration, and from customer intimacy, giving us opportunity to expand our market access and expand our success and then critically creating the pricing impact and the earnings impact we want. So part of this, we have fit-for-basin technology that have created a unique performance impact and recognized as such. We have digital operations that we are increasingly using to impact the performance and the accuracy of our well placements and the efficiency of our operations as such, reducing our cost of service delivery. And we continue to introduce, as we said, technology that are making an impact and a difference on the market. So we are positive for the outlook. It’s the biggest division. It has and will continue to lead in the Core going forward. And we remain very, very optimistic about the outcome, and we believe that the customers recognize the performance and look forward using and adopting Well Construction.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think it’s – it was mostly offshore. It was driven by significant contracts that we have been executing in offshore environment, in Europe, in the Black Sea, in Norway, in Africa, a rebound of operations. I think the mix has been highly favorable, and this is the power of our Core and including Well Construction that has been played out very well. We have many contracts that we have announced, and we have been communicating earlier like the Ormen Lange project. I think we had some progress there. We have our Black Sea deepwater project, and we have more that have been combining to create much impact on Production Systems and Well Construction during the quarter.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think first, I think I have been sharing in my prepared remarks, some guidance that’s comparing the fourth quarter to the fourth quarter of last year with mid-20s revenue growth and 200 bps EBITDA expansion. And I think from the geography of business lines, I would only comment that we see an uptick in Middle East to materialize, and we expect digital to further accelerate and to reflect the year-end sales that we typically have. So, it’s a positive outlook, continued growth, both internationally and in North America and margin expansion to set to continue its very successful journey.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think it’s a very good observation. I think we expect indeed that the journey of digital transformation for our customers will take time. And I think it’s a long tail of transformation. We expect that will impact our results for a decade to come, I would say. However, we are indeed observing an inflection point that is reflecting onto the maturity of our platform and to the acceptability of this platform as the most effective platform that the customers have seen in terms of impacting their life cycle reduction, impacting the productivity of their asset team and providing them access to cloud computing resources and to digital operation capability that is not available to them today. So, we are seeing the adoption of our customers. We mentioned in the past that we have a baseline of 1,500 customers that are currently using our digital solution and our previous software suite of products. And we believe that we are today between 200 and 300 of those customers about 20% of these that have already adopted and have started to move and transition onto the platform, and we expect this to accelerate both in number of customers, but also into the expansion these customers are using – the way they are using our platform and expanding the workflows, expanding the scope, indeed, adding the data enterprise solution as a necessity to go and reset and transform their data infrastructure and then adopting workflows from subsurface workflows to operational workflows. So, there are multiple dimensions, complete intensity dimension, workflow dimension and customer – number of customer dimension that we are set to benefit for the years ahead.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think it’s both. We believe that there is a compelling event and accompanying need and utmost priority for the oil and gas to decarbonize itself. It comes into the engagement we have and the success we are having with energy transition technology portfolio to reduce the carbon footprint or the Scope 1 and 2 of our customers. It comes in bright lights with the portfolio we have created, the SEES portfolio, end-to-end emission management for methane, in particular and getting more traction and more success with this portfolio. So, I believe that this is happening at scale, and our customers are turning into a clear, I would say, initiative – set of initiatives to reduce the oil and - the carbon footprint of their operations and to target a lower carbon oil and lower carbon gas production. So, this is the first trend, and this is happening at scale and this will include CCS opportunities that we are developing as well in parallel. On the side of this, there is a lot happening into the clean energy – and I believe that you have seen some announcement in the IRA. You have seen some announcement in the REPowerEU that are aligned with the domains we have selected, the – be it geoenergy for efficiency, be it critical mineral to lithium, or be it hydrogen with getting credits at large, and obviously, CCS with the 45Q improving to help us address not only the CCS opportunity to - that are close to our oil and gas customers, but also the ones that are close to hard-to-abate sectors. So, I believe that I will not try to contrast both, I will more recognize that both represent huge opportunity of growth, existing customers and with new customers and that we are set to grow and build opportunity on both.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think we – first, we will look forward to see you at the event in two weeks and indeed comment on this and give you more color. But it’s clear that we are seeing and we are very positive on the outlook, both on the market fundamentals that are in place to support our ambition for growth across the Core, Digital, and New Energy for the reasons mentioned before and discussed during this Q&A. And also, we believe that the investment we have done and the performance we are delivering for customers is giving us indeed the earnings power that will continue to translate into margin expansion going forward. So, this is set, and I think we will comment more and give you more color on our ambition forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think it’s always difficult to compare and make analog between cycles. But I think I will more focus on what is unique about this cycle. I think the conditions are set, and it includes a few critical, I would say, factors that I think - I don’t think can be comparable and will lead to a unique cycle. One, I would say, is the global gas market is uniquely constrained and is structurally imbalanced. And I think this will lead the gas market both offshore, onshore, unconventional and conventional to continue to have a long growth cycle independently of the, I would say, some headwinds on the economic market. Second is offshore. Offshore has indeed started. Offshore, we have conditions from a breakeven price that are with all FID below $60, if not $40, that are set to support a very strong offshore environment for oil and in the gas environment, obviously, and this is very visible both in deepwater and in Middle East. Middle East will have one of the highest growths in offshore environment with more than 30 rigs. We are just contracted in the last six months by Saudi for oil development offshore. And last, I would say that the Middle East is set to have a combination of factors that include the maximum sustained capacity commitments or the enhanced capacity that has been committed by many countries in excess of forming and buying between 2025 and 2030, and we will not be surprised to see this commitment to be accelerated forward so that the Middle East is the swing producer of and expands the capacity. And the result of this because Middle East is also growing in its gas ambition and not only because of the LNG commitment from Qatar to exceed 120 MTPA by 2027, but also because the unconventional and conventional resources are being exploited for domestic and for regional markets. And all that combined, the oil capacity expansion, the gas will result into the largest ever investment cycle in Middle East. And this is starting, and this will be happening in the next 2 years or 3 years. So, 2 years or 3 years, Middle East will benefit from the largest investment cycle that we have seen. So, you have unique characteristics that can and cannot be compared with the past. So, I just want to focus on getting the best of this future market, positioning ourselves using our performance attributes, using our unique technology and preparing the team to participate at scale and being successful for our customers in this environment.
Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you. So, I believe that this will – we will close this call. So, ladies and gentlemen, I think to conclude, let me summarize with key takeaways that I would like you to remember. Firstly, Q3 results represent another quarter of outstanding execution and financial outperformance in our returns-focused strategy. This was achieved through the combined effects of significant international activity inflection, technology adoption, operating leverage and pricing premiums. These results give us confidence in our ability to deliver upon our promise and exceed our revised guidance for full year 2022. Secondly, we are witnessing a decoupling of upstream investment from uncertainties in the near-term economic outlook. Constructive market fundamentals reinforced by the energy crisis are decisively aligning in support of a multiyear upcycle. Furthermore, the activity mix and investment trends continue to evolve very favorably in alignment with our strengths, both geographically and across the breadth of our portfolio. Finally, the secular trends of digital transformation and decarbonization continue to gain momentum for a higher value and lower carbon future for our industry. Whilst at the same time, the global urgency on climate actions is resulting into an acceleration of clean energy investments. This is creating a unique combination of opportunities we are set to pursue at scale through our three engines of growth: Core, Digital and New Energy. Ladies and gentlemen, I could not be more satisfied with our performance to-date and with our outlook for the full year, to close a sequence of 3 years with remarkable progress against a very challenging backdrop. We are ready to further this success and continue our journey towards a bright future for the company. Thank you very much.
