Simon Ayat: Thank you, Simon. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in this conference call. Second quarter earnings per share was $0.35. Excluding charges and credits, this represents an increase of $0.05 sequentially and a decrease of $0.08 when compared to the same quarter last year. There were no charges or credits recorded during the quarter. Our second quarter revenue of $8.3 billion increased 5% sequentially, largely driven by our international operations. Pretax segment operating margins increased by 17 basis points to 11.7%. Highlights by product group were as follows: Second quarter Reservoir Characterization revenue of $1.6 billion increased 7% sequentially due to activity increases beyond the normal seasonal improvements we typically experience in Q2. These increases were primarily driven by strong multiclient license sales and higher international Wireline activity. Margins increased 81 basis points to 19.8% due to the increased contributions from higher margin Wireline activity and multiclient. Drilling revenue of $2.4 billion increased 1% as a stronger activity in the International Areas was partially offset by lower drilling activity in North America land. Margins decreased 45 basis points to 12.4%. Production revenue of $3.1 billion increased 6.5% sequentially, primarily driven by higher international activity across all the product lines. Margins were essentially flat at 8% as the improvements in international margins from higher activity was offset by the effects of pricing pressure in North America land. Cameron revenue of $1.2 billion increased 5% sequentially. Margins increased 94 basis points to 12.6%. These increases were primarily driven by OneSubsea and Surface Systems. The book-to-bill ratio for the Cameron long-cycle businesses was 1.2 in the second quarter. The OneSubsea backlog increased to $2.2 billion at the end of the second quarter. Now turning to Schlumberger as a whole, the effective tax rate was 16.7% in the second quarter compared to 15.5% in the previous quarter. This increase was a result of the geographic mix of earnings. In terms of cash flow, we generated $1.1 billion from operations leading to $459 million of free cash flow. Good performance for the second quarter despite the temporary delays in receivable collection that we experienced in certain regions. Our net debt increased $335 million during the quarter to $14.7 billion. We ended the quarter with total cash and investment of $2.3 billion. During the quarter, we spent $101 million to repurchase 2.5 million shares at an average price of $40.12. Other significant liquidity events during the quarter included CapEx of approximately $404 million and capitalized cost relating to SPM projects of $181 million. During the quarter, we also made $693 million of dividend payments. Full year 2019 CapEx, excluding SPM and multiclient investment, is still expected to be approximately $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion. And now I will turn the conference call over to Olivier.
Simon Ayat: Okay. Thanks, Angie. Let me just elaborate a bit on the cash. As you noticed in the second quarter, we performed better than last year. We – although, we expected better actually, we were some delays in collection in certain geographical regions. But that put us at six months level at better than last year. We expect the second half to even be better than last year as well. As you know, we always perform during the second – we consume liquidity during the first half, because of working capital, and we improve it during H2 of every year. This year is not going to be an exception. We will continue the trend and you will see that this thing we're very confident on it. Our plans shows that the cash flow in the second half will be quite healthy. And this takes me to this issue of the dividend coverage and return of capital. We obviously -- we haven't been producing enough cash to cover the return on capital but we know that this is a priority. This is an objective and we're comfortable that this level of cash flow free cash flow we will be reached and we will be able to cover our commitment to the return of capital to the shareholders.
Simon Ayat: Okay, let me just repeat a little bit what I said about the cash. Here with the performance that we have achieved the first six months and what we anticipate in the following six months, helped a bit by the divestitures that we have announced we're going to cover everything and overall reduce our net debt slightly but we will, which in other words we will reduce our net debt, which is borrowing and we will be able to cover all the commitment, the dividend and the continued buyback that we are performing on a quarterly basis to avoid the increase in the share count as a result of the stock-based compensation. Now I'm going to go and confirm on our expectations for next year. Next year 2020, our forecast today that the dividend will be covered through the generation of cash from operation. And we will be able to cover the again the dividend and we will continue with this small buy back. So the commitment to dividend as Olivier mentioned and historically there is no question about us maintaining the dividend. And I think given our forecast and what we see the way we're going to conduct the working capital and the investment in the projects we will have ample cash to cover it.
Simon Ayat: You have three divestitures, which are close to $1 billion. And what we anticipate, what we included in our scenario for this half is at least two of them will be completed in the second half.
Olivier Le Peuch: James, I think you'll understand that my short-term project is clearly to complete first the transition with Paal, and to focus on execution during the upcoming weeks and months as we want to freely reach the opportunity set that this new market outlook presents to us. I will gradually indeed communicate the level of the strategy, during the next few months and quarters as we mature and deploy initially with the leadership team going into 2020. I don't think it's appropriate for me to deploy until at least – prefer to postpone that in a setting and a setup that would be more appropriate. So that could develop and then expose all of you to the right priority range going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think for the first I think this is nothing really new. We have started that two or three years ago, and I think we initiated this in larger scale with the WesternGeco transaction about a year or year and half ago. I think we had as part of the management team agreed that we need to look critically at every business we own and look at the return on assets and return on capital and then use a productive approach to anticipate and use every opportunity that exist in the market to either separate or do and run it differently. And I would associate it very closely to two of them the rig deal with ADC in Middle East and – and Sensia as I believe that here it was not necessarily for the asset, but it was more for creating the unique joint venture that would change the market. Why won't we start there? I think it will depend upon the market condition for one; and two, upon the results of some amount of the strategy. But clearly, we will continue to look at every way we can improve our return on the capital return on equity, and improve ROIC for the company. So that's trust – trust me and trust us on this for the future.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, good question Scott. I think first and foremost I think -- to participate into the North America land market is too big to ignore and I believe that our ability to extract value more for our customers to beat a technical challenge and create efficiency for the industry is critical. So that's the reason why I think we have stayed in the market invested in technology takes high value and meet our customer expectation there. Going forward we will reduce the -- look at the way we run this business and look at the optionality going forward of doing it differently. But for now, I think we are in this business to make it the fittest. We have made improvement on efficiency. We are working more across the international operator that are going in the basin also with some large independents. And they are acknowledging our efficiency and the impact we can provide. Now, the future is the future and we will determine on the outlook of the market what is our position and be smart about what we take as a decision and manage the capital allocation accordingly.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. Let me first come back onto the Q2 drilling performance as I think two or three things played at the same time. Actually internationally actually LSTK contract with IDS the product line performed very well and had growth internationally and improved their margin. Unfortunately this was offset by the significant activity drop in North America both coming from the breakup and coming from lower rig activity by 5% into the land. Combined with this indeed the total IDS second show was actually lower than in Q1 and this is due to three things; first, Iraq we completed a project. Next, India has an activity that is linked to the project. And last, we had only a flat revenue or flat activity quarter-on-quarter in Saudi. So, Saudi is I think four LSTK contract and we are not necessarily pleased where we are on the performance. But as any project we are focusing on improving quarter-on-quarter performance picking on earnings and trying to improve from this to accelerate the learning curve. This particular commission in Saudi we had geological well condition and operational issue that both combine to create the setback for execution. But I spend quite some time within the team. I've been with the team on the ground and I'm pretty confident that actually the team has understood the gaps both technology and operational execution and that we'll gradually see improvement of our performance in the LSTK contract in Saudi. And in fact converge into the ambition we had which is to reach and be accretive from this execution to the Drilling Group margins.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think we will review the progress during the third quarter. I'm planning to stand back and be with the team some time later this quarter to review progress. And then we'll at that time review which or action we take if we are short.
Olivier Le Peuch: So, as I've shared during my prepared remarks I think we initiated some key initiatives on the earlier this year to focus on both the contract and the very specific underperforming business unit and not only doing reviews, but also making actions to change the contracts and/or to work with the customer to improve those. So, yes, we have made progress. I think a few business units or contracts that were particularly dilutive have transferred into neutral or accretive during the quarter. And this is visible. As I said, more than two-third of our product line have experienced growth during -- internationally during the quarter and all of them experiencing growth and actually experienced improved margins quarter-on-quarter, which I believe is the first for quite a few quarters. And I think it's due to some of these heightened focus on to these underperforming business units. So now it's not over. We still have a few business units or contracts or execution area where we are not satisfied and I think we have acknowledged this. We have all eyes on this issue and we're working with the team to improve those casually with customers, so that we improve our performance. And continually, we'll gradually improve our margins going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: So first, starting with North America, I think the pricing is still a little bit depressed environment, both due to the rig activity decline that we have experienced for the last few months combined with the excess capacity that still sits into the North America business. Now this being said, with the right technology, with the right value creation, with the right efficiency, we are capturing either to performance or to technology setup the pricing mix that I think is favorable and we have seen that in our RSS technology in the North America. We have seen that as a motion in Surface MonoFlex. We have seen this into some very specific dedicated fleet contract that we have with OneStim and this help us mitigate the exposure to the spot price market that keeps going down in the market. Now by contrast internationally, while the market is not uplifting the price on the large tender for sure and we still see very much, very highly competitive environment across the globe, we see that in some spot geography with offshore or with in more remote geography with the right technology, be it in exploration or be it in drilling for difficult wells and difficult condition, we are starting to obtain updates and upgrades on our pricing commission or simply getting the mix that is more favorable to our margins. And as such, as I've commented before, several product lines internationally have had a quite robust pull-through in the last quarter.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. I think just to give a little bit of light on this. So we do anticipate a similar earnings step up sequentially during the third quarter. And as such, we believe that the current Street estimates are achievable, however with no visible upside. Indeed, we expect the momentum in international growth and relative margin expansion to continue. That's what we have seen. And we do anticipate also the North America outlook to remain actually challenging as a result of again the sustained pricing pressure and limited or no activity increase partially for drilling. So that in all will result into the guidance I shared.
Olivier Le Peuch: So let me first reiterate what I said indeed to the investor community back in New York is that we are committed and I'm personally committed to dividends. And I will not be the first CEO to step back on this commitment. So count on me and count on the team and the commitment we have into the operating margin improvement and working capital improvement to make it steady and a reality going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: Good question. Thanks. I see first that Cameron Group continued to perform very well. I think I've seen that the long-cycle business continued to increase backlog. Now, we're in excess of $2.7 billion, mostly from subsea. And the short cycle as well is continuing to maintain share in North America and gaining share internationally. So you're seeing that mix including share internationally for the short cycle and maintaining share and rebounding from the activity. Long-cycle rebound is combining to help us with not only growth but also with margin improvement over the period. So I think the margin, yes, I think we have made that comment that we believe the margin trough is behind us, and I believe that this is roughly the case. And I think we are -- we see going forward steady growth build on the backlog that the long cycle have accumulated and build on the further gain on the international growth. As you have seen international growth was across the core product line in Q2 sequentially. We expect this to continue in the second half and this is built on the leverage of the GeoMarkets contracts that have started to take place and is giving a tailwind to the Cameron organization. Now more specific to subsea, I'm very pleased with the engagement and the relationship and the alliance we have with Subsea 7. We have actually in connection with this, we have received the required anti-trust clearance and as such we have accelerated elevating alliance to now having a dedicated management -- joint management structure that oversees not only the engineering, but also the pursuit of new opportunity and integrated project and the execution of project during integration. The result, of which I think you, may have seen it. We are quite successful in the last few quarter to gain against competition integrated joint project and I think the feedback that I've received personally from the customer and that Jean Cahuzac and his team have received from the customer is excellent both from the execution, but also as we presented one team to the customer we also offer them the optionality to choose us independently and go with either self-package or the SVF package. So I am confident that this integration will continue to be a success for both company and I'm very confident that with regards to OneSubsea, the leadership there on the tieback compression and execution target goal they have they are the execution company in subsea to what I've seen. They have technology edge on subsea processing including compression. And you have seen the recent award from Shell, Ormen Lange in Norway, again a major award that cements our leadership into subsea processing system that have the reliability and deliver the recovery that the customer wants. So very well aligned and I'm confident.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yeah, thank you first for correcting the number. Maybe I misspelled it, but it was 14% -- one-four -- percent shallow water rig activity that is continued growth. The deepwater is seeing less growth of rig activity at the moment more single digit, yet we are seeing FID -- there is color on FID that are lining up in the third and fourth quarter of this year that would translate in further growth and acceleration of deepwater as we expect into next year. Now the offshore activity at large I think is very solid on shallow both in Middle East and in Asia. And deepwater is seeing the rebound of activity in the West Africa at large. So I feel a combination of this is very favorable. As I did comment in my prepared remark, the offshore exploration is up more than 30% year-over-year year-to-date and this benefits very much Wireline. So the deepwater activity is more later-cycle increase that we'll see from the second half and into next year.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, you are correct. That's the assumption that we're also taking. I think, we do expect and anticipate that the combination of seasonal slowdown and budget exhaustion will create a trough in the fourth quarter as we have experienced last year, but will be followed most likely by our strengthening and rebound activity in Q1 across the area. So, we are prepared for this. We have done it last year. We'll be agile. We'll be certainly stacking some equipment. We'll be going and doing what is necessary to withstand this trough, but we are ready for it. I think agility is, one of the focus of the team, both in organization and into responding to the market trough and peak. So, we will do that again this year.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, that's a challenge that we all face and I think the way, we are addressing this is twofold. First, focus on our own quality control which is our own efficiencies and our own productivity. And I think, we have deployed several parts of business system deep-hole tools and technology that improve our own surface efficiency that improve the way we operate, deploy equipment and run remote operation in the North American basin. And that has over time proven to be following through and helping to protect our margins. Now, the second aspect is, reservoir efficiency for addressing the gap of technology that the customer looking for to address some technical challenge and the specifics of parent-child interference and all the specific performance contract that some of the major are ready to engage with us with. So, playing on both, continuing our execution on productivity, efficiency and modernization, which has already gained a lot of pull-through and aligning more with some critical customers partly around the technical challenge or around when we can, like we did with Oxy and Aventine, New Mexico around performance-based contracts and then using -- leveraging our system performance to extract the margin. Both these will be played one to protect our cost structure and to be more productive and the other one to uplift and capture some of the value we focus on that. So this will protect and increase our margin going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes absolutely. I think the mix will be a little bit different, albeit similar trajectory for international. I will expect that some of the setback we had in the second quarter will resolve themselves and the activity mix will present itself opportunity for drilling to perform slightly better next quarter.
Olivier Le Peuch: So, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. So before we end today's call, I would like to do first few closing comments. Firstly, I want to reiterate my word of appreciation to all the Schlumberger employees, who did contribute to last quarter's success. Our performance -- second quarter performance was both solid on earnings and cash flow generation on the back of a broad international and offshore market recovery, partially offset by the persistent challenge in North America land market. We did respond very well to this familiar setting, leveraging our international footprint, our technological strength and our efficiency and performance execution with most of product lines and geography posting material revenue growth quarter-on-quarter. Our elevated focus on service quality and low performing business units and strict prioritization of capital allocation have also resulted in margins improvement internationally. Additionally, we are working closely with our customers to extract more performance on single contract and we are jointly planning the mobilization of the upcoming activities in response to the increased concern about future supply of resource and technology. Looking forward, despite the fears of global trade and geopolitical tensions, the current activity trends looks set to continue with -- into the second half of the year with the next quarter driven by strengthening activity and increasing international spend, whereas we anticipate the North America land market to provide no relief from pricing pressure and little or no income or productivity. We believe that this market conditions continue to align very well with our positional strength, particularly on our ability to generate much differentiated earning potential and we expect that the momentum initiated during the second quarter to continue during the remainder of the year. Finally, I would like to express my sincere thanks to Paal for his support and guidance during the past six months, while recognizing the contribution he has made to the company for the last decade. I had the privilege to work side by side with Paal during most of the last 10 years and I've been very impressed by his unique leadership skills and his ability to steadily transform the company in a very difficult period and propel Schlumberger for future success at the lead of a new growth cycle internationally. I believe in particular that the modernization platform and the digital technology leadership developed during the last few years will represent a winning foundation upon which we will develop our next chapter with an increased focus on cash and returns. I look forward to continuing the engagement with the investor community during the quarter and look forward to see many of you during the energy conference early September. Thank you for your attention and participation to this call.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I wouldn't read too much into the details of this. I think the Board is following pretty much the same recipe as when I took over. There was a split of the office Chairman and CEO also when I took over. My predecessor as CEO stayed on a bit longer, but also we had another Nonexecutive Chairman, Tony Isaac staying on for a couple of years after that as the Chairman as well. So the selection is basically down to what the Board has decided. And the split of the office at this stage is the same as what we did when I took over. And what the Board decides to do going forward, I think will be up to the Board.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I would make the bold statement and say that Simon and I will most likely retire at some stage. A date hasn't been set yet and I think the date will be set in between Olivier, Simon, and the Board. And the succession will be carefully planned and we will inform the market when we are ready.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, let me take on that one. So overall, what we're saying is that the balance between demand and supply as we see it today, we don't see it changing dramatically as we go into 2020. The main issue I think around the oil price today is the negative overhang around trade and what the implications of that is going to be for the medium to long-term. So I think in our assumptions, we expect that there will be some type of resolution to this that it's not going to go on for a long time. And that -- with that, we will not have a structural change to the global demand outlook. On the supply side, as I said in my prepared remarks, we see a gradual fall off of the supply additions from the projects that were sanctioned and largely funded prior to 2015 and this will further expose the accelerating decline that we see in the more mature production base. You can look at Norway, U.K., Nigeria, Indonesia, Mexico and so forth and you will see there that even the non-presalt in Brazil, you will see that there is significant declines taking place there. And I think with that, we don't see a major tailwind on non-OPEC production outside the U.S. in 2020. And with also the lower investment that was in the U.S. there will be growth in 2020 in the U.S., but I think it's going to show a decelerating pace. And that's why when you combine all of these things, we believe that the current situation is roughly where we will find ourselves also in 2020.
