Paal Kibsgaard: Well, if you look at pressure pumping pricing levels, as I said, we continue to see downwards pressure on pricing in gas in Q4. The liquid basins, we saw pricing basically being flat, some contracts being up, and some contacts being down. Now how this is going to evolve, I think, is still uncertain at this stage, right? There is obviously a chance that the continued flux of capacity from the gas basins into the liquid basins is going to have an impact on liquids pricing as well. We haven't really seen any downwards trend yet. But clearly, over the past quarter, the pricing has been flat, so that's basically where we stand on that. In terms of our view on North America land, like we said before, we remain committed to the markets. We have a build plan for 2012, which is obviously flexible. But we will remain committed to the market in terms of adding capacity, provided that we can get the utilization that we are looking for, right? And so -- in addition to how we see the North America land market for pressure pumping, we have also significant demand for horsepower international. We won a lot of contracts in the international markets requiring fracturing capacity. So in the event that we have the opportunity or basically decide to ship capacity internationally, I think that will be welcomed by our international operations.
Paal Kibsgaard: It is still an "if" condition. We have basically decided on a build plan for total pressure pumping with a certain allocation to North America, and we haven't changed that at this stage.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I would say that over the past quarter, we have -- over the past couple of quarters, we have shifted more towards term contracts. We now stand at around 80% term contracts for one year plus. And really, the only plays we play in the spot market at this stage is in the liquids plays, right, so I think there's been a shift in the market towards term contracts, and I think we are quite well positioned in that sense.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. The simple answer to that is yes. This quarter, I think, was the first quarter where our Gulf of Mexico margins were accretive to North America. So obviously, there's been a lot of focus in on the multiclient sales for Q4, which was quite strong. But I think it's also important to point out the strength we have on the deepwater side for well operations, right, both Wireline and on the Drilling segments. So we're quite optimistic in terms of the outlook for the Gulf of Mexico, firstly, in terms of our market share position and in addition to how well we can leverage our high-end technology and operational performance in this type of market, right, so we see steady growth in deepwater drilling rig count during 2012, roughly about 1 rig a month. So we would be at pre-Macondo levels for drilling rigs in the deepwater by the latter part of 2012.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think all the operators are obviously even more thorough than that they were in the past, right, but we haven't seen a dramatic change in how operations are conducted. I think there was always a lot of focus on this. But yes, there's probably somewhat more testing and maybe double and triple checking of things. But generally, our position in the Gulf of Mexico at this stage, given the focus that we had now for, what, 4 years in our excellence in execution program, is even stronger than what it was pre-Macondo. So we are very well positioned, and that's why we are obviously quite optimistic in terms of the outlook for the market and also how this is going to weigh in on our North America performance.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, we don't know yet that. I mean, that's going be a large function of 2 things: what's going to happen to the rig count in terms of the reductions in gas versus potential increases in liquids; and even more so, what's going to happen to pressure pumping pricing.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. So like you say, I mean, we still see competitive pricing for basic technology on large contracts, while we see some positive signs on the smaller contracts. On the large contracts, our unique high-end technology is, obviously, priced higher, and we always have significant seller potential as the contracts unfold over the years. If you look at the international service pricing, typically, there is a lag between the moves and the rig rates, which we have been seeing over the last couple of quarters and our service pricing, right, so there is a potential upside on that. But I think one reason why pricing hasn't moved so much in the international market is the market share plays that have been going on. And I think these are potentially coming to an end. Partly, that's going to come down to the activity increase that we potentially will see. But I think also another key factor to this is that there is a growing customer emphasis on operational performance. I think they are fully realizing that very low service pricing typically gives very low service quality. And I think one example of this is the rate that we continue to replace competition within our Drilling & Measurements segments. In Q4 alone, the ratio of we replacing competition, and they -- and them replacing also us was 31:5, and this is basically coming down to quality and technology.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think it's still too early to say. Like I said, we continue to test pricing on smaller bids. For the big bids, and there's not really that many big bids coming up in the coming year, we'd obviously be a little bit more conservative to make sure that we protect and potentially gain market share. But I think it's too early to call it. The only thing I would say is that there was a growing focus on operational performance, and that plays very well into our strength in terms of our quality and our technology.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. I would agree with you, Ole, that the current consensus is probably somewhat on the optimistic side or on the high side. Just to comment on how we see the quarter from this point, I think the underlying activity continues to be strong, and it's driven by steady growth in the international markets and also strong activity in North America shale liquids. Like you say, we are going to see the normal seasonal slowdown in the North Sea and Russia, and I think also the sequential drop in product sales and multiclient sales. I think, also, there is some added uncertainty going into Q1 now in terms of the impact of the accelerating drop in North America shale gas activity, right, so generally, I would say that the current consensus is somewhat on the optimistic…
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. Like I said in the previous question, I think there is typically a lag between the moves in the rig rate and the moves in our service pricing. So I think that's the first point. But to your point in terms of what our customers are looking for, I think, like I said, there's a growing focus on operational performance. Obviously, that is even more where the rig rates are high, like in deepwater, but we also see that in more conventional offshore operations as well. So I think that international capacity is obviously one driver that's going to support pricing going forward because we don't see significant overcapacity in the international market. I think the main reason why there hasn't been more pricing movement is the market share plays that's been going on, right, so with the growing focus on operational performance, I think that is going to help drive pricing going forward. And again, that's what we are seeing on selected contracts even in Q4.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think we've seen them basically in -- all over. So I mean, I think they are reducing in intensity as the 2011 was unfolding and potentially coming to an end, right, given this growing focus from our customers on operational performance.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I mean, I would answer the question along the lines that we do see the seismic market -- or the Marine seismic market tightening. So Q4 saw the expected drop in utilization, but that utilization kept growing during the quarter. Q1 is already looking up in utilization, and Q2 and Q3, it’s actually looking quite strong. So the Angola seismic commitments around the Kwanza block awards are going to draw several new vessels into that area. But Angola alone is not going to be able to create a global undersupply, but I think it's going to contribute significantly. So in addition to Angola, we see the North Sea and the Arctic looking quite strong for Q2 and Q3. And also, there's going to be likely stronger activity in the Gulf of Mexico in this coming year, right, so basically, we see the potential to drive pricing up as being a kind of a mid-year to a second half of this year event. The amplitude, I am not going to be able to comment on at this stage.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, there were -- I think 2011 capacity additions to the 3D market, I think, was in the range of 6 vessels. What seems to be on the slate for this year is 3. So I don't think these capacity additions are going to have any material impact to the -- to when the pricing inflection point is going to become. In terms of our capacity, we -- the first thing we would do is to convert some of the source vessels we have back to acquisition vessels, but we will only do this when we can assure that we get the utilization that we are looking for.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. So for the overall number, just to kind of let you know how we are planning the year, so we're going to look at the year in 2 halves basically. So in H1, we are going to continue to invest probably around the levels of the -- the average levels of 2011. And then we have secured capacity that's going to allow us to increase capacity with about 25% in the second half of the year. That's going to -- that can take us up to the $4.5 billion level. Whether we go ahead and spend all of the $4.5 billion is also going to be a function of how we see 2013 because a lot of the additions that we're going to be making in the second half of the year are going to be obviously coming into play and into real capacity in 2013. In terms of how we are planning to add numbers in international, this is obviously going to be fluid, all depending on how the 2 markets evolve, right, but we are -- we have capacity, and we are ready to add as much CapEx in North America in 2012 as we did in 2011. But we're going to be looking at this on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think, commenting on the full year, I would refrain from at this stage. I think we -- again, we are looking at the year-end in 2 halves in that sense, right, so I think it's -- I wouldn't care to comment on the overall number.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, first of all, the Central Gulf of Mexico lease sale has not been confirmed yet. It's likely to happen around midyear. We still believe it's going to happen around midyear. It hasn't been confirmed yet. If it goes ahead, and if it is announced, we expect there to be multiclient sales prior to that lease sale, right, so exactly what levels they're going to be, it's a bit difficult to predict. But if there's a mid-year lease sale, I think our H1 multiclient sales in North America could be stronger than what they've been in the last couple of years. We are also in a very good position in terms of the multiclient library we have in the Central Gulf, which also plays strongly into this.
Paal Kibsgaard: It's difficult to say. I mean, if you look at the surveys, they range a lot, right, so -- but I think with the additions of deepwater rigs happening this year, which is going to come into full fruition next year, and with continued spend in exploration, we are optimistic on our outlook for the international markets.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. I think looking at what is going to drive part of the spending in the coming year, again, is deepwater and exploration. There's been a lot of exploration successes in the last year, which, again, makes us optimistic in terms of our view of next year. Looking at where we see most rig count growth, I think the -- in percentage terms, there's also a bias, like you indicate, in our view towards the offshore versus the land and the international market.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, like I said, there's a range in what the spending plans for the customers are, right, so I think, generally, when we say that we expect the 10% rig count in the international market, I think that is based on what we have seen from our customers, and I think that is -- whether that is ahead or behind what we are expecting, I think that is what we're expecting.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. So just generally first on the international and conventional market, we are -- I'm very comfortable with our position there. So we won a number of contracts in all the 3 international areas, and these contracts typically entail both studies based on this shale reservoir characterization model, as well as the wellsite operations for drilling and completing and stimulating these wells. The -- what we see in the international market is that there's typically no work done on unconventional or shale without first starting up with these studies when it comes to the reservoir. And obviously, we are barely leading in the ability to do that, and that puts us in a very strong position in winning these initial study bids and then building on that into the wellsite operations, right. So like I said in the script, we won a number of these contracts in all parts of the world, and I would say that the increase in activity for us in international and conventionals over this year and going into next year is probably somewhat higher than where I thought it would be going back 2 or 3 quarters, right. So we expect to see strong growth in all the international shale plays for us in 2012. The work is still going to be around evaluation and pilot projects in general. But I mean, it's still going to represent very good growth for us. And I think the 2 markets that is going to take off the fastest, I would say, would be Argentina and China.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, we added significant capacity in 2011, and we are prepared to continue to add it to the international market based on the activity that's coming up, right, but I would say that the countries that you mentioned, Poland, Argentina and China are probably some of the key ones. But I would say that there is a growing focus on unconventional and shale also in the Middle East, and we are ready to add significantly more capacity there as well as we continue to expand operations there.
Paal Kibsgaard: No. For the high-end technologies, I would say the companies that we generally compete with are Halliburton and Baker.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. I mean, on standard technologies and I would say on land contracts and so forth, it's Halliburton and Baker, and then also to an extent, Weatherford. Those are the main competitors. We don't see any other kind of new entrants into the market space that we are competing with at this stage.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, so first of all, it's not a joint venture. It's a corporation agreement. And the kind of contract that we are looking to work with them on are these production incentive contracts, à la the one we signed in Mexico during the last quarter, right. So these production incentive contracts are contracts -- they are service contracts, but they are contracts where we are going to be paid and compensated based on the fee per barrel over an agreed baseline for the asset that we are managing. So the background for the agreement is that both Petrofac and ourselves, we have very complementary capabilities, and we also see this market in between a traditional service company model and the oil company model to do this incentive contract as a very interesting growth opportunity, having complementary capabilities, where we are very strong on the subsurface, production engineering, well construction and product management, while Petrofac has all the surface facility, design capability and, also, operational fee management. These are quite complementary, and it's going to help us basically to bid on projects of a scale that we probably wouldn't do independently, and we can also develop these at a much faster pace. So it is not a joint venture. It is a corporation agreement, where we're going to be bidding jointly on these type of contracts around the globe.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, we've been doing these type of contracts for almost 10 years. And this was actually -- the original intent of IPM was to get into these type of contracts. So we've been holding a portfolio of contracts for in between 5 and 10 years. Not many, but the ones that we've had and where we have actually developed our skill sets, which makes us confident to go for bigger projects now. For that portfolio, the margins on these contracts are highly accretive to our average margins.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, it's a bit difficult for me to predict what all the other ones are going to do, right, but I would say that we will continue to invest into this market provided that we can get decent utilizations on the assets, and as long as the pricing and the margins are still attractive enough. What that level is, I can't really give you a number on, Angie, but we also have, like I said, significant demand for this horsepower internationally, so we're going to have to be balancing off -- if something was to happen in North America to the extent of what you're saying, we will look at basically balancing off how we add capacity into the global market and based on the returns that we can get. But at the same time, I would just want to stress that we remain committed to the North America market, and we are looking to gain share at the back end of the Reservoir workflow that we have established and also HiWAY. And HiWAY -- in a market that is going towards equilibrium, HiWAY is going to give us both pricing and cost leverage into the market.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I would agree with your first statement that some measured improvement in 2012 margins internationally is reasonable to expect. I wouldn't care to comment on exactly where that would be.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, generally, we are -- when we work with our customers, they ultimately decide what they want to buy from us. When we have product lines that together can bring more value, we promote that to our customers. And if they see the value the same as us, then, typically, they will buy it. Now in terms of forcing them to do something, we never do that. And I think the forcing is going to go away because -- whenever the horsepower supply and demand reaches equilibrium.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I think we are still very upbeat in terms of the performance of HiWAY and also the future potential that HiWAY brings, right. As I mentioned, we served over 35 customers in Q4, predominantly in the U.S. And while you introduce a new technology like this, it takes -- it basically takes some time from the initial jobs you do for one customer until you can broaden the application for a number of customers, right. So we had 50% growth in stages sequentially between Q3 and Q4, and I think this is a testament now to the customer base that we have established. And we continue to expand the customer base, and I think that's really what's going to help us further grow the service going forward. In terms of the jobs that we pumped or the stages we pumped in North America in Q4, probably only about 15% of the total stages we pumped were HiWAY, while we are really starting to expand in terms of the customer base, right. So I think there is significant potential as we go forward for HiWAY. And we also continue engineering efforts to extend the operating envelope in terms of lower temperatures and higher temperatures for HiWAY.
Paal Kibsgaard: No. I would say a significant amount of our North America existing capacity can also be moved internationally if we want to. We have standardized the type of equipment that we are operating, and that can be moved internationally as well. I don't foresee that happening. I think the main thing we're talking about now is how do we allocate additions from this point onwards. But again, we have a standardized fleet, which is mobile to any part of the world.  Okay, so before we close, I have one last thing to add. This is the last call that Andrew will be attending. So having spent 37 years with Schlumberger, he steps down as Chairman in April of this year. So I would, therefore, like to take this opportunity to thank him on behalf of the entire company for his outstanding contribution, and I wish him all the best in the future. I am sure that as a shareholder, he will listen to our future earnings calls, but I hope that Malcolm will not let him ask any questions. So Andrew, thank you again. And I now will hand the call back to Greg.
