Paal Kibsgaard: What I would say, you look at non-OPEC production outside of North America, it is very clear that it's now in full decline. If you look at non-OPEC production overall, it drops by 930,000 barrels over the course of Q1. About 50% of this was North America, and the other half was international non-OPEC. The leading driver outside of the U.S. in terms of this production drop is seen in Mexico, Colombia, Brazil, the UK, and in China. So 930,000 barrels of drop over the course of Q1 is quite significant, and non-OPEC production is now already 400,000 barrels a day down year over year. So based on this, we believe that the current oversupply is expected to shrink to almost zero by the end of 2016. And in Q4 this year, non-OPEC production is now forecasted to be down 1 million barrels per day year over year. So that basically increases the call on OPEC from today's level to Q4 by 1.8 million barrels a day, which is quite a significant increase. So yes, we believe and I think we agree with you that the oil market is in the process of balancing.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think we will need significant increases in E&P investment. There's no way you can get around that. But if you look at the current state of the industry today and you look forward to 2017, there are limited sources of short-term supply that can be brought to the market. What can be done next year is to draw down further on global stocks. There is OPEC spare capacity that can be put into the market. We have the North America land ducts. And if you look at new investments that are relatively short cycle, there are two sources of that. It is going to be the conventional land international, and it's going to be the unconventional land in North America. Both of these resource types are relatively short-cycle businesses, and production coming out of them is just going to be a function of the investment appetite. So I think the sources of additional production for 2017 is limited to these items that I just mentioned. And beyond that, I think we need a widespread significant increase in E&P investments to get supply back to where it can meet growing demand.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think it would be great if it didn't come back, but I still think most of it is going to come back. I think some of it today probably isn't operational because it needs maintenance. But I think when activity starts to increase, most of this equipment through some maintenance investment can be brought back in. And that's why I still believe there's a large capacity overhang in North America land. And with the current depressed service pricing, we need significant pricing increases to get back in to generate profits in North America land. And that's why I don't think that pricing traction is going to be significant in the short term, and that's why also I think the earnings contributions from North America land is going to be a bit out in time.
Paal Kibsgaard: You're right, it is increasingly difficult to maintain decrementals around the 30% mark. We did 32% even with the massive surprise we had in the first quarter. But yes, we are getting to the point where some of our technical capabilities, which take a long time to develop, we are going to revamp those and not cut them to be in line with current activity levels. But with that said, on the field capacity, we continue to tailor that to ongoing activity levels. This can be rebuilt within, I would say, plus or minus 12 months. What we are currently undergoing now is a detailed review of our overhead structure to see whether there is an opportunity to bring that further down, but that wouldn't be done to serve the next couple of quarters, it would be basically finding a way that we can lighten that burden more permanently. But to do that, it requires significant review, and that's the process we're currently going through at this stage.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. Maybe I can just start by one thing first. So if you look at our reported head count numbers, we reported at the end of Q4 95,000 people, and we reported 93,000 people at this stage, which indicates that we let go another 2,000 people during Q1. We actually released another 8,000 people during the first quarter. So we have now reduced our workforce by around 42,000 people from the peak in 2014. So the delta here is that we are now counting around 5,500 contractors which were previously not considered part of our permanent head count, so a drop of 8,000 in Q1. Now to your question around how we are managing this, we are obviously right-sizing field capacity continuously. This capacity, we can build back relatively quickly, probably within 12 months. But even in the field capacity, we have introduced a program called intent of leave of absence. And here for our senior field engineers and for key operational people, we are giving them basically half an annual salary, paid 20% up front when they take this leave of absence, and 30% of the salary is paid when they return back after 12 months. And we have several batches of this incentivized leave of absence where we can call people back in the coming 12 to 18 months. So that's a key part of how we preserve some of our core operational expertise. And then on the overhead and support structure, we continue to look at right-sizing that. But in this, our technical support organization, which takes a long time to develop, we are also ring fencing that to take sure that we have these people available as we get back into growth mode.
Paal Kibsgaard: Q2 is going to be another very tough quarter. So the significant drop in activity that we saw during the first quarter is obviously now spilling over into Q2. In addition to that, we're going to have the impact on Venezuela to deal with. So again, we are expecting a significant percentage drop in revenue going into Q2, which again will make it difficult or challenging to maintain decremental margins around 30%, although we are going to continue to try. What we see in certain markets and certain basins in North America and also certain markets international, that activity is coming down to basically critical mass type of levels. And at that stage, it is not only about focusing in on cost reductions and managing margins. We are also considering what the startup costs again would be in the event we have to shut everything down. So in certain cases, we are carrying, I would say, contracts and operations losses for certain regions where we believe that's a better investment than actually shutting down and then having the lag in time and significant costs to start things back up again. But this is a review we do for every country or every basin on a continuous basis, what's the benefit of taking the losses versus shutting down and then making the investments later on to start back up again.
Paal Kibsgaard: Our view on the medium-for-longer or the background for that statement is that I think that is the pricing level that the industry has and has to live with, and it's probably the pricing level that some of the core parts of OPEC is also believing is a reasonable target, although they have not told us, so that is our assumption. So in that environment, there is still a big jump for the industry to make sure that we can bring cost per barrel down to make projects viable in these pricing ranges as well as having enough projects to generate supply to meet future demand. So it is an opportunity for a company like ourselves to work closely with our customers in collaborative ways, where we look at jointly with them driving costs out of the system and production up from the assets that they have. And I think by having this focus, there is an opportunity for the industry to be quite successful in the medium-for-longer scenario. But we cannot continue to operate in the same way that we have done in the past. So we see significant opportunity for Schlumberger in that type of scenario, but it requires the industry to change both in the level of collaboration between customers and the service industry, as well as new investments in more efficient processes, better quality, and very importantly, total system innovation to drive performance.
Paal Kibsgaard: There are some signs of it, James, but I wouldn't say it's prevalent or significant at this stage. We are obviously very interested in starting it. We have some small projects going on with some key customers. In fairness to our customers as well, they are in a very, I would say, significant cash crunch at this stage, in which case the priority for them would have to be to navigate that through before they start changing their business model. But I think there is an openness and willingness when things settle here to move in towards more collaborative relationships, and we are certainly ready to lead that.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think it's fair to say that in terms of significant new projects being sanctioned offshore, I think that is not going to be the first area that our customers are going to start putting money into. So I think it's fair to say that the land part of the global operations will see higher investments before the offshore, and in particular the deepwater part. Now as to the percentage of our revenue and earnings, we haven't disclosed what deepwater and offshore is. But I would say that the current operating income we're getting from this part of our business is I would say significantly or massively reduced from what it was in more of a stable operating environment in 2014. So a lot of these hits I believe we have already taken. It still means that we have upside potential when these investments start. But we also have a very good presence, both in North America land and even more so in the international land conventional market. So in any situation where the investments are coming, and they would have to come, we are very well positioned to capture our share of them and generate earnings growth from the onset of the increase. And then the offshore and deepwater comes later on and exploration coming after that. We have several new phases that can spur our growth in the coming two, three, four years.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think it's a good question, Jim. I think if you go on historical ways of responding, I think it's right to say that in previous small and large downturns, the North American players have been quicker and had more investment appetite to grow fast. I think the situation at this stage is somewhat different. There is a potential significant supply challenge over the next couple of years, and part of this will have to be addressed through international increased supply. So I think a number of the players within the Middle East, I think Russia land and Russian Siberia all have the capacity I think to invest more and have a short-cycle impact on production. Now whether they will do that or not I think is still to be seen. But I think given the potential challenges of supply, I don't think North America by itself is going to be able to handle it. It would have to come from other sources as well, in which case I think this time around you would probably see a faster response, in my view, from the international conventional land businesses as well.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think oil prices now for Brent being already in the mid-$40s is a positive sign. Still, we maintain our view that there's going to be a lag between oil price and increases and significant increases in E&P spend. And I think our customers will take a cautious view on how much they're going to spend as well, given the balance sheet state of many of them and also the significant volatility that you might also see going forward. So I think you will see a gradual comeback of investments as oil prices increase, we believe, over the course of the second half of this year. And then it's going to be I think a function maybe of how severe the supply situation is going to be. I think that might be a good guide in addition to the movement of the oil price because if supply is clearly weakening, I think it's going to be much safer to increase investments going forward as well, in which case the appetite might come up together with the oil price. So I think our customers will take a balanced but conservative view initially. And I think the appetite might increase as we see how severe the impact on supply is going to be as the rest of this year evolves.
Paal Kibsgaard: It's difficult to generalize, but I think your statement around the path I think is going to be critical as well, the path of supply and the path of movement of oil price. Like I said, it's difficult to come up with one specific number. I think the various customer groups and the customers within these groups will have different views on when they are getting comfortable to invest. But I would think both aspects, the oil price movement and the supply trends, is probably what they're going to look at when they make decisions. But overall, as I said earlier on the call, E&P investments will have to come up in order to address the supply challenges we'll see in 2017 and onwards.
Paal Kibsgaard: I wouldn't tie it to a specific oil price. I would more tie it to activity levels. I think that's what's going to drive our pricing. And that's again, we see a lag between the move in oil price and E&P investments and our activity. But I think if there is a start of a third or at least a noticeable uptick in international activity, I think some of these pricing concessions that have been made, we should be able to get part of them back. And in fact, in many of our contracts, the concessions we have made are either time-limited or they are tied to oil price figures as well. So based on all of this, we believe that some of the pricing at least we will get back.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think if you look at both the fourth quarter and the first quarter of this year, SPM investments have been higher than what you've seen before, and we expect the second quarter to go back into more of a level that you've seen preceding these two latest quarters.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think if you look at the four areas, we'll see again a significant drop in North America, purely based on how the rig count has fared over the course of Q1. In Latin America, as you point out, we will have a significant impact on Venezuela, where we are in the process of tailoring activity to the rate of collections, which will mean a fairly significant drop in activity in Venezuela in Q2. And just for the record, I'd just like to also say that our receivable balance in Venezuela at the end of the first quarter was around $1.2 billion, and our revenue in Venezuela was less than 5% of the total for the first quarter and also for the full year of last year, just to give you some perspective of the situation there. Then going to ECA and to MEA, I don't have the details of the projections there, but I think you would see a similar type of revenue headwinds also going into the second quarter there as well.
Paal Kibsgaard: We've laid out the ambition of trying to keep decrementals around 30% since the start of this downturn, which was a lot easier to do five, six quarters ago than what it is to do currently. And obviously, when you have shutdown of significant operations in a large country like Venezuela, it is much more difficult to deal with because, for instance, in Venezuela, we are going to keep a large part of our local organization employed and on the payroll as we go forward. And also we keep our entire asset base in the country to make sure that we are ready to go back and serve our customers there once cash flow is available to pay us. So there are certain of these decisions that we are making now which are somewhat headwinds to decrementals, but I would say that our ambition is still to try to fight this out and deliver at least close to 30% decrementals, although I cannot promise it.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think if you look at Russia throughout this downturn, activity has been very strong, and they have done a good job from the oil industry in the country to keep production up between 10.5 million and 11 million barrels per day. So in spite of the challenges we have in Russia with the ruble and then the overall situation there, we've seen strong underlying activity and a very strong focus from the country and from the industry in the country to maintain and even try to increase production slightly. So I think through higher investments, obviously Russia has significant oil and gas reserves. And to increase investments, if there's an appetite to do that, I still think Russia has the potential to increase production yet going forward.
Paal Kibsgaard: And I think to your comment on Saudi as well, obviously Saudi is sitting on several million barrels of spare capacity, which they can put into the market if they so choose to.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think it's still early days on that. I think the overall concept I think is widely accepted. This whole focus on total system innovation going forward, combining hardware with sensors, instrumentation, and software controls, this is the way of the future for the industry. So I still think it's early days. We are seeing some traction in OneSubsea, which has obviously been at this for several years already, and also things around the Rig of the Future system I explained. I think it will be quite interesting when we also roll out our new frac system in 2017. So we have a lot of investments already going on, which means that it's not going to be years before you see the impact of what we are talking about. I think I would expect there to be already some impact in 2016 and even more so in 2017 to introduce these new technology systems.
Paal Kibsgaard: That's a fair question. I would say our general philosophy is that we do like not like contracts that are dilutive to earnings. So basically, losing money isn't something that we ideally want to get into. Now we take on contracts at this stage of the cycle that are dilutive to earnings per share if we believe that doing that is going to serve us long term either from a share standpoint or from keeping our capabilities intact as we work through the trough of the cycle. So in terms of being cautious and adding back capacity, if we are talking about being in the black and basically making profits, I have no issues at all releasing capacity and going for share. But if the share is associated with negative earnings, that's when we're going to be cautious and we're going to stick to basically preserving capabilities and infrastructure as long as pricing levels are at that stage. But I think as soon as you get into the black, we are quite keen to unleash all of the capacity we have available to gain share.
Paal Kibsgaard: The spreads we have today are actually quite well utilized because if you have – with the current pricing levels, if you have poor utilization on top of it, it is a disaster from a profitability standpoint. So the fleets we have in operations are actually today reasonably well utilized. So there might be some upside in capacity on it, but I wouldn't say significant. We would have to reactivate new capacity in order to take on significantly more work.
Paal Kibsgaard: Thank you very much. So before we close this morning, I would like to summarize the most important points that we discussed. First, our industry is now in the deepest financial crisis on record, with profitability and cash flow at unsustainable levels for most oil and gas operators. This has created an equally dramatic situation for the service industry. Each successive quarter for the past 18 months has brought increasing cost in E&P spend that have led to falling activity and lower demand for oilfield products and services. This is the toughest environment we have seen for 30 years, and it is likely to get even tougher before the market turns. Second, so far in this downturn, we have successfully managed a very challenging commercial landscape by balancing margins against market share and aggressively reducing capacity and overhead costs. In parallel, we continue to focus on how to best preserve the long-term technical capabilities of the company. This approach together with the benefits of our ongoing transformation program has enabled us to outperform our surroundings and protect our financial strength. And third, the current market presents significant opportunities for companies that have both the required capital and strategic bandwidth that enables them to invest. In this respect so far in this downturn, we have closed our largest ever acquisition, made a series of smaller but still significant investments in specific technology niches, and invested in integrated services and projects that will boost our financial performance going forward. We are also actively investing in pre-funded multi-client seismic surveys that will underpin a return to solid exploration activity in several regions around the world. And we also regard the protection of our technical capabilities as well as our immediate operational needs as an investment in our future growth. In summary, we remain convinced that the tightening of the supply/demand balance is well underway. And while the operating environment remains tough, the market presents a range of opportunities which we will continue to actively pursue. Thank you very much for listening in today.
