Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. So if I started with the Q3 performance, I would just say that I'm overall pleased with the progress. We are keeping very strong focus on execution as we have been talking about in earlier quarters, and we also are doing quite well when it comes to cost and resource management. We also continue to work on our internal improvement programs, which, by the way, is included in our normal operating cost. So in terms of margins, we saw further progression in Q3, and we had very good incrementals. And as I said in my prepared remarks, our international margins is now at a 3-year high. Some of the drivers behind this is slow but steady pricing increase, driven by new technology sales, as well as strong operational performance. But I would also say that the quality of service is still a market share driver for us, right? The D&M Q3 replacement ratio was again 34:3. So we're maintaining this 10:1 ratio, and this is actually starting to become meaningful for D&M now, which have shown significant improvement in financial performance during this year. So if you then take that performance and try to look forward, we maintain our positive view on international markets and also our performance there, right? We have a very strong international contract portfolio, and this portfolio has solid upside when it comes to both technology and the performance. And the other thing I would like to highlight as well is that we continue to expand the international presence of our smaller product lines. If you look at operations internationally today, we operate in over 80 countries and we have 17 product lines. But in 50% of these countries, we only have 50% of our product lines present. So I would say that we still have a lot of runway in terms of growth and as per market penetration. So in terms of margins going forward, I would just say that we will continue to leverage the size and the infrastructure and the execution capabilities to drive both the top line and further margin expansion. So as overall -- I mean, our view on the international market remains positive, and I'm pleased with the progress in terms of how we're executing. And I would expect us to continue to improve going forward.
Paal Kibsgaard: I don't have the breakdown of the rig increases that we've seen over the past year, right? But Saudi today is on track to reach 134 rigs by year end, which they, more or less, indicated. In terms of the outlook beyond year end, we don't expect this -- a dramatic increase in rig count, I would say, in the first half of next year. But rigless activity remains strong and is also a key growth driver for us in Saudi. But like you said, gas is important. Saudi Aramco recently announced a gas discovery in the Red Sea, which -- there's no firm plans beyond this. But with the gas discovery, I think it's reasonable to assume that there'll be more exploration activity around that. And there's also a lot of gas-related activity in the Northwest, linked to both tight gas and shale. So you're right to point out that gas is important, and I would say that gas, in terms of future growth in Saudi, is probably going to be one of the key drivers.
Paal Kibsgaard: Okay. So if I -- if you go back to the first question, I answered that. I think a lot of the elements of our international performance I covered there. So maybe I just focus in a little bit more on North America.
Paal Kibsgaard: So if you look at Q3, overall, again, solid performance for us in Q3. I'm pleased with the progress. Since we restructured our business about 2 years ago, we now have a very lean and focused North American organization. We have invested quite strongly in infrastructure over the past couple of years. So we are now able to leverage that. And we also -- after the Smith merger, we now have a very broad technology and workflow offering in the North America land marketplace, which we are also able to leverage. And finally, what I would say on the means we have to succeed, we probably have one of the best supply chain organizations in the North American market as well. They have done a really great job in particular, together with our pressure pumping organization, this year. So -- further on performance in North America, if you look at how we have been addressing the fracturing market, more or less from the beginning of this year, we have kept focus on what we call minimum effective margins. This is basically the product of our bid price times the utilization. So if these effective margins go below a certain level, we are prepared to lay down crews. So we laid down crews in Q2. We also laid down crews in Q3, and this is how we are able to protect better, I would say, the margins in our pressure pumping business. Now in terms of the other product lines on land, we continue to have solid performance both from Drilling and Wireline. Obviously, the Gulf of Mexico remained strong for us and was, in Q3, highly accretive again, even with the Hurricane Isaac impact, and this is with flat seismic sales quarter-on-quarter. Now if you look at the North America market going forward, from our standpoint, the -- on the plus side, we expect to see continued strong performance in the Gulf of Mexico from us, both when it comes to drilling activities as well as seismic. And we also see Canada having a positive impact for us in Q4 and Q1, although not to the same level it had in the previous year. Now on the negative side, fracturing margins are going to come down further in Q4 and likely also in Q1 as the new pricing levels work its way through our contract volume. But -- and also -- as I also mentioned, we also see some margin pressure in coiled tubing. Now what's going to happen beyond Q4 or Q1, I would say there's really 3 main questions in my mind. Firstly, will there be a Q1 recovery in liquids rig count after Q4? This is key to maintain the current land pricing overall, both for frac-ing as well as for the other product lines. The second question is will there be a share place in the frac markets and a new pricing floor, given the fact that there are significant excess capacity in the market, and also, when the guar leaf comes, is this going to be another source of market share place. And then the third question in my mind is in terms of how North America, overall, is going to perform, what are really the normalized frac margins. The way I see it or we see it, the frac market in North America today is largely a commodity market with a very low barrier to entry, where capacity is really driving the pricing. And we peaked at around 30% margins, and the trough is now in low single digits. And I would say, in my mind, that the normalized margins are more in the middle of this. They're certainly not towards the upside. So I think these 3 elements, obviously, are going to be important to sort of guide us in how the North America market is going to continue to evolve. But I would say I'm very optimistic, though, in terms of our ability to outperform on a relative basis in North America.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think in terms of the activity, like our outlook for international, it's still a little bit early to kind of pin it down in detail, right? We are just entering our planning process, and our customers are doing the same thing here. So I would just say that we maintain a positive view in international markets. We see growth in 2013, and I think the rate of growth, I think, is going to be much clearer by year end. But again, we have not seen any major shift in customer sentiments over the past quarter. So unless there's a dramatic change in their view of the market and their spend at the commodity planning cycle, we are optimistic that it's going to be more of the same for next year.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. I think that's correct. Q4 is more or less booked, as you say, largely driven by South Atlantic activity, both West Africa and, for us, Uruguay. So our view hasn't changed. We were indicating that we didn't think that Q4 would see the normal seasonal low, and that's actually transpiring. So going forward, we continue to test pricing for 2013 work. We already awarded some work for the next North Sea season, and the pricing is even up from what we have bid earlier, right? We are now pushing about 15% versus the 10% that we talked about earlier. So overall, we maintain quite positive view on the seismic market.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. So firstly, 2012 CapEx spend is going to be around $4.5 billion, as we said, which is in line with the plan that we previously communicated. The main shift we've seen during this year, going back to what we were planning at the beginning of the year, is that we have significantly reduced NAM CapEx, and this has been offset by higher international CapEx. So as Simon was saying, the 2013 CapEx spend outlook, it's still early days. We are just starting in the planning cycle now. But I would say as a general view, at this stage, I would say CapEx would be likely flat to slightly down. The main drivers or the main focus for us in 2013 is going to be the international market, and it's going to be a traditional high-capital service segments, like WesternGeco, Wireline, Drilling & Measurements and Well Testing. Now while we continue to inject capital into these businesses, we also continued to drive efficiency and utilization for all of them to make sure that we can be as lean as possible with how we spend our cash, right? The other key thing for us next year in terms of CapEx is that we are -- we're also continuing to invest further in infrastructure, in particular in Sub-Sahara Africa and also in the Far East, in particular in China. And the last part as well, as I mentioned, we're looking to further expand our smaller product lines into the international market, and there is some associated CapEx with that. But overall, I would say, at this stage, CapEx is likely to be flat or slightly down.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I wouldn't stretch it further than 2013 in the comments that I made. But I think your commentary around investment into pressure pumping capacity, I think those are fair. We have enough pressure pumping capacity at this stage to go around for a while, right, and, I think, so does the overall market. And you're also right in saying that the volume of international unconventional activity is not likely to sky rocket very -- anytime soon. With that said though, the investment into our high-end service line, such as WesternGeco, Wireline and Drilling & Measurements, in particular, for deepwater and exploration type of activities, there's lot of CapEx that goes with these activities. And the returns, both in the capital and the return on sales, is obviously very good to that. So if the market is there, we will happily invest into those businesses and as long as we get the right returns.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, we have 2 vessels under construction, which will be delivered in 2014, where a significant part of the CapEx associated with those vessels will be taken in 2013. Also, as we continue to ramp up the coverage of IsoMetrix on our seismic vessels, that will also be a significant CapEx spend, right? So the Seismic over the next couple of years will be a significant CapEx spend for us, provided the market continues to head in the direction we see now.
Paal Kibsgaard: Sorry. First of all, I'm not saying we would match the growth rates. I'm just saying that we maintain a positive outlook on the international market, and we see growth in 2013 as well, right? So it is still -- typically, we don't even talk a lot about the coming year and the -- after Q3, we typically leave that to January. But like I said, we are -- we maintain a positive view on next year. I think it's probably better to look at -- so maybe you can switch from activity and revenue to earnings, right? And I would just say that we obviously continue our focus on growing total earnings, and that's through both the top line and margins. And I would say that assuming no major negative change in the global economy and no further setbacks and a second lag down in North America, we are, at this stage, aiming for double-digit EPS growth in '13, right? And that would be a combination of top line growth, as well as margin improvement. So I think it's too early to kind of break it down to look at what the IOCs and the independence and the NOCs are going to spend next year, because we really don't have the data. But we are aiming for double-digit EPS growth in 2013.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, not really, other than that there is a lease round in November in the western Gulf and there is another one, what, in March in the Central Gulf. Typically, the way the fourth quarter goes when it comes to multiclient sales, it's down to the last week of December when we finalized the last major sales, right? So it's difficult to say what it's going to end up on. But I would just say that in North America or in Gulf of Mexico, there is a lot of positive sentiments around the outlook for the Gulf of Mexico. Drilling rigs continue to rise. We will be at pre-Macondo levels by the end of the year. The lease rounds that are announced, I think, is a positive. So we maintain a positive view on the business there, overall. So I would expect there would be a good multiclient sales in Gulf of Mexico in Q4, but it's going to come down to the last week of December.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think we were a bit surprised when we looked at the -- when we saw the recovery in the rig count over the past quarter. We were expecting it to be pretty much in line with last year, right? Now this is a combination of high gas storage levels, as well as weather and structural conditions, right. So like I said before, we're expecting growth again for Q4 and Q1, but the activity levels are going to be well below last year. With that said, I think, overall, Canada they have a lot of resources, both on conventional gas liquids as well as heavy oil. So there will be a lot of activity, I think, in Canada going forward. We have, in my mind, a good setup there, and we will continue to invest into it as the market evolves. Where we probably have more opportunity going forward is in the heavy oil, which I think we are less represented than we are, for instance, in the shales and on the -- in Eastern Canada. But overall, the -- we maintain a positive view on Canada.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. No, we don't see anything largely different than what we would expect in previous years. So there's typically an uptick in fourth quarter sales, both linked to software and, say, hardware completions sales, as well as multiclient. So there's always some variation and uncertainty what happens with respect to those sales. But overall, we expect that to occur again this year.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I haven't looked at the numbers. But I would say that a similar type of uptick as we saw last year is not unreasonable to expect.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. So I think if you split it into quality and efficiency, I would say the quality part, we have worked on now since 2008, 2009, and it's starting to have a meaningful impact in terms of the overall reliability of our services, right? And that's -- you see that, in particular, in a segment like Drilling & Measurements. So that is part of why I believe we are superior when it comes to execution strength from a quality standpoint. Now the other parts that I referred to over the last quarter was more linked to the efficiency side, and this has much more to do with the internal things like asset utilization, transportation, shared services and this type of things. I would say we are much -- in a much earlier stage of capitalizing all those benefits. You always get some lower hanging fruit as you start focusing in on things. But these programs are multiyear, and we will see gradually fruits of them coming forth in the coming years.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. We've been talking about workflow now for a couple of years. So, I find it interesting to see that the broader industry is now taking up the concept and also want to take part in it, right? So the advantages we have is starting off with Reservoir Characterization and our ability to basically establish 3-dimensional models that can predict variation in shale quality, similar to what we can do in conventional reservoirs. Now when you have that capability, you can, firstly, place your wells in the right position aerially. And secondly, when you evaluate the quality of the rock in the horizontal section, you can also complete the parts of the horizontal section which is most likely to actual flow. Today, there's a significant part of the horizontal section that are frac-ed that never actually flows anything, which means that the frac itself was probably a waste. And then the last part also has to do with how you frac these wells. Today, we create a very deep fracture network, and we only are able to prop a small part of it, which means that all the horsepower and the water that you use to create a deeper fracture is also a waste, right? So I would say that we have a very clear view on where the waste in the current process is, and we have technologies and workflows that can help our customers address these. We see a further uptake of these technologies and these workflows in North America. And for the projects that we are involved in internationally, which are more exploration or appraisal focused, we always use these workflows overseas.
Paal Kibsgaard: I -- it's difficult to say. I would say, in the international market, the two markets that I would say would have the most meaningful activity growth in the coming couple of years would be Argentina and China. And it's interesting to see now that YPF seems to be quite eager to pursue the Vaca Muerta shale in Argentina. So there's a fair bit of rig activity moving into the Vaca Muerta. And I think in that sense, we are a lot more optimistic on the activity outlook for Argentina, at this stage, than maybe what we were one quarter ago. And you also seen some of the moves we have been making in China recently, and that's again at the back end of our view that China also will see a good growth in both tight gas and shale gas going forward, right? So to what extent that is going to generate growth versus the penetration in North America? I think it's a bit of a toss-up. But I would say more and more customers in North America are interested in the shale workflow and the associated technologies that we have to go with it.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. When it comes to, generally, how we -- what we will do in the subsea market going forward, that's something that we're still evaluating, right? So I wouldn't provide any specific comments on any plans that we may or may not have in terms of how we address the market going forward. What I wanted to do when I put subsea on the agenda earlier this quarter was just to indicate our view on what the opportunity in subsea is. And a lot of the opportunity evolves around the fact that the recovery rates are, on average, half for subsea developments compared to what conventional topside developments are. And if you look at the capabilities we are -- we have in terms of subsurface understanding, modeling and prediction, the ESPs, the intelligent well completions and Framo, as you rightly point out, we have a lot of the ingredients that can help drive recovery from these type of developments, right? So would we bid directly or independently on processing projects? We would have to look at how big they were and how we potentially could align ourselves with other players that have some of the capabilities and some of the, I would say, technologies that also needs to go into that project, right? But we are undertaking a number of significant projects with Framo already, some of them we highlight in the press releases that we send out every quarter. And I would just say that Framo, as it is today, is one of our fastest-growing product lines, and they are at the cutting edge of technology. So as it is today, we are very pleased with how it’s performing.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. As we started with Mexico, I would say that we have quite a positive activity outlook on Mexico, driven by both land and offshore, and offshore both shallow water and deepwater. The deepwater Gulf of Mexico activity for PEMEX continues, and we have a significant presence on that. There is also continued focus on mature fields in Mexico and a potential for more SPM activity. And there's also now more focus, again, on the shales in the north region as well from the PEMEX side. So I would say that the overall view on Mexico is quite positive for us going into 2013. When it comes to Russia, quite similar, also positive. We expect to see, again, continued growth in Western Siberia, where we have a very strong position through our local presence there, and then you'll have continued exploration activity, for instance, in the Baltic and the Bering Sea. And we also see very solid activity for Sakhalin and the Caspian regions. So you're right to point out Mexico and Russia as positives going into 2013.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. We don't disclose those details on other than -- we have -- if you look at the number of projects that we have won and are in the process of taking on at this stage, we are, I would say, significantly up in terms of overall activity and also, overall, the number of barrels that we actually manage, right? So a lot of the contract wins that we've had have been in Latin America. The Shushufindi project is the -- probably the biggest project that we've ever taken on, and the ramp-up has now been completed. We're operating 5 rigs in this project, and we are pretty much on track for the work program and the -- for the production profile that we laid out to achieve. The other project is in the Carrizo project in Mexico, where, again, we are just in the process of mobilizing now or are more or less finished and we are starting to mobilize for Panuco. So overall, I can't give you the exact number for revenue or for production. But we split SPM out from IPM about a year ago, and we did that to put a lot more focus onto these production incentive contracts because it is a differentiated growth opportunity for us, given the capabilities we have here. And also, the margins for this type of business is highly accretive to the overall margins of the company, and that's why we are continuing to pursue them. Now the overall sales process for this type of project is quite long. There's a lot of due diligence work needed to go in. And I would say that we are not -- we're not accepting every opportunity. If we're not satisfied with certain elements of how these contracts are set up, we will turn them down. And we have turned down contracts, even recently, that we decided were not good enough for us. So this is all about portfolio management and risk management, and we will take our time in terms of how we grow the business. But there's a lot of opportunities out there, and we will continue to pursue them.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. All the SPM projects are performance based. If it's only turnkey drilling or normal contracts, we don't classify them under the SPM product line. So this is where we are typically paid on a fee per barrel. So we will invest the value of our products and services. We will agree a decline curve with our customer. And the production that we will generate through our investments on top of that decline curve, we will get a certain fee per barrel for. And that's, overall, how we are paid. And that's why, generally, this will generate cash for our customers, and there are ways -- this is a way for them to unlock maybe aging assets that is not really a priority for them to spend their cash on. And then that's why this is quite a good business model. Now in terms of how this will be a growth avenue for us going forward, it's still a relatively small part of our business. But again we continue to focus on it, and we will continue to grow it in a -- I would say, in a somewhat conservative way.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, the -- if you look at the 2 latest that we have introduced, is the Dielectric Scanner and Litho Scanner, is all part of the scanner family. So the Dielectric Scanner is focused in on formation evaluation in carbonates and heavy oils and mixed salinity. So these are special type of measurements with relatively broad applications, as you see, right? And the Litho Scanner is, again, a formation evaluation measurement linked to shale, which gives you shale composition and also total organic content, right? So what we are trying to do on the formation evaluation side in Wireline, at this stage, is to focus in on these, I would say, complex reservoirs or unconventional reservoirs in terms of formation evaluation, both in terms of fluid determination as well as the composition of the rock. So those are the 2, I would say, latest and 2 main introductions that we've done recently.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. I think if the overall North America land rig count was to drop by 10%, I think I would be concerned about the ability to hold pricing on the other services on land, that being Drilling or Wireline, right? Like I said, we're already seeing some early signs of weakness in coiled tubing. Whether that is going to continue or it's more of a Q3-Q4 effect, which will bounce back next year, it's too early to say. But it's really the first product line that we have seen pressuring so far. The other ones are holding. But you're right to point out that if the rig count was to go down, overall, further, then I think there might start to be pressure on the others. We haven't seen anything yet, but that is something that I would probably worry about.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. So the -- what's happened in the China market recently is that there's a lot of drive, I think, from the government to develop the unconventionals, both the tight gas as well as the shale gas. They're importing LNG at very high prices, and they have a significant unconventional gas resource in the country, which they are very keen to develop. So tight gas remains the main focus of the 3 main Chinese national oil companies. But shale gas, the government has classified not as hydrocarbon but as a mineral. And when it's classified as a mineral, the -- it is basically open for any other company to bid for licenses and actually go ahead and do work. So there's a lot of interest from other type of companies, whether it's utility, coal companies or just private equity companies, to come in and take licenses in shale and to start developing them. Now a very few of these have any capabilities when it comes to reservoir evaluation or actual well-side execution when it comes to these things. They don't have their own service companies, which the 3 main Chinese companies have. So that's the opportunity for us to have significantly more penetration of the shale market in China as it evolves going forward. And this is, again, why we have made some of these moves in terms of joint ventures. So the joint venture with Chongqing is linked at the reservoir evaluation standpoint, while the joint venture we signed this quarter with Anton Oil is more focused on IPM activities around well construction and frac-ing of these shale gas wells. So there's a reservoir aspect to it, and there is the full portfolio of drilling and production-related activities that goes with it as well.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think it's actually both. In the past, we've had limited penetration because the state oil companies have their own service arms. We do some of the high-end activities for them. We help them out with certain things. But there's a lot more opportunity in the shale now for these other players to do a much more significant part of the work, so I think that's where the opportunity lies.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. I would say that, just in general, the -- we maintain a positive view on Brazil. There has been delays in terms of rig startups, rig arrivals during this year and also when Petrobras turned some of the -- their deepwater capacity towards production. That obviously impacts our drilling rate and product lines as well, right? But they are putting priority on, like you say, stemming the decline and getting production back up again, so that makes sense. And we will work with them in whatever capacity we need to, to help them out with that. But overall, Brazil is going to show good growth going forward. There are probably going to be some bumps along the way, but we are there. We have a very strong presence. We have a very good relationship with Petrobras, and we'll work with them the way they want us to.
