Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you, Stephane. So I believe that we are ready to turn the call to you for the questions. Thank you.
Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you, James. Let me explain why we have increased confidence. And I think some part of the answer on this question is in the quality of the results we have delivered in 2021 as a foundation. And next, I believe that the current market conditions are clearly supporting our thesis for double-digit CAGR growth over a few years. So with this backdrop, I think we have, we believe, three or four factors that will help us continue to guide upwards our margin expansion. Firstly, we set a foundation. The foundation we have put in place in the last 18 months, the operating leverage reset, the integration performance execution, and the portfolio high-grading are here to stay. And this was already very visibly impacting the service-oriented divisions of Well Construction and Reservoir Performance, as you have seen throughout the year and particularly the second half of last year. And we saw we obviously have this surpassed already with the 2018 margin performance. Secondly, I think the market mix is set to improve and resonate to our profit of strength. An increased offshore activity mix has already started to happen, and we expect this to only accelerate as the year unfolds and further into 2022. The adoption of technology also is accelerating, as you have seen, including digital, but our fit-for-basin, our Transition Technologies and all the technologies that extract performance for our operations are making an impact today, and are getting further adoption by a customer and giving us a premium. And finally, pricing. Where a year ago, we were talking about green shoot pricing in North America, today we are seeing and we are already recording some of pricing improvements in a broad market condition, both in North America and also internationally, when we are getting awarded new contracts as well as when we have to mobilize and deliver unique technology to our customer. So, as the year develops, we believe that these attributes ‑‑ our foundation, operating leverage, our performance that differentiate our execution give us a premium. Our market mix, our technology adoption, success with customers and finally pricing, giving a tailwind to this will drive and further expand our margin to the 2025 ‑‑ the 25% margin expansion. So it's not about if, but it's about when. And we have gained confidence and we have moved forward our confidence in this into the 2022.
Olivier Le Peuch: Maybe in one word, the market will be ‑‑ growth will be very broad across all geographies, across all divisions. First, as a backdrop, I think that's what we are realizing and that's quite unique. But I think you have to characterize it first geographically or very high level. I think it's possibly a tale of two halves, with North America leading the uptick of growth. Activity growth in the first half; international further accelerating in the second half. While we did end on the H2 ‑‑ over H2 of 12%. We expect this to be the base in the first half and accelerate further in the second half internationally, so that we are even accelerating into 2023 for international activity. Secondly, I believe that if we have to characterize what will lead and be accretive to growth. I would say America’s land, because of activity uptick, but I will also put offshore environment and Middle East. These are the three engines of growth that will pull this year’s growth to the target ambition we have put up mid-teens. So now, per division, I think the service-oriented divisions of Reservoir Performance and Well Construction will be accretive to this we expect, followed by ‑‑ because they are benefiting from this social environment, they're benefiting from the pricing, and they have strong both NAM and international presence. So they’re benefiting from long-cycle exposure and technology mix favorable. In addition, Production Systems will also see growth, building on the short-cycle exposure to North America and the backlog of contracts that we have won in the last few quarters that will execute towards 2022. Finally on Digital & Integration, it's a two-phase of a division here. We expect the digital to be accretive to our growth, while it will be visibly moderated by a flattish environment for APS production, going forward. So that gives you the mix across the divisions and across the geographies.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. I think, Dave, it's part of the mix of execution that we have. And I think we always mobilize for new projects somewhere in the world. And we are committing to international growth and margin expansion this year. The last quarter was already having a witness of significant new project starts, yet we have marginally improved our margins last quarter, and we have seen the results of the core division. So we did it already. So I think as we accelerate deployments, yes, we are very critically assessing the cost of this start-up. We are working for customers to minimize. We are using our digital operations to remote and optimize our deployment of resources. And we believe that what we have done in the last quarter, we'll continue to do in 2022. So I think directionally, we are still set to improve our margin internationally in 2022, despite ‑‑ and building on this new project ‑‑ so we are very keen to start off this new project. We are very proud of the different contract awards that we won last year. And I think this is part of the mix that we're executing. And the more we ‑‑ the more activity and the more growth ‑‑ we will respond and continue to use efficiency and leverage our operating practice to minimize impact and engage with customers to get full recognition of our investment.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. Let me give you a little bit of color into this. So first, I think if I have to characterize the uptick we've seen in digital sales at the end of the year is not a pure year-end sales effect on one or two large contracts and one or two applications and software sales. It's broad. It's very diverse. It's touch and expand upon the platform strategy that developed different revenue streams. So it's about new DELFI-cloud customers, and you have seen we have announced our progress one more time in last quarter. It's about new revenue monetization in digital operations, including Agora, including drilling, remote operations, and automation. It's about new data business streams where we have been securing contracts for OSDU foundation, where we are the first to commercialize enterprise data management solutions on this OSDU. And it's the follow-through on the enterprise contract that we have won in 2021 or in 2020 on DELFI adoption. So it's significant. It relates to the progress we have made in our platform. It relates to the acceleration of digital adoption by our customer and digital ‑‑ this pursuit of digital transformation by customers. And it translates into an uptick in each and every one of the digital revenue streams we have created and the success from data to workflow and to operations. So it's diverse, it's broad, and it's multifaceted. So it's here to continue to expand. So I'm positive on this because it's not a one-off. Obviously, there is a year-end sales effect there that we're not ‑‑ that would not repeat in the first quarter. But at the same time, something that I see expanding as a platform going forward. And we are in the early innings of this adoption. As we mentioned a quarter ago, we have 1,700 digital customers. And we are in the early innings of deploying and pursuing this large installed base with digital transformation. So it was the first cycle of this digital expansion and digital adoption. Actually, this would continue in 2022 and accelerate beyond.
Olivier Le Peuch: Great question. I think the fundamentals, as we see them, have not changed. And actually, some characteristics of the cycle have accelerated ‑‑ have been accentuated in recent months. So the attribute that we put first is the outlook of economic GDP growth that considering the oil intensity and energy intensity will fill and will drive the oil demand as a key attribute beyond the previous peak, no later than at the end of this year, according to the latest projection, and is set to expand visibly beyond not only in 2023, but a few years beyond this. So the first is the macro demand situation is set to be favorable for the next few years. Secondly, I think the supply-demand imbalance and the supply, I would almost call it tardiness that we are facing is pointing not only to an uplift in the commodity price, but also is pointing to investment ‑‑ return to investment across the broad portfolio of our customers. So you have seen it in North America, no surprise. North America is still and will remain structurally smaller than previous cycles due to the capital discipline, but also due to the crunch of supply, including on the services side. Secondly, I think the international underinvestment for the last few years ‑‑ actually, the last down cycle ‑‑ combined with the dip in the last two years is creating conditions for a necessary injection of short-cycle capital and then long cycle capital investment to respond to the supply. So we are seeing growth in North America, albeit a cut, we are seeing a rebound ‑‑ a visible rebound in short and long cycle investments internationally. And I will insist on the long cycle because I believe that both oil capacity is being looked upon by some OPEC members to secure future supply market share, but also the international and majors are investing into their advantage offshore basins and we are seeing not only infill drilling, but we are seeing FID for offshore that are accelerating going forward. So it's a mix of offshore rebound, solid including deepwater, international short cycle, and oil capacity in land, and finally, solid growth in North America. So these are unique conditions that are tightening the capacity and that are creating the underlying pricing improvement conditions.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think what we have seen and we are already witnessing today, I think ‑‑ and it's visible in Middle East, but beyond is the short cycle ‑‑ the return of short-cycle activity to assure, as you said, the maintenance of production and with a small but visible increment of output supply. What we are seeing is also a commitment and some FID in the pipeline to increase oil capacity, sustain oil capacity for ‑‑ with a few countries committing to participate fully and are laying out the foundation this year and next year into expanding the supply. But what we should not forget about ‑‑ and is part true for Middle East ‑‑ is there's also a gas market that is being very sustained, that has seen reinvestments. And it's part of the regional dynamic and that is already seeing ‑‑ is continuing to see double-digit growth. So I think it's a combination of gas market being sustained and having had less setback than oil in the recent time. Short-cycle expansion and long-cycle acceleration with new FID capacity, and this is true from deepwater Brazil to the future investment in ‑‑ and the current and future investment in Middle East or FIDs that are in the pipeline in Russia. So that's, again, very broad and that combined short and long cycle. And if you were to project, I think 2022 is a supply-led activity rebound and 2023 will be a demand-led activity growth. And the capacity expansion, the long cycle will further further contribute going forward well into 2023.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. As we exit ‑‑ it's an exit rate. We made a comparison 200 bps or higher as we exit 2022 when compared to the second half or Q4 of 2021...
Olivier Le Peuch: I think, again, as I commented in a previous question, I think operating leverage will continue to give us a fall-through as we continue to leverage the structure change we have done and digital operation in particular. The mix will be ‑‑ with long cycle and offshore ‑‑ will continue to be digital part of the technology adoption across the different basins will participate in the mix further. And finally, pricing will expand. So I think this is the combination that gives us more confidence that we reached this midcycle prior to previous anticipation.
Olivier Le Peuch: But we'll keep the capital intensity of our business going forward in check. I think the capital stewardship part of our returns-focused strategy is clearly giving us a little bit of a new dynamic and a new mindset in our commercial and contractual engagement with customers. And we have the whole organization focused on effectively and efficiently using the CapEx ‑‑ the equipment pool that we have to deploy to the most accretive contracts and the most accretive engagements we have. So we'll continue to use this discipline to make sure that we keep in check broadly the capital intensity in this cycle.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think it's broad-based. But let me maybe underline what, where, and how we see pricing conditions getting developed, I think, and we see it in three ways. First, we believe that pricing conditions and commercial terms are linked to performance. So performance and execution, our performance contracts are differentiated and the impact we provide to customers gives us the opportunity to negotiate favorable commercial terms and keep or expand our market position with key customers. So I think this has started and this is, depending on the region, something that impacts our service divisions, I would say: our Reservoir Performance and Well Construction particularly. The second one is linked to, I think, capacity ‑‑ and I think capacity on unique technology, capacity on equipment that is tight, be it for offshore deployments or be it for high-volume intensity basins like North America. So this we have seen when the conditions are set, and we are getting an opportunity to expand from in green shoots to broad pricing improvement conditions. So this we have seen happening for the last year in North America, and we see this starting to happen in offshore deployment where unique equipment have to be mobilized, have to be secured, and they are done at pricing conditions that have improved over the last few months. Finally, inflation. Inflation is something that exists. It's related to market conditions. Inflation is something that we always deal with. And today, we are seeing more into the OECD and North America, but we are dealing with inflation every day in every geounit, as we call it, over the years, and we know how to manage it to engage with customers. It's more acute and it's more pronounced [in some parts of some basins], and we're responding to it with engagement of our customers and using the contract terms we have to offset the inflation pressures we are getting. So it's all about performance, including our technology. It's all about capacity tightening and it's about responding to the inflation pressure. So these three things are the lever we are using and that are starting to be more broad each of them across the different basins. Hence, it's progressive, and it's touching and addressing different basins and all divisions throughout 2022 and further into '23.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think first, as you mentioned, inflation is nothing new and had happened last year. And I think the performance of our supply organization, the way we are dealing with it, I think, has helped us to mitigate and shift to the right, if I may, some of these. And secondly, I think we have been able to engage commercially to offset and create net pricing condition. So I think we see this happening forward. And when it comes to resource versus equipment, I think resource is always a hot topic in our organization. But I think we'll respond to this by further improving and accelerating our digital operation adoption so that we offset some of the pressure on our resources as much as we can and can offset this pressure as well. So I think it's part of a toolbox that we use and that we'll continue to tune as the cycle unfolds.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think it's a valid question. But I think if you were to notice some of the highlights that we have released in the fourth quarter, we had a rebound of E&A data exploration sales as part of the ‑‑ so the E&A is albeit very compressed compared to the peak of the last cycle. I think it's seeing a resurgence for two reasons. First, customers are trying to assess and reassess their reserves near around their hubs, be it on the land that they own, or be it on the key offshore hubs that they have developed to make sure they can fast track infill drilling and develop near-field exploration. So we see a lot of infrastructure-led exploration, not necessarily large greenfield, new, and we don't expect this to be the trend going forward. But we see that exploration is much more surgical exploration, if I may use that word, to be near-field backyard exploration, as we call it, around near infrastructure so that the operator particularly offshore gets to accelerate the return on the existing infrastructure and get fast track, fast short-cycle return on existing offshore. So we see that in Latin America, we see that in Gulf of Mexico and Europe, in West Africa, this is very broad. So we are benefiting from it, in our Reservoir Performance, we're benefiting from it in some of the key technology that we provide, including in digital. So I think, while it has been a step down compared to previous cycles, there is a keen interest and investment resurgence in E&A for this reason. And I think we'll see that as a backup of FID and it's true particularly offshore.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, internal, I think we are very pleased with the progress of the deploying and continuing to build the digital foundation and digital platform foundation that support our strategy. Now, every customer has their own pace of adoption, their own intel in digital infrastructure they choose to deploy in which we need to plug. So our choice two years ago to go with an open data ecosystem foundation, the choice we have made to go in partnership with different cloud providers, different industry partners to expand our market reach has unlocked some of these customers to come and join us in our digital journey with our platform. So we continue to work on it. The last two years could have been a better and larger adoption, possibly. But I think we have the foundation in place. We are in the early innings, as I said, of full adoption, considering the size, the oversized scale of our customer base. So I remain confident that this is just the first step, and this will only accelerate. So we have the right foundation ‑‑ digital is here to stay. Digital transformation is here to accelerate across the industry. And I think we are taking it one customer at a time, and this is what is happening. So we are positive.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. Good question. I think, first, I think the North America outlook we are providing is inclusive of offshore and onshore, and onshore inclusive of U.S. and Canada. So I think it's a mix that is a bit not difficult, but it's a lot of variables at play to decipher here. But to your specific question, we foresee indeed that the U.S. land, which is a big portion of this activity outlook, will be having a bias towards Well Construction as the market is rotating from depleting the DUCs to replenishing the DUCs. Hence, Well Construction rig-based activity will be the lead in a 20% plus. And I think we are set to respond to this with a Well Construction portfolio in that environment, and this will be very favorable to us. And the offshore environment is broad. And I think offshore environment will be execution of Well Construction and also Reservoir Performance. And so, when you put all these and you put a more modest and more moderate Canada environment, you have a mix that is favorable to our Well Construction and production system in U.S. lands and favorable to our Reservoir Performance and Well Construction in offshore environments, all of which combine to give us this ambition about 20%.
Olivier Le Peuch: So I believe we need to close the call. So before we close the call, I would like to leave you with a few takeaways. Firstly, the quality of our results during the fourth quarter, particularly the cash flow generation and our digital sales, have helped us close a remarkable year with financial outperformance during 2021, supporting significant EBITDA margin expansion and very sizeable reduction of our net debt. Credit to the entire Schlumberger team for outstanding execution across all basins and divisions. Secondly, our performance strategy execution has resulted in significant progress in the adoption of our digital platform, the deployment of our fit-for-basin and Transition Technologies, and the successful acceleration of our new energy ventures, each developing towards a sizeable addressable market. Thirdly, during 2021, we had enhanced our market positions with key customers, ahead of the significant upcycle, and we will fully benefit from the scale and breadth of the favorable activity mix unfolding across all basins during ‘22 and beyond. This will result in significant growth and further margin expansion and will support our double-digit free cash flow ambition. Finally, the macro environment is increasingly supportive of a potential supercycle. As these favorable market conditions extend both onshore and offshore, well beyond 2022, we have increased confidence in reaching our midcycle EBITDA margin ambition of 25% in the second half of 2023. Ladies and gentlemen, 2021 was a defining and transformative year for Schlumberger, and 2022 presents a unique environment to substantially build upon our success and accelerate our growth into the future. Thank you very much.
Stephane Biguet: Chase, it's Stephane. Look, I like your expression on free cash flow. It was indeed quite strong last year with $3 billion. Now indeed, we visibly accelerated the deleveraging of our balance sheet ‑‑ but we are not quite there yet at the leverage ratio we committed to. So we have a clear line of sight now to achieving the target leverage we announced earlier, even though there's still some uncertainty remaining at the start of the year. Nevertheless, with the market fundamentals consolidating, particularly in the second half of the year and into 2023, we have even more confidence indeed now in generating significant excess cash this year and beyond. So we will be able to maintain quite a healthy balance sheet, and it will give us the flexibility to increase returns to shareholders as well as fund new growth opportunities. So we will certainly provide a comprehensive framework for future capital allocation as part of the Capital Market Day that we announced earlier. Returns to shareholders are obviously important, and increased dividends and buybacks will definitely be part of this equation. As it relates to M&A, sorry, I didn't answer on M&A. It's also part of what we will ‑‑ it's, of course, part of the toolbox, and you'll get more details when we give you that more comprehensive framework again.
Stephane Biguet: So look, Scott, indeed, our capital intensity has reduced quite a bit and quickly just because we high-graded our portfolio, we extracted more operational efficiencies and we had our capital stewardship program as well. But where we deploy assets only to the best-return countries and contracts. So now, for 2022, we are looking at spending total capital investment, including APS, between $1.9 and $2 billion. That's just a relatively small increase compared to 2021. As to the ‑‑ can we keep this into the future? It's a bit too soon to say. But we definitely, whatever increment we make, it's geared towards technology. It will be on the most accretive contracts. We want that incremental technology investment to be priced appropriately. And for that matter, we already have a strong pipeline of contracts that allowed us to do that at favorable commercial conditions. So we'll see how the year progresses. But for the moment, we are quite confident that the envelope we gave you allows us to fully seize the growth in 2022 and prepare for 2023. We will see how we set the envelope in 2023. It cannot be a huge increase for sure.
Stephane Biguet: So, look, we don't disclose the split of the guidance. There is a small increase in APS investment, but it's matched with increased cash flow. As you know, the way we look at APS investment is really based on the cash flow of the individual projects. And as an aside, we are generating very good cash flow within our APS projects. So overall, as Olivier mentioned, the business of APS, because it's just a handful of projects, is going to be pretty flat this year. And the investment level is definitely not going to increase in future years.
Stephane Biguet: Thank you, Neil. So working capital, indeed, was significantly lower in the second half, especially in Q4. And again, this was a very strong customer collections and customer advances. So looking at 2022, we expect the same pattern, very seasonality in working capital. Usually, it increases in the first quarter. We have payments of annual incentives to employees, and then gradually, it improves in the subsequent quarters, mostly on cash collection. So we'll see the same in 2022, where we'll likely be at higher levels in general working capital consumption as activity accelerates, particularly considering the exit rates we are looking at, but we'll strive to maintain this to a minimum. And in any case, we still want to generate double-digit free cash flow margins, and that's inclusive of any working capital movement, so that helps us managing with this boundary. As to Liberty, yes, we are quite happy with our equity stake, has actually improved quite a bit since the transaction was announced. We did decide to monetize part of it ‑‑ to start monetizing part of the investment, following the expiration of the lockup period. We still hold a significant share of the equity, as I highlighted: about 31% after the transaction. So we'll continue to monitor the value of the investment going forward, and we'll decide on further monetization based on market conditions.
Stephane Biguet: So we have received several offers for APS asset in Canada as part of the process we launched last year. So while we were assessing those proposals, the market conditions actually continued to improve and the value of the asset increased as a result. So we actually took the decision that the offers we had received were no longer reflective of the economic value and the cash flow potential of the asset. So we are not entertaining those offers at the moment. The asset is now generating very strong cash flows, but we remain open to all options.
