Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I think we are seeing a growing interest in this. It varies a little bit amongst the different customer groups. But I would say overall, there is a growing trend of a desire to collaborate closer and also to implement more commercially aligned business models, which I alluded to in my prepared remarks. This goes all the way from the basic models linked to either time of production for a well, all the way up to fulfill management around the SPM concept. 
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes we cited a few of these examples in the press release. So we are seeing -- we are seeing signs of that taking place in North America land as well, but I would say on a percentage basis is obviously a lot lower returns than what we have internationally, but it’s still encouraging to see stronger collaboration, both on the drilling side linked to drilling more complex wells at the super laterals. As well as on the production and completion side around how we optimize completions using information evaluation and a bit more sophisticated approach to fracing. So we are seeing it happening, but still in fairness it's a fairly small part of the business volume, but these technology opportunities both in the drilling side and on the completion side is really why we are in this market. We're not in it for the commodity side of it. We believe that ultimately technology will play an even larger role in the North America land markets and we continue to promote these capabilities and this part of our offering because we ultimately believe it's going to bring a lot more value for our customers.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, for SPM we are seeing I would say a significantly growing interest across all customer groups. So far in terms of the discussions that are most advanced I would say are generally with the -- with the NOCs and the independence and even start-up companies, but we have -- we've had -- we have had discussions with IOCs on this contract model as well. But in terms of the opportunity set it is, it is growing and it's very significant. And as I quoted in my prepared remarks, we are today engaged in various stages of discussions in 20 countries around the world covering all the four operating areas. So while this used to be -- this model used to be contained to a handful of countries, we today see a rapid expansion of the interest and we have obviously staffed up significantly in our SPM product line to make sure that we can pursue all these opportunities, turn them into projects and subsequently execute the projects in line with our plans, but it's a significant growth opportunity and something that we are actively pursuing in all four operating areas.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, the whole discussion around pricing, first of all is going to take a little bit of time. We indicated in July that we are firmly putting this on the agenda and we have done so in the third quarter. We've had engagement and discussions with most customers around the world. I think there is -- there is a general acceptance from the customer base that ultimately prices are going to have to come up. Not a lot of movement as we expected in the third quarter, but I would say, given the increase we've seen in oil prices over the past month or so and the potential trajectory, we could see going forward, I think there is much stronger basis for having these discussions at this stage. And then we will discussions individually with our customers depending on the contract, the model and the contract situation we have with them. It could be at some states that some of these contracts will be -- will be rebid and if that's so, then we will obviously participate in that. But I think in many cases there is room to negotiate within the existing contract framework to come into I would say mutually agreeable solution, which will be acceptable both for us and for our customers.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, what we're mobilizing are drilling tools, which isn't excessively expensive right. So we do that and we also will take some for manufacturing and this is all manufactured in the -- or partly manufactured in the U.S. as well. So in terms of the reason for mobilizing more equipment into the drilling side is clearly that we have a clear path towards profitability. So given the unique technology offering we have and the technical challenges of drilling these very, very long horizontals we are able to get pricing which is going to give us I think ultimately the returns that we're looking for. And this is why we are prepared to put more capacity into play on the drilling side or what's going on in West Texas. As I said on the fracturing side, still there is no clear path towards profitability and this is why we are still maintaining presence and basically holding the fort until we believe we can justify putting more capacity into play going forward.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, as I was trying to cover in the fairly detailed description I gave of the international markets, we believe that there is early signs of recovery in most places around the world. If you look at next year for international, we expect solid growth year-over-year in the Middle East and Russia on a full year basis. But we also see, I would say an uptick in investment and activity in Latin America and in Europe, Africa. The only place where we don't see any signs of recovery at this stage is in Asia. But I would say the uptick in Latin America and Europe, Africa, is more going to be from current Q3 activity levels. It might not be a significant increase on a full-year basis, but I think we have reached bottom in both of those regions, which would warrant higher activity. So I'm not contradicting what the IOCs are saying and we welcome obviously more activity and higher investments from them. It's just that the main very clear investment increases we are seeing are still going to be in Russia and the Middle East, but our early signs of things picking up from bottom also in the rest of the world excluding Asia.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well if you look in our contract structure today, I would say the lion's share of this is basically a fee per barrel, which is obviously the project has a link to the oil price, but our compensation is generally linked to the incremental production times of 60 per barrel. Now at this stage at the bottom of the cycle, we are in some cases considering a share production times the oil price rather than the fee per barrel the times the entire incremental production. But as based on individual projects, but I would say the portfolio as it stands today is generally fee per barrel not directly exposed oil price, but we are considering some of the -- in some of the cases today to take a bit more oil price risk. If we can make the project work at current oil prices, we are fairly comfortable opening up and balancing the portfolio a bit with a bit more oil price risk.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think it is too early to say. I would say as a starting point, I would say probably not maybe, maybe somewhat in line, but I think it's going to depend on the opportunities that we have in front of us. Obviously there is a broad range of discussions. I think for the right opportunities I'm prepared to invest more into it, but I think we will have to do that on a case by case basis.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, it's a bit early to say. We're still in Q3. The absolute E&P investment numbers for next year, I think it's still early to comment on absolute numbers.
Paal Kibsgaard: I can give you some direction and I think in terms of revenue, see the trends going and what the absolute number is going to be, is going to be more a function of how the numeric of these trends play out, but we do expect on a full year basis, solid year-over-year growth in North America land, Russia and the Middle East. These are fairly predictable plans that we have in place.  We also expect to see modest growth from the current levels, not necessarily on a full-year basis, but from current levels in Europe, Africa and Latin America and the reason for this is that there are many significant oil producing countries in these two regions, which have a record low investment levels at this stage and we see signs that at least we're going to come off the bottom here. Whether that's going to translate into year-over-year growth, it's too early to say, but at least an increase from where we are today. And really the only place where we don't see any of these recovery signs as of yet is in Asia. So, all depending on what the various numbers on these three main trends pan out to be. There is a chance that revenue could be up. Obviously, that's what we are hoping for and that's what we're going to work towards and obviously market share and some of the other things that we are working on specifically are on the land rig introduction, around SPM and some of the early production facility work that we do. We have opportunities I would say to come in with higher revenue in 2017, but I'm not going to commit to this as of yet. I think we need to work out the details of the plans over the coming two, three months and we can give you a further update in January.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well so I would say that generally we are on track with the -- with both the engineering and the manufacturing of the rig of the future. So these two rigs are I would call them pilot versions. They don’t have all the features of the rig of the future, but they have a significant part of it and we are also going to be operating them around the overall software platform of how we want to do rig of the future going forward. So, they are manufactured in the U.S. and that's why we would like to basically put them out in operation close to home at this stage to make sure that we can get all the support and all the feedback from their operational performance and feed out into both the engineering and manufacturing work that is going on for the I would say the complete version of the rig, which is going to be rolled out and a number of them in 2017, that's already in the plans for them both the CapEx and the manufacturing for next year.
Paal Kibsgaard: So, I don’t think there is yet a big turnaround I would say in the exploration market or in the seismic market. But I think we have positioned ourselves very well in both of those markets. Whatever work there is I think we are able to generally pick up on the exploration side and I think on seismic, as I again said in July, the performance of WesternGeco in a very, very tough market is quite commendable. We do quite well on both marine and land and we have been quite opportunistic on the multi-client side to make a significant investment in several basins around the world in particular Mexico, but also Gulf of Mexico and the U.S. part as well as overseas and obviously at this stage, we are able to generate revenue and profits from these investments, which you see very clearly in our results. So there is no I would say significant market turnaround, but I think it's a strong performance from the exploration related businesses that we have, including seismic and also within the testing services product line, which fits in reservoir characterization, we have won a series of early production facility projects where we have combined the capabilities that we had within the testing services prior with the processing capabilities that Cameron had. And this is again really strengthening the offering we have in this market and we see that also as a significant growth opportunity within characterization.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I would say in international market we have, I would say actively pursued market share for the past for the past, I would say 12 to 18 months, I think with reasonable success. I think if you look at Characterization Drilling & Production combined, takeaway Cameron, we have pretty solid revenue evolution in all three international operating areas in the third quarter. And I’m quite pleased to see the progress we have made there. Whenever you start aiming to increase your tend to win rate which we now have been focusing on for a good 18 months or so, it takes a bit of time before that translates into actual revenue, but you're starting to see some impact of that.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yeah I think, I share your view of the potential of the market. And I also think we are pretty much close to the bottom of it right. We have had -- we’ve seen a significant reduction in PEMEX activity over the past couple of years. And while this whole, industry reform has been taking place that reduction has not been I would say compensated by additional investments from the emerging international players. But as these bid rounds for acreage now has progressed and with the deepwater around coming up, the first deepwater coming up now in December, we see drilling activity picking up in 2017. Again, it might not be a dramatic comeback and we won’t be back to, I would say 2013 levels or 2014 levels anytime soon. But I think there is a momentum shift coming in Mexico. It is partly linked to the seismic work that we're doing and the related exploration activity with that, but I think also activity linked to the previous rounds that we've seen both in shallow water and on land as well as the basic PEMEX activity should pick up in 2017.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, so first of all, when you're in a cyclical business, you will have to be pragmatic when you are near or at bottom of the cycle. So, which we are and we are basically maintaining our presence, pretty much everywhere in the world at this stage even at bottom and even though we have a number of contracts, which at this stage does not our meet our medium to long-term return criteria. But what we are saying though is that as we now are starting to come off bottom as oil prices are starting to move upwards, then we will need to have these discussions with the customers, where we have these type of contracts and try to find a way where we can get pricing and terms and conditions and a work scope that will enable us to meet those financial return criteria at the same time, as our customers can also meet theirs. So I think these are the discussions that now are taking place. This won't be resolved over night, but we are very clear on the fact that if we have to deploy capacity investments and expertise, there has to be return in it and at the bottom, we are willing to compromise. But as we come off bottom, we need to basically restore the return expectations that we have as a company and as our shareholders have in order to drive the business forward.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, let me -- it’s a good question and it's a market that's in a state of change right now, but let me just talk about deepwater in general. It's continued to be challenged and in this quarter we saw five additional rigs get stacked. They are in Q3 and deepwater rig utilization dropped to 55% in the month of September. So you expect 2016 deepwater drilling activity as a whole to be down 33%. And when you think about that for OneSubsea and Project as we go forward we think this year tree award is significantly under a 100 and when we look at our project list, we're tracking between anywhere between five and eight awards that could happened in 2017 and those would be the larger style awards that we've seen traditionally. But our focus really now has shifted to the tieback market and we do see a lot of opportunities on that. I mentioned our eight paid studies with Subsea 7 where we're doing a lot of work on the tieback side and what we think there is that, with a standardized Subsea Tree, which is a at a significantly reduced cost a single well boosting system, which we're the only ones right now that have that single well boosting system. Combined that now with our Unified Control System and the installation from Subsea 7, we think we've got a very economical package to tie back one and two wells in the existing host facility. So we had a lot of discussions around that and we really it's almost creating a market right now and so we hope that we can give some more excitement and more awards around that as we transition into '17 and then as these big projects kind of progress and move forward, we're offsetting that with this expanded tieback market.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, so I think, based on what we are focusing on from the transformation standpoint, we still have a long runway to go in terms of driving asset utilization for the existing asset base and also what we have going in our engineering programs as well to also engineer and manufacture less expensive assets is also a key part of it. So both utilization and the cost per asset, I think should lead to a light or capital intensity of our business going forward. I think you've seen the signs of it in the past two, three years and we are going to continue to work very hard on further improving on that. 
