Olivier Le Peuch: Well, thank you, James. So, I think as we commented before, I think, we are not ready to disclose the detail of our revenue and margin contribution, net contribution from the digital business. Suffice to say that I think it has been accretive from the growth. It has been - the segment of our business that has been declining the least in the last quarter. It has been the one that has seen the most expansion of margin as well during the quarter. So, I think it is material to our business. Our ambition remains the same. We want to double this business in the midterm, double its size. And I think we will use for that two avenue - three avenues, the avenues of subsurface digital platform, where we are doing this transition to cloud-based DELFI solution with our customers, and I think we are already seeing a lot of traction into that space. And I think this will give us new revenue stream of IT infrastructure cloud operation in addition to transformation services for every customer that we transition. Secondly, we want to open a new business around data, and be it on the analytics or be it on the subsurface or operational data that we start to offer our platform for data exchange or for trading those data. So, we have introduced GAIA as a platform, and I think we are seeing success through national data rooms, as you have seen in Egypt, and other place in the world. So, I think that's a second new revenue stream that we are developing. And finally, digital operation. I think you have seen recent announcement of the partnership we have with - we have developed with Exxon, and you are about to hear more in the future. We'll continue to lead in this drilling operation as well as production operation with Sensia, our partner, our JV. And I think these are the three revenue streams that we are developing compared to one we had before. So, this will give us the opportunity to expand in multiple facets and not only into the license for subsurface application.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think, no doubt, I think with this growth and accretive margin, it would be higher. I think using the benefits - the benefits from digital will also benefit our customer. That's the reason why we are seeing this adoption, because they realize that they extract efficiency, they transform their own operational workflow, and as such, reduce the total cost of the - in the life cycle of the operation. So, we will benefit, they will benefit. We believe, we have the edge. We are ahead of our competitors. And we own the platform that the industry is adopting. So that will give us sustainable differentiation.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, Sean. And I think you have to realize that the - compared to the last cycle, I think things have changed. And first and foremost, I think the margins have been reset for the whole industry. The pricing concession have been steep, and we have not recovered from this pricing from the last cycle. So I think first, there is not much that we can give and share. And I think the approach that we are taking with our customers, actually engage collaboratively across the full life cycle of their operation and eliminate waste and focus on engaging to reduce cost of service delivery jointly. And I think we are seeing success in this approach. We are being awarded an expanded scope when we succeed into eliminating costs and eliminating waste across the value chain. So, you will see more of this approach and less of a pricing because the industry doesn't have much to give. And I think our customer realize this. And I think we are working more collaboratively than we had in the last five years on this. And I believe that the margins expansion that we are realizing or the resilience of the margin we are realizing today will be something that we'll be able to keep and build upon as the recovery will start to happen.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think, the lesson learned from this, I think, is the industry has learned to be capital disciplined. And I think we have learned, all of us. And I think, we have suffered from some of the steps we took as an industry. And I think, the capital discipline that I have seen and that we are using today, I think is very prominent in many place. And I think we have been having a very strict capital stewardship program, where we make a clear choice on the, I would say, allocating capital where we see returns. And as such, we are grading the opportunity that comes our way. And I believe some of our competitors are applying the same approach as the return are not acceptable the way they were and the way they have been at the trough. So I think the capital discipline is something that has changed. And I think expect that the capital discipline will be an element of success in the future. Now this being said, very large tender, very large scope that have a runway for multi-years will be competitive. But I think we'll demonstrate we have the most competitive cost platform to operate those large contracts and we'll be able to retain margins in those conditions.
Olivier Le Peuch: Let me - Angie, let me offer some very qualitative comments, and I will let Stephane add if he believe that we need to add. So first, I don't think we are in a position where we would like to give quantitative guidance on these. I think considering the level of uncertainty in the mix that could, as we have seen in the second quarter, have changed dramatically partly internationally. I don't think I will go further on a quantitative guidance going forward. But I think we are seeing positive and negative. Obviously, on the positive side, we are seeing the fall through, the incremental impact of our restructuring costs that will continue to fall into a tailwind for our margins. We'll also see, obviously, the return of our Ecuador activity, as you have heard, $100 million impact on the top line. That will come back both EBITDA and margins -- and operating margins in the third quarter. And at the same time, I think the execution that we have seen happening on capital stewardship and success of technology, including digital will also be an uplift. Now, this would be partially offset and one of them will be the top line measure that we took, exceptional measure we took during the second quarter, will not be there again. But I think as a mix, you understand that this will lift our margin despite a top line flat.
Olivier Le Peuch: No, very good question I think the - first I think Reservoir Characterization is certainly the one that is the least –having the least exposure to North America as a benefit - had a benefit on international. As I did mention, three out of the four business group had flat or expanding margin internationally and that was the case for Reservoir Characterization. Now to be specific, I would say that a little bit more than half, I will say, came from this aggressive action we take on the structure and cost reduction. But I think the other half came from a technology adoption. And technology adoption, Reservoir Evaluation from Wireline with Ora as the platform of service continue to be very, very successful in the campaign of the - even if we have less exploration activity, we are able to deploy this new technology with much success, and it was the highest quarter in terms of revenue for that new technology Ora. And digital, so I will say that, it's a technology success as much and technology adoption success as much as a cost structure. So, the other segment have technology - and I think and we'll continue to succeed as well. So, I'm not worried about our ability to grow margin in every business group. But obviously, we benefited more from the differentiation of our technology in Reservoir Characterization.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, I think the RCG the Reservoir Characterization Group, I think has multiple aspect to it. I think, one is the digital. And I think this one, independently of the trajectory of the recovery of the supply-demand balance will continue to benefit from the digital transformation that is happening in our industry. When it comes to the Wireline, the Testing, the reservoir evaluation aspect, I think you have to look at two aspects; one is first, exploration still is happening and will continue to happen. There were more than 100 wells explored during the offshore during the second quarter, and there will be more than 100 wells, exploration wells in the first quarter. And hence the ability we have, the differentiation and technology with platforms such as Ora will continue to be providing us support and sustain margin in this environment. Secondly, Reservoir Characterization also does characterization for producing reservoir, so that when there is a short-cycle upside of trying to extract more from existing reservoir without exploring. We are applying technology for intervention, we are applying technology for testing of the reservoir, so that we can optimize. And I think we have seen actually more resilience of that Wireline intervention production services during the quarter than on the evaluation services during the last quarter. So, I'm reading this, I'm optimistic and quite reassured that the portfolio we have is well balanced and include for Reservoir Characterization production-related technology that will make a difference as our customer will go back into extracting more from the reservoir and the producing field they have.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes, thank you. So, I think the Middle East activity is seeing indeed a unique mix. The reason for this is that as part of the OPEC plus commitment and the compliance. There were decisions made during the second quarter for several of the national company, operating in Middle East to contain the activity and to reduce activity including rig activity or rigless activity during the third quarter. So, this is impacting several country and in particular, Saudi. So, the number of rigs that the study was operating at beginning of the year compared to where it is operating now, they will be more than 40 rigs down from January to June, and another nine or 12 rig possibly will go down in the third quarter. So, no doubt that there is a decline by the effect of the transition exit rate from Q2, as well as some further contraction of activity in the third quarter. That's true for that country. So depending on the exposure you have in Middle East, it can be significant or it can be offset. In our case, we are offsetting this by gain of activity or share in specifically Qatar and Kuwait. And as such, the overall outlook for us on Middle East is relatively flat on a sequential basis where, indeed, the underlying rig activity sequentially will go down 6% to 7% across the region. But depending on the - so yes, the activity is going down sequentially, no doubt. And it will not be corrected because of the decision of last week OPEC plus agreement to reinstall-- restore the 1.9 million-barrel cut. This was already factored when those activity cuts were decided. And hence, I'm not expecting any impact on this. So, yes, mix down. However, depending on the market exposure we, in our case, are able to hold our top line relatively flat in that context.
Olivier Le Peuch: Good question. I think the first we do confirm that our ambition is to indeed on a flat outlook, absent of a significant setback that would come from a reversal of the pandemic situation. But, and considering the forward looking, there will be some seasonal effect. So, it's very early to give a perspective on the top line evolution from third quarter to fourth quarter. But assuming that the current directional soft lending of activity continues well into the fourth quarter we will expect indeed this benefit to carry through and this margin expansion to be consistent and to still hold both from EBITDA and from the operating margin in the fourth quarter. So that's correct, and I think that - we are supporting this. I don't think we are in a position where we can project, and we want to detail and give guidance on the business segment outlook beyond next quarter. We expect them to indeed solidify and expand margin next quarter. But I think to go beyond that there will be some end-of-year effect that could twist some of the fall through. But overall, on a global basis, at the company level, this is what we're expecting.
Olivier Le Peuch: So, the first measure during the third quarter - the second quarter have been obviously on oil. However, there have been some side affect on gas because of budget reduction so budget constraints have led to a reduction of activity in gas as well. But what, to be specific, I’m sorry The gas LSTK contract indeed have reduced significantly. I'm not talking about the unconventional, but the conventional gas operation frac coil tubing rigless operation. And this has reduced to a new floor and this will possibly rebound. But yes, gas was affected for us the drilling LSTK by contract was unaffected. Probably because the performance of those LSTK contract is differentiated and there is a mix of oil or gas LSTK drilling contract and both were actually sustained and I've not been impacted at this point. And we don't expect to be the case. So that's - just to give you a little bit of more growth.
Olivier Le Peuch: So first, I'm not old enough to comment on 1986 apparently. So no, Dave I think if we step back, I think the industry has a proportion to go into crisis and rebound. So, no doubt that this industry will engineer or innovate its way up to the current crisis, no doubt. I think the characteristics on the other side of this cycle will be different from what we have known in the last 10 to 15 years. And I think capital efficiency, capital discipline, efficiency cost of service delivery would be the prime element of differentiation. So, we’re now talking about technology, we'll talk about technology that impacted performance across the lifecycle that impact efficiency hence, the fast adoption of digital will be differentiation. So, when you look back on cost okay, the success we had historically was clearly on expanding our international franchise and being the service company that could create value and find hydrocarbon reserve and help developed those reserves everywhere in the world in any condition. I think the game has changed this is not about finding new supply. It’s produced this supply at a lower cost. I think on occasion, it would be short-cycle extraction of the next drop. On occasion, it will be finding the next advantage, offshore, deepwater, large basin. Hence technology will always make a difference, but it would be focused on performance impact efficiency, and this would change the game. The second aspect I think - and digital obviously is part of this, changing the cost of sales delivery, changing our efficiency factor. The second aspect is I believe, I truly believe that industry is recognizing. And we are having better engagement today than maybe we had in the past. Of course, the necessity to integrate and partner across the supply chain and supply chain across on the service side and from supply to operator, to align in partnership that will transcend and create the game change we need. Because we need to transform as an industry, we need to find a way to extract this capital efficiency by standardization, by changing the way we operate, by transforming the way we digitally align with our operators and across the service industry. So partnership across the supply chain to really step change capital efficiency across the lifecycle and the technology that have differentiated per basin, focused on performance and focused on lowering the cost of service delivery. This is what I think will be the winning factor in the future.
Olivier Le Peuch: Obviously, as I said, I think the industry will innovate its way. And innovation will come from the way we reinvent ourselves, including this partnership, this transformation, operational transformation. But obviously, there will be a very key element of technology. We will have to invent the next and continue to lead on our digital - and invent the technology that will transform operationally the performance of the asset of our customer, step change the efficiency of finding oil and automate the drilling operations. So that will come through technology investment. And no doubt that will continue and we’ll invest into this to make it happen.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. First, Connor, I think, we had to realize - and I think this realization has been across the whole industry, that I think we are transitioning into a new normal. And the new normal means that the market for the foreseeable short term will be structurally smaller in size. So, I think we have to make that realization. Whether we call it 25%, 30%, 35% smaller in size, it depends on the region and the business, but I think that's a reality that is leading us. So, I think that was the first and foremost realization. The second one we have realized and hence the decision that we have made to restructure the company to adjust and align with this new reality and to right-size our structure, including our support fixed structure to account for this. This doesn't say that we are not ready for growth. We're absolutely ready for growth. But I think that we believe that the transformation we are going through, the capital efficiency, resource efficiency that we have enabled in the last three years to four years and the digital transformation we're going through in our operation todaywill create the leverage that we need to add future growth at much limited - much more limited resource and our capital needs in the future. So, I believe that the asset velocity, the capital efficiency we'll play out. Now this being said, we will be very strict on our capital stewardship program, and as such indeed made the right choice to not deploy capital and resource when we believe that the return are not in place. And I think we have started to do this. And we are successful in doing this, and we continue to do so. But at the end, we will grow. The recovery is on the horizon. When and as it recovers, we'll be ready with a different shape, a different structure, a new company, be it in the North America market, where we will changing to an asset-lite technology access model and scale-to-fit approach or internationally, where we are more focused on performance, and we are getting success out of this, and we'll accelerate our digital transformation. So yes, we will, and we believe that this structure will be giving us more flexibility as well as we'll have the core digital and transformation capability to flex with an upturn at a better incrementals.
Olivier Le Peuch: It's too early to say Marc, I think what I'm saying is that the - for this year, the effect of the budget adjustments and the COVID disruption that were budget the significant decline 22% rate decline in the second quarter. These two conditions especially receding and subdued as we go forward. We don't anticipate significant further budget cuts at the current pace. This however is truly to say whether the consequence on the budget setting in 2021 if the market was if the market was indicative of a slow, but steady recovery scenario that we’ll according to many of the analysts, IEA, and others to indicate a exit rate at $50 or $60 in 2020 for the Brent. In 2021 obviously this will certainly support a steady 2021 compared to the H2 on right of activity internationally. But this is too early to say and I think we have to wait, the budget cycle and also obviously, three to four months of more economic recovery of pandemic containment to judge what 2021 demand-supply balance could be, and what the condition for the budget will be in 2021.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think obviously the pace of economic recovery, the anticipated demand and supply balance, and the repercussion it will have on the confidence of the operator to invest or reinvest, I think is the major factor that will shape the turn of 2021. So, again, if it is a run rate of H2 times two, we expect to sustain whatever we will produce in the second half, and multiply by two, that is the correct assumption. But again, the risk, I think, comes down to the demand supply more than anything else. North America is a little bit of a wild card and we don't expect this to be a significant year, but it will be up most likely as a slow but steady recovery, but will not come back to the heyday. So I think overall, I think you have the gallons, but the factor is predominantly the economic outlook and the demand-supply - the impact on demand-supply prediction. And we cannot comment more than this at this point.
Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you, Marc. So I believe we are the - it's time to close. So to close let me let me leave you with three points. Firstly, our Q2 performance reflects the decisiveness and depth of our cost adjustments and cash preservation actions. I'm very pleased with the operational performance, international margins resilience, cash flow results, and the take in digital during the quarter. Secondly, we are resetting the company structure to support our performance vision and to align with the new market reality and as such, we have initiated a clear path to restore margins and returns performance with the backdrop of a structurally smaller market. We expect this to show visibly during the second half, absent of a setback in economic recovery. Finally, our performance strategy with digital and sustainability has imperatives, and capital stewardship and fit for basin technologies as performance factors will create differentiation in this new industry landscape, and we'll support our returns ambition, particularly as the future recovery pivots towards international market. So with this, and now, before I close the call, I wish everyone and I, wish everyone a safe and happy summer. I would like to thank Simon Farrant for nearly 33 years of service, as he has elected to take an early retirement from Schlumberger. Simon has been a very familiar voice and face throughout the last six years, 26 quarters, in his role as Vice President of Investor Relations. And I trust that his unique contributions to both Schlumberger and the investor community will be greatly missed. Simon, we wish you and your family all the best. Enjoy the new chapter!
Olivier Le Peuch: ND Maduemezia, who most recently was the Sub-Sahara Africa GeoMarket Manager, will take over from Simon effective at the end of this month. I ask that you all welcome ND and extend to him the same, high level of support and professional engagement as shared with Simon. Welcome, ND.
Stephane Biguet: Just to add, Olivier, maybe one additional factor on top of the incremental fixed cost savings is also that the full quarter effect of the large headcount reductions we executed in Q2. The exit rates of those headcount reduction was much larger than the average. So we'll have that tailwind as well.
Stephane Biguet: Sure, sure, good morning. Look for the second half, we actually expect our cash flow from operations to remain very strong, even if indeed, you're right, the working capital release will not be as large as it was in Q2, because activity - if we assume activity stabilizing, as we said, in the second half. However again, we’ve already shown all fixed-cost cash savings materializing in the rest of the year and the reduced intensity of our capital spend. We think we can still generate positive free cash flow in the second half, despite the additional severance payments that we will incur. And to your question, we think we will incur on most of the remaining severance payments in the second half of the year.
Stephane Biguet: Yes, you can put a little bit more because we had $200 million of provisions at the end of March as well.
Stephane Biguet: So, it is a full quarter impact, meaning that the Q2 results include the 40%, and we exited the quarter actually at a much higher rate. So this is why we have a nice tailwind starting into Q3 and going into Q4 with the remaining 60%. Most of it is - a lot of it is already realized at the end of- or triggered at the end of the quarter.
Stephane Biguet: Yes, it will be from the impairment effect. However, you will also see excuse me, you will also see a reversal coming from the Ecuador landslide incident that will partially offset this effect. But from impairment totally - yes, go ahead, Scott.
Stephane Biguet: I think we have been in 5% to 7% as a guidance that we have been consistent with. And I think that – we believe that we'll be able, as the market returns, to-- after completing some of the transformation for asset-light and technology access to continue on this 5% to 7%. We are comfortable on this. And that's the guidance we keep.
