Simon Ayat: Thank you, Malcolm. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in this conference call. Third quarter earnings per share from continuing operations, excluding charges and credits was $1.29. This is the highest earnings per share for a quarter in the history of Schlumberger. It represents an increase of $0.14 sequentially and it is $0.25 higher when compared to the same quarter last year. As a reminder, last quarter we completed the wind down of our operations in Iran and as a result, this business was classified as a discontinued operation. All the prior period amounts have been restated. Third quarter revenue of $11.6 billion increased 3.8% sequentially with 7% growth in North America and 3% International. As you will recall from a financial reporting standpoint, we do not consolidate the OneSubsea joint venture. As such, this was the first quarter we did not record any revenue from the subsea business that we transferred to the venture. Excluding this effect, revenue grew by over 5%. Oilfield Services pretax operating income increased 9.6% sequentially, while the pretax operating margins improved 114 basis points to 21.5%. Sequential highlights by product group were as follows. Reservoir Characterization revenue of $3.2 billion increased 7.3% and pretax income grew by just over 8%. This resulted in margins improving to 30.4%. This growth was driven by very strong international performances in both Wireline and Testing Services, most notably in Russia. Improved vessel utilization at WesternGeco also contributed to the growth. Drilling Group revenue of $4.4 billion increased 2.8% and margin improved by 154 basis points to 20.3%. These increases were largely attributable to the Drilling and Measurements and M-I SWACO on robust offshore activity. Production Group revenue of $4 billion increased 2.5%, while pretax income increased 13.1%. This resulted in margin expansion of 165 basis points to 17.6%. Excluding the effects of the transfer of our subsea business to OneSubsea, Production Group revenue grew by over 6%. This growth was led by Well Services on a strong recovery following the seasonal spring breakup in Canada last quarter. Increased activity for Completion and Artificial Lift as well as continued increasing profitability in SPM, were also significant contributors to the growth. Now turning to Schlumberger as a whole. The effective tax rate, excluding charges and credits was 22.7% in the third quarter, compared to 23.3% in the previous quarter, reflecting the business mix between North America and International. The year-to-date effective tax rate for 2013 is 23.2%. From a cash flow perspective, we have generated approximately $6 billion of cash flow from operation during the first nine months of this year. This strong cash generation has allowed us to continue to invest in growth opportunities, while at the same time, returning over $2.7 billion of cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends and stock repurchases during this period. : And now, I will turn the conference call over to Paal.
Simon Ayat: Ole, Simon here. We reported on one-month lag, but it is – we didn’t report anything during this quarter from Framo. So…Ole H. Slorer – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So that would have added a couple of cents.
Simon Ayat: What did you say, Ole?Ole H. Slorer – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: No, that – that’s clear. Thanks for clarifying.
Simon Ayat: Well, internationally, we continue to drive efficiency through other operations, right. There is no one item that I would single out. I think every product line that we have, all 15 of them, have specific programs and targets where they drive both the efficiency of our workforce as well as the utilization of our assets in all aspects of our operations. So, that's a key part of what you see in terms of the incremental margins that we are generating in the international market.Angie M. Sedita – UBS Securities LLC: Great. I'll turn it over.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I would probably name the same five that as I’ve been talking about throughout this year. So that’s basically…James Carlyle West – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Sure.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, if we started looking at Q4 first, as you know, we do not give guidance, but I would say a couple of things about the fourth quarter. Firstly; that the fundamentals of our business remains intact going into Q4, but there are some seasonal effects that I think everyone should factor in. On the negative side of these effects is that we are likely to or we will see seasonal slowdown in some of our highest growth markets this year such as Russia and China, which will have an impact. We’ll see the normal seasonal slowdown in Marine Seismic and we also expect to see some impact from the holiday season in North America. While on the positive side, we have the year-end product sales, which will offset some of this. But overall, if I look where the current consensus for Q4 is now, I would say it’s about right. Now looking into 2014, obviously very early to look at specific EPS targets, other than that; again, the fundamentals of our business remain strong, and our overall target is going to be to continue to deliver double-digit growth in earnings per share, and that will be for the fourth year in a row.Kurt Hallead – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, great. Paal, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I think generally, we talked to all of our customers about these things. So I don't see a huge difference between what the independents do and what the IOCs do in this market space, right. I mean, it's all about the acreage, the challenges and the main focus and priorities that they have. So we are openly discussing the whole range of capabilities and new ideas and innovations that we have with all our customers and I can't really separate I would say who is doing what. I think they are all eager to look at what can be done better and the way they are implementing obviously varies depending on what their priorities are.David Anderson – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, that’s a lot of questions wrapped into one. But I’ll – let us start up with the seismic, so maybe I’d say a little bit about our seismic results in Q3 and then on the outlook and then we can go on to the next part of your question right. But Q3 results gross were solid, multi-client was down a bit about 9% sequentially, which was in line with our expectations. In marine, we had a good quarter as expected, fully booked, good pricing from the new technology, but really no further traction on basic pricing and also on land, we had a very good quarter. We have restructured our land business over the past year, focusing now entirely on Unique deployed in Middle East and North Africa and we are now generating very solid operating margins on land, which is as long time since we’ve done. Now in terms of the outlook for seismic, as you can see from our disclosure, our backlog is now at $856 million, which is down 12% year-over-year, but this backlogging includes all four parts of our business; the marine, the land, the data processing and the multi-client. So actually the main driver for the year-over-year growth in the backlog is actually land, and that’s basically due to the fact that we have downsized our business and focusing more narrowly on Unique and Middle East and North Africa. So the marine backlog was slightly up year-over-year, but the visibility on Q1, Q2 is lower than what we had at the same stage last year. It doesn’t mean that there are no surveys out there, but our customers are now in their planning cycle and they have been reluctant to make early commitment as to these surveys that they have on the table. So I would say that we basically expect to gain further visibility on marine seismic activity during the fourth quarter. So there is a bit of uncertainty over that as of now, but I can’t really conclude what that’s going to mean for next year. So overall, the outlook for seismic, for data processing, land and multi-client looks solid, with some lower visibility on marine. Now in terms of deepwater, there is – we’re still quite, I would say, bullish and optimistic on deepwater. There are a number of new rigs coming into the market in Q4 and also going into 2014 and that’s going to grow – that’s going to drive the deepwater spend in 2014. So we’re still optimistic on deepwater.Bill A. Herbert – Simmons & Co.: Thank you, sir.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes. We are we well set up in Brazil. We have a strong focus on both quality and efficiency and also introduction of new technology for these long-term contracts. So I’m comfortable with our position and our set up in Brazil, it is challenging, but we are executing well.William D. Sanchez – Howard Weil Inc.: Okay. And that was it from me. I’ll turn it back. Thank you.
Paal Kibsgaard: Right. So, we are not looking in the near-term to change significantly the level of recruiting, because this all cross training and ensuring that we got proper competencies for the people that we do cross train is going to take a little bit of time. So, in the near-term, there is no change, no significant change to the level of recruiting that we are planning to do.Michael Kirk LaMotte – Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks Paal.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, I'm not aware of any major outstanding contracts beyond the ones that we have – that's already been awarded earlier this year as well as the ones that we are referencing now. But I would say overall our position in Norway and our position with Statoil is strong from where we see it and we're well positioned there.Brad Handler – Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Very good, okay, thanks. I’ll turn it back.
Paal Kibsgaard: What you are referencing is what we call this Spark model this is basically where we provide the fracturing fluid, the engineering, the blending while we have a third-party providing the horsepower. So we have deployed this business model with a number of customers who are vertically integrated in North America, but the overall business volume is I would say is not significant but it's continued to grow this year from where it was last year when we introduced it. And similarly, we have also deployed this business model for part of our operations in China.Robin Shoemaker – Citi Investment Research: I see, okay. Thanks very much.
Paal Kibsgaard: Well, I can't really give you a number on that. I mean, the efficiency improvements going all the way back three years to when we started restructuring the land business is obviously a key part of the performance that we continue to post quarter-after-quarter. But at the same time, we have a very strong offshore business both in Gulf of Mexico and Eastern Canada and we also have a very strong business in Alaska. So it’s a combination of everything where we needed to improve the most going back three years was in North America land and there has been a significant improvement there. But at the same time, we have continued to progress on our offshore and high-end business as well.Waqar Syed – Goldman, Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Paal Kibsgaard: It’s not our biggest market in Latin America.Jim K. Wicklund – Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, thank you very much.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, like I said earlier in my prepared remarks, I think it's too early to comment on specific growth numbers for any part of the world next year, given the fact that our customers are still in their planning cycle. I am optimistic though that we'll see growth in North America in terms of spend next year and potentially higher than what we saw this year. But beyond that I’m not ready to give you a number at this stage.Holm Turner – RS Platou Markets AS: Okay. All right, thanks guys. I'll turn it back.
