Simon Ayat: Thank you, Simon. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in this conference call. First quarter earnings per share, excluding charges earning credits, was $1.06. This represents decreases of $0.44 sequentially and $0.15 when compared to the same quarter last year. During the quarter, we recorded $439 million of pretax charges. This includes $390 million of charges associated with the headcount reduction of 11,000, as well as an incentivized leave of absence program. This program provides us with some flexibility as we manage the uncertainties of the current environment. In Venezuela, during the first quarter, the SICAD II exchange rate of VEF50 to $1 was eliminated and replaced with a new system known as SIMADI. The SIMADI rate was approximately VEF192 as of the end of the quarter. As a result, we recorded $49 million of devaluation charge during the first quarter. After this charge, the U.S. dollar value of our Bolivar denominated net assets is not material. Therefore, any further devaluations of the Bolivar will not have a significant impact on our results. Our first quarter revenue of $10.2 billion decreased 19% sequentially, while pretax operating margin decreased 255 basis points. Approximately 25% of the sequential revenue decline was attributable to the currency effect and the absence of the year-end increase in product, software and multi-client sales that we experienced last quarter. The remaining decrease was driven by activity and price declines. Despite the very challenging environment, pretax operating margin declined 255 basis points sequentially which resulted in incremental margins of only 33%. This is a result of prompt and proactive cost management across the organization. It's worth noting that although our revenue was significantly impacted by the fall in value of many currencies, this phenomenon does not have a significant impact on our pretax operating income. This reflects the benefit of our local cost structure which largely serves as the natural hedge against currency movements on our bottom line. Highlights by both product group were as follows. First quarter Reservoir Characterization revenue of $2.6 billion, decreased 21% sequentially, while margins decreased 447 basis points, to 25.7%. These decreases were largely due to seasonally lower multi-client and software sales and a fall in higher margin exploration activity. Drilling group revenue of $4 billion decreased 15% sequentially, while margins only declined 80 basis points. These declines were primarily driven by the severe rig count drop in North America. Production group revenue of $3.8 billion decreased 22% sequentially and margins fell by 389 basis points, primarily on lower pressure pumping activity and pricing pressure in North America land. Now turning to Schlumberger as a whole, the effective tax rate, excluding charges and credits, was 20.9% in the first quarter, compared to 21.4% in the previous quarter. This decrease reflects the fact that we generated a smaller portion of our pretax income in North America during Q1. As we [indiscernible] throughout the year, the EPR will continue to be very sensitive to the geographic mix of earnings. We generated almost $1.8 billion of cash flow from operations and net debt increased $100 million during the quarter, to $5.5 billion. This is all despite the consumption of working capital that we typically experience during Q1 which is driven by the annual associated with employee compensation, as well as the payment of $245 million in severance during the quarter. Even with the challenges of the current market, we still anticipate generating very strong free cash flow. This is because, during the downturn, we continue to reduce our investment in CapEx and working capital requirements will also come down. This combination should more than offset the decrease in earnings. During the quarter, we spent $719 million to repurchase 8.7 million shares, at an average price of $82.98. We spent $606 million on CapEx, full year 2015 CapEx, excluding multi-client and SBM investment, is now expected to be approximately $2.5 billion. And now, I will turn the conference call over to Paal.
Simon Ayat: Normally, we have seasonality to the working capital and the first quarter is a quarter where we consume working capital. And this year around, actually the receivable was a positive. Inventory stayed flattish, but the biggest consumption was on the accounts payable and employee payable. The first quarter, we basically meet all of the requirements of the incentives, the bonuses of the previous year. And as we highlighted, we also had the payment associated with the restructuring of $245 million. So the main impact on the working capital came from the other elements that I highlighted. So over $1 billion, by the way, Michael.
Simon Ayat: The $245 million was a restructuring cost, with Venezuela, obviously, it's not the cash element. The biggest issue is, as I mentioned, accounts payable and employee payable was more than $1 billion of deterioration.
Simon Ayat: So as we always said, Michael, the number or the amount that we will spend on the buyback is always a balancing number. Our priority is to invest in the business, whether it's CapEx or future revenue stream, SPM, multi-client. And then the dividend, obviously, we will continue to meet our commitment and revise it every year. And the balancing period will always be the buyback. And during the downturn, the conversion rate, you know, is always helping.
Paal Kibsgaard: So our view on the macro hasn't really changed, compared to what we said both on the October and January call. First of all, the 2015 oil demand remains strong. And I was actually right [indiscernible] in the latest IA report. It would now be about 1.1 million barrels per day. While on the supply side, we continue to see the market share battle playing out globally. Now the key question, as we discussed before, is when and where the large cuts in E&P investment is going to show up in the supply numbers. And the latest production data from March is now showing the first signs of a tightening in supply. And we're basically looking at three main indicators. The first one is the core OPEC spare capacity which was down by 400,000 barrels in March, to 2.5 million barrels. The other one is the one you alluded to which is the non-NAM and OPEC production which showed a slight weakening in the first quarter versus the first quarter of last year. And given the reduction in E&P spend internationally; we expect this weakening to continue throughout this year. And the third one which everyone is looking at, is the U.S. monthly sequential production which is now showing the first signs of flattening. So based on this, as we said in January, we expect the global supply to continue to tighten in the second half of this year, so really no major change to our view on the macro.
Paal Kibsgaard: So if you look at how we're driving business performance today which a lot of the focus is around managing decrementals, there is really three components that are part of driving this performance. First is the transformation of the mindset of our entire organization, where we have, in the past couple years, taken teamwork and the tightness of the chain of command to a completely new level. So this allows us now to plan and execute and also to adjust with great pace and agility, all right And this is the process that had been going on for a number of years. And I think it really demonstrated the -- our capabilities, coming from this transformation and in the first quarter. Now the second is just diligent focus on basic cost and resource management. And this includes both our internal cost structures, as well as the third party spend. And although we did well in the first quarter in this area, as well, these efforts are going to continue into the second quarter. And then the third one is really the one that you're referring to which is the structural transformation of how we run the entire company. And here, we said we would be in the sixth to seventh inning in 2017. I would say that today, we're probably in the third inning, if you want to stick to baseball terminology. It's a multi-year program. It's going to bring a steady contribution to our performance and we're today active in looking to accelerate the pace of this implementation and there is a great pool from the entire organization now to accelerate this and I'm very pleased with the overall progress, in terms of how we're doing.
Paal Kibsgaard: If you look at the work we've done so far and we posted some of the recent results in the earnings press release this quarter, a lot of the re-frack focus so far has been around being able to identify the candidates. And that's based on our understanding of the existing completions and the potential that these still hold. And then the other part is around, how do you effectively do the refracturing while minimizing the costs. So we have, to our engineer completion and our shale formation evaluation capabilities, as well as BroadBand Sequence, now established that growth technology offering. So in terms of how many wells, I would say there are thousands of wells in North America land that are candidates for refracturing and this is both shale liquids and shale gas. In terms of the market potential, I think you're talking billions, in terms of revenue opportunities, over an extended period of time. But this is quite a significant market opportunity. And I think the key here is that we're so confident in our ability to identify the right candidates and execute the refracturing work that we're prepared to take significant risks, in terms of how we go about doing this work. In many cases, if we can select the candidates, prepare to foot the entire bill for the refracturing work and then get paid back in production.
Paal Kibsgaard: What they're saying with that slide is that over time, basins mature. And in order to firstly maintain production and subsequently increase production which I think, in many of the land basins, we will be looking to do that in the coming years, you will have to increase drilling intensity. That's the basic message. So I think you're seeing that increase in drilling intensity happening in many basins around the world today. The drilling intensity is obviously generally far below what we're seeing today in North America land. But that's basically because, in most of the other basins, we're still working within the conventional resource base. And as you move from the conventional towards more unconventional, you will also generally see an increase in drilling intensity from that. But I would say, even in the conventional basin, there is a growing drilling intensity which we're now looking to capitalize on, both through the subsurface integration of the [indiscernible] assembly, as well as now going forward with our focusing on establishing our read on the future.
Paal Kibsgaard: I do, yes. And I think it's going to be very important, for the overall performance of the industry, that all the players that have something to contribute, not only to the implementation and execution part of the work we do. But also to how we design the solutions of what we're looking to build and develop, that they're all invited to the table. And I would say still remaining humble. I think we, from the Schlumberger side, we have a lot to contribute, when it comes to supporting the design decisions that many of our customers take for major drilling and completions developments.
Paal Kibsgaard: No, it's not a quick implementation and it's not something that we can do by ourselves. And currently, I think it's very clear. We're not saying that we can do the work our customers are doing better. But I think, given the capabilities that we have, I think we're underutilized today. And we have a lot more to contribute, even into the design elements of the work that is related to our expertise. And I think by being invited to the table to contribute, complementing what they are doing, I think we can achieve improvements in design and engineer costs out of the system, before we go to implementation. And by factoring in our implementation or execution capabilities in the design, I think we can also simplify and streamline the execution part of the work, as well. So this is something that we're going to offer, Jim. Some of our customers might take us up on it and some of the others might not and for the ones that are not, we will continue to work the way we're currently doing. But I think this is something that we believe can bring significant value and something that we're prepared to take on and also put some more skin in the game.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think if you look at deepwater first, this represents a huge resource base for the industry. Now given the level of development cost today, as well as given the level of recovery factors we're seeing today, the cost per barrel for these type of developments is challenged. So there has to be a change in overall, in how these developments are done. We have to get the costs down and we also have to drive recovery up. And if you can do both, I think a large part of the reserve base and the discovery base that we have established over the past decade in deepwater, can and will be developed. So I think this is the challenge that the industry has and we're prepared to contribute towards finding the right solutions. And I think when the industry really puts their mind to something, we will find a solution and it will be sorted out. As to the [Technical Difficulty] separation, I think the play book we're seeing now is the normal one. Exploration is the first thing that can be cut which is not going to have a short-term and immediate impact on production. Looking at the current levels of exploration spend today, it is clearly unsustainable. I don't think it's going to get fixed or improved any time soon or at least not in 2015. But it is very clear that this level of exploration spend is not going to continue for many years.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think if you look at what's taken place over the past three or four years in shale liquids in North America, there has been a significant growth in activity and there has been a growing free cash flow deficit for the E&P industry. So that's clearly not a sustainable way of the whole industry to operate here. Now, with that said, I think there's a core part of the North America shale liquids that is viable, even at the current oil prices and this will continue to be developed. Now as we go forward, as the industry continues to improve. I would say, both on the cost side -- although a lot has already been done -- but even more so on the production per well. I think there can be a growing part of the -- I would say tier 2 and tier 3 acreage that can be developed. But as of now, I think we're limited more to the tier 1 acreage at these type of oil prices. And that's why we're saying that, given the cash flow constraints, we don't expect that rig counts are going to come back to the previous levels of around 2000. It's going to come back to somewhere in between the current levels and where it was. And for the service industry, that means that the pricing concessions that are currently being given, we unfortunately are going to have to live with for a while, because there's going to be a pretty significant order capacity for all sorts of services, given the lower activity level that we're going to recover to.
Paal Kibsgaard: If you look at our view on total E&P spend globally, splitting it into North America and international, we're saying that the reduction in spending internationally is going to be significantly lower than what you see in North America. North America is going to be well above 30% and while we're saying around 15% for international. So I think the key, beyond what the spend reduction is -- and we're already seeing that spend reduction. And by the way, international spend was more or less flat already in 2014. I think the key from our side is the underestimated, I would say, resilience in our international business performance. If you look at how we've been managing to keep margins and also to continue to protect our overall earnings capacity in the international business, we're doing a pretty good job. And I think even with a 15% reduction in E&P spend, our revenues, year-over-year, was down 8% in the first quarter and our operating income was down 3%. So the key areas are our ability to continue to generate earnings, even in very challenging market conditions.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, at this stage, we see both North America and international revenue coming down further in Q2 [indiscernible]. But I would say more so in North America than in international.
Paal Kibsgaard: I would say that the revenue reductions in Q2 are slowing in pace. I'm not ready to say that it's the bottom yet.
Paal Kibsgaard: Yes, sure. So the overall work flow starts with us basically getting the well files and the well data from the operator. Our team of experts is then reviewing hundreds of candidate wells and we're taking the ones that we believe have the highest potential for increasing production after re-fracking treatment. So they're looking at the completion. They are looking at whatever formation evaluation data we have and then coming up with our candidate selection. Now in terms of the actual physical work execution at the well site, the first thing we need to do is to pull the pump out of the well and then prepare the well. But beyond that, it's just hooking up the fracturing treatment. And we basically pump a normal fracturing job, but with a BroadBand Sequence [indiscernible] space into the job. Generally then flooding off the existing perforations that have already been fracked, to be able to elevate the pressure in the well to fracture the additional perforations that initially weren't fracked when the well was first completed. So the key enablers here are the ability of our subsurface experts to identify the right well candidates. And in addition to that, the BroadBand Sequence, the technology, where we can actually divert fracturing fluid into the perforations that haven't properly been fractured in the first place.
Paal Kibsgaard: If we focus in our discussion on decrementals around international business, right, where our decrementals sequentially, in Q1, was 25%, I think this performance is -- first of all, nothing one-off in that performance. And secondly, that performance is not just one quarter, either. I think the overall resilience in our well-balanced international business is largely underestimated. Actually, if you look at the performance going back to 2012, we posted 35% incrementals in 2012, 42% in 2013 and 69% in 2014. So the fact that we have a very good handle of running the international business, in an environment where we've been facing growing headwinds throughout this period, both in exploration, in deepwater and seismic. And also with significant IOC spend costs, even starting in 2014, I think these incrementals clearly show that the decrementals we're posting in Q1 is just a continuation of a multi-year run of improving business performance.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think for the re-frack, this work scope, I think, is going to be limited to the companies that can do the two things that I stated earlier. Firstly, help the customers identify the right candidate. And secondly, have technologies that make the cost base of the refracturing feasible and economical. And based on the work we've done, in terms of identifying candidates during trials, re-fracks for a range of customers already, the economics, based on the BroadBand Sequence technology, is actually quite attractive in between re-fracking an old well or drilling a new well. So I think it would be limited to the companies that have that capability. Now even if there were a range of companies that could do it, I still think that this market overall, in terms of absorbing capacity, isn't going to fix the problem. So if you look at the overall activity that we had last year, where we had about 2000 rigs operating, we're down now below 1000. If you take a pick anywhere in between the two numbers of where the recovery is going to come back, no matter what number you pick I think it's very clear that it's going to be significant over-capacity in the market. And that means that pricing that is now already at very low levels is not going to improve in that situation. So re-frack is an opportunity for the companies that have the right technology to it. I don't think it's going to have a big enough impact to fix the overall capacity issue in North America land. But it will be, I think, a very good avenue of growth for the companies that can identify the right candidates and also have the technology to effectively re-frack, while keeping costs low enough to make it economical.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think we have some good opportunities this year to gain market share. We talked about that in the January call. I think the -- this whole discussion around what we perceive to be the glass ceiling in the international market will potentially open up more market share opportunities for us. I think also, given the fact that we're able to run a very good and very effective business internationally, would also allow us opportunities to leverage that capability to further gain market share as well. So we're not going to be obsessed about market share, other than, we're going to look for the opportunities. And we want to continue to navigate the commercial landscape by balancing both market share with continuous margin performance.
Paal Kibsgaard: We're already seeing challenges, both in activity and pricing and it's not the market. Obviously, with these significant spend reductions that's always going to be there. I think the difference we're seeing, at this stage, is that based on these incrementals that I referenced just in the previous question, our ability to continuously drive performance, to how we execute internationally and leveraging the scale we have of operations. And also have a steady contribution from the transformation that is what is allowing us to hold margins up the way they are. We have significantly outperformed our competitors in margins over the previous two or three years and this has just got nothing to do with pricing. Every bid on lowest price for basic technologies in any country around the world, the only thing that differentiates us from the competition is that we're able to translate this revenue into higher margins, basically based on how we run the company. So we're always winning any bid on the lowest price. And we have to be commercially competitive. But the key here is the internal [indiscernible] of the company and how we run and execute. And I think that ability has improved significantly over the past three or four years. And that's why we hope that we should be able to manage both decrementals and overall margins better, this time around, in the international market, than what we've done in previous cycles.
Paal Kibsgaard: I still think there is a mixture that any new technology in North America land, the uptake takes some time. But what we did differently this time around, with broadband in general versus what we did with HiWAY, is that in the third quarter last year, myself and a few of my chiefs, we went around to a range of North American E&P companies and presented the concept of this technology, and also offered them trial runs to try this out. And that's why the general uptake of BroadBand Sequence has been significantly faster than what HiWAY was which was always, actually, quite good, as well, in 2011. But the rate of uptake of BroadBand Sequence has been significantly higher than what HiWAY was.
Paal Kibsgaard: I think you're right. We believe that there is a weakness in the non-NAM, non-OPEC supply base. It was basically flat Q1, year-over-year. But given the reductions we're seeing in spend and the weakness in several of the key basins, we expect that weakness to continue and potentially increase, as the year progresses and I think that's why we believe that there will be some recovery in Brent. The question is, to what extent OPEC wants or is willing, to put more barrels on the market to stabilize prices at some level below $100.
Paal Kibsgaard: Thank you. So before we close, I would like to thank all of you for participating in today's call. As your questions have indicated, you're all concerned that this market is quite challenging at the moment. I think it's useful to summarize the three most important points that we have discussed this morning. First, the past quarter has been challenging to manage. But by being able to quickly adjust plans and by continuing to focus on what we control, we have delivered significantly better decremental margins, compared to previous cycles. And our international leverage and the acceleration of our transformation program, are together creating a strong platform for financial out-performance, also, going forward. Second, we believe that the industry needs to think differently, in order to reduce project costs and increase project value. And we see closer collaboration between operators and the large service companies as a key element in achieving this goal. And this closer collaboration should also include more performance-based contracting models which we're fully prepared to enter into. And last, while we continue to actively manage cost and resources throughout this downturn, by streamlining overhead structures and reducing field capacity, we can quickly add back capacity when opportunities arise to take on more work. Through the efficiency gains created by our transformation program and through our unmatched recruiting and training machine which is fully intact. That concludes the call for today. Thank you.
