Stephane Biguet: Thank you, Olivier, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Overall, our second quarter revenue of $9.1 billion, increased 5% sequentially, mostly driven by the international markets, led by the Middle East and Asia. Sequentially, our pre-tax segment operating margins expanded 135 basis points to 20.3%, as margins increased in each of our four divisions. Company-wide adjusted EBITDA margin for the second quarter was 25%, representing a sequential increase of 142 basis points. In absolute dollars, adjusted EBITDA increased 11% sequentially and 17% year-on-year. As a result, second quarter earnings per share, excluding charges and credits, was $0.85. This represents an increase of $0.10 sequentially and $0.13 or 18%, when compared to the second quarter of last year. During the quarter, we've recorded $0.01 of merger and integration charges relating to the Aker subsea transaction and $0.07 of charges in connection with a program that we have recently, started to realign and optimize the support and service delivery structure in certain parts of our organization. This includes adjusting resources as a result of lower activity levels in North America, centralizing certain digital delivery services and improving efficiency in our support structure. This program, which will result in additional charges in the third quarter, will drive further margin expansion in the second half of the year and into 2025. The related actions will be completed by the end of the year. Let me now go through the second quarter results for each division. Second quarter Digital & Integration revenue of $1.1 billion increased 10% sequentially, with margins expanding 435 basis points to 31%. The sequential revenue growth was entirely due to higher digital sales, as APS revenue was flat. The strong margin performance was driven by improved digital profitability, as a result of robust exploration data sales and the higher uptake of digital solutions. APS margins were essentially flat. We expect the digital revenue growth and margin expansion to continue in both Q3 and Q4. Reservoir performance revenue of $1.8 billion increased 5% sequentially, while margins improved 98 basis points to 20.6%. These increases were primarily due to strong growth internationally, led by higher activity in the Middle East and Asia. Well construction revenue of $3.4 billion increased 1% sequentially, well margins of 21.7% increased 125 basis points, driven by strong measurements and fluids activity internationally. Finally, production systems revenue of $3 billion increased 7% sequentially, driven by the strong activity in the international markets led by Europe and Africa. Margins expanded 146 basis points to 15.6% on improved profitability in Subsea Production Systems and artificial lift. Now turning to our liquidity. Our cash flow was strong, as we generated $1.4 billion of cash flow from operations and free cash flow of $776 million during the quarter. We expect our cash flow to continue to improve throughout the rest of the year. As a result, our free cash flow in the second half of this year will be materially higher than the first half. Capital investments, inclusive of CapEx and investments in APS projects and exploration data, were $666 million in the second quarter. For the full year, we are still expecting capital investments to be approximately $2.6 billion. As I mentioned last quarter, under the securities laws, we were prohibited from repurchasing our stock during the period between the mailing of the proxy in connection with the ChampionX acquisition and ChampionX's shareholders' vote. Following the shareholder vote in June, we have resumed our stock repurchase program. And during the quarter, we repurchased 9.9 million shares for a total purchase price of $465 million. During the first half of the year, total returns to shareholders in the form of stock repurchases and dividends were approximately $1.5 billion, representing half of our $3 billion commitment for all of 2024. Finally, we issued $1.5 billion of bonds during the second quarter. The proceeds either have been or will be used to refinance our debt obligations. We are pleased with our current capital structure, which allows us to prioritize returns to shareholders, as illustrated by our $3 billion total returns commitment for 2024 and our $4 billion commitment for 2025. I will now turn the conference call back to Olivier.
Stephane Biguet: So yes, we were quite happy with the not only the top-line growth, but the margin expansion in the D&I division in the second quarter. And as I said earlier, it was all due to the digital business. So, APS was flat. And as it relates to the rest of the year, we do definitely expect the digital margins to continue improving in the second half. It will accelerate even more so in the fourth quarter on higher sales, but also on the effect of the changes we are making in the digital delivery and support organization to pull resources on a more global and regional basis to scale the business more efficiently. So as it relates to the APS business, again, it's always it is mostly flat quarter-on-quarter. So all the upside is coming from digital. And your question on Canada, I think we have signaled before that we were looking at divesting the asset and it's very much the case. We have actually reached -- we have launched a formal process again. We are quite happy with the results. So we will move to the second phase of this process, which is that we had several offers. We have shortlisted -- selected set of buyers and we are moving to negotiation with the selected set of buyers. It's so far so good. It's going well on this process and we'll update you later.
Stephane Biguet: Neil, we did try to take the most advantage of this by resuming very quickly our stock buybacks in June right after the shareholders vote. We were able to accelerate there and actually catch up on to the point where we go to just about half of our full year commitment. So the commitment remains the same for 2024 at this moment. It's a total of $3 billion between dividends and buybacks. We will continue to monitor our cash flow, continue to look at our capital allocation. For example, potential cash proceeds from divestitures depending on their timing can be an upside to buybacks. But for the moment, the target for ’24 remains $3 billion.
Stephane Biguet: Thanks, Dan. So you mentioned we've been quite active indeed. So at this stage, we are really focusing on making those acquisitions and various transactions from Aker Subsea to Aker Carbon Capture to the planned acquisition of ChampionX as a success. So we are the focus currently is more on integration than on new M&A. And really in terms of prioritization in for the capital allocation at this moment, we are really prioritizing returns to shareholders.
Stephane Biguet: Thanks for the question, Luke. Really this program is about extracting the most margin expansion and returns out of this growth cycle. It's not just support, even though it's one of the key element of it. You have three main components. First, there's a more tactical adjustment, if you want, of our operational resources in mostly in U.S. land to account basically for the lower-than-expected rig count levels. The second one relates to digital. We are centralizing or regionalizing a certain number of delivery services to improve resource utilization, so that we can better respond to the rapid adoption of our digital solutions. Indeed the third one, not a small component, about half of it if you want, is increasing efficiency in our functional superstructure. It's something we do all the time. But here, we are completing the deployment of our new ERP system. We really want to extract the most out of this and it allows us to streamline some of the superstructure. In terms of magnitude, you've seen the charge this quarter. It's slightly over $100 million pretax. I don't expect that, this will exceed this amount in the third quarter. We are still in the process of finalizing all the plans. I cannot give you a number on that, but it should not be of a bigger magnitude. Then this will result in great savings and optimization of our cost lines, which you will see gradually towards the end of the year and of course in 2025.
Stephane Biguet: Yes. Sure. As I said, we will really complete everything. All the actions will be taken by the end of the year. But you will see gradually the effect on our margins in the second half. By the way, this is of course why we are confident in the updated, more precise guidance we gave for the full year EBITDA. We will update you more precisely on the savings once we are done at the end of Q3. In general, as a rough rule of thumb, if you want, you can assume that, the payback on these actions is between 9 to 12 months.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. That's a fair assessment and a fair reading of our guidance in the prepared remarks. We have originally been guiding the EBITDA growth year-on-year in the mid-teens and we have here confirmed that, as we have delivered the second quarter and foresee further margin expansion in the second half driven by the different factor we highlighted, we still foresee the EBITDA growth year-on-year to be now in the range of 14% to 15%. Hence, I believe this is indeed a very solid outlook for EBITDA growth year-on-year and in line with our previous guidance, but certainly on the back of international margin expansion. The success we have had in the second quarter, we expect to carry on, as we continue to execute with greater revenue and favorable market position in the second half.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. I think it's fair to say that, we see a large breadth of growth engine across the region, Middle East and also North Africa, driven by a combination of all capacity expansion program that I think you may know are still in full swing in many countries, including KSA, but most visibly the UAE, the Kuwait and Iraq are running after and Libya, are running after visible oil capacity expansion program and activity as such is indeed going up. The addition of large conventional and unconventional gas projects that are being accelerated in several countries to respond to local demand and to desire to transition. I think we are seeing it obviously in Saudi and we commented a lot on this before. You may have seen into the earnings press release that, we have been awarded an extension and the large markets for our drilling services for the unconventional program in Saudi. We continue to fully participate into the other country where this is very relevant including UAE committing to accelerate their own commercial, including Qatar that continue to expand and including Algeria that is starting to look back and clearly having a path forward to also activity increase. All across the Middle East, we see growth year-on-year. We see, as I said, the vast majority of the GeoUnit having record revenue for this cycle and for many record ever activity. Hence, we benefit from this very large growth and multiple levels of activity growth in the Middle East and we foresee it continuing going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. I will be -- I will say that more generically as we see resilience on 3 aspects, resilience on the steel oil capacity expansion and deepwater oil developments happening and having significant resilience. And you may foresee not an existing deepwater program in oil in the Latin Americas region, but you will see emerging new oil developments coming into Africa. So that's a strong resilient aspect of deepwater. You see and you can anticipate a gas resilience in deepwater development more in the Isthmeb, Turkey and Asia region. And then you have the complex of indeed Middle East that is both reinforcing their oil capacity, as I mentioned. And gas so it's not only one market. I think gas, we have increased our share of gas activity in Middle East visibly. We are very well exposed. I would say we are long on gas in the Middle East region. And we believe that it's a matter of offshore long cycle, both oil and gas, Middle East oil capacity and on commercial gas developments and Asia for gas security reason, offshore development for gas as well. So it's a mix that is favorable. And then we should not forget about North America that I think has continued high intensity technology deployment to support sustained production growth for oil, particularly in the short term.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think we see the market of deepwater. I think you have two markets. You have the market offshore shallow that is highly concentrated in Middle East and to the States and in Asia. And then you have the deepwater market that is consolidated in Americas, Africa and some part of Asia and Isthmeb. And I think what we see, if you look at more generically, we see three legs of activity developing for the future of deepwater, large and offshore, large, but deepwater in particular. There is a strong portfolio of projects underway from Guyana to Brazil, from Norway to part of Asia that we'll continue to complete and develop to the next two or three years and are part of the portfolio of subsea deployment that we have across. Then you have an ongoing set of FID, and we expect that offshore FID this year will be reaching $100 billion exceeding this and the same for 2025. And this FID is led by a combination of oil, a lot of oil FID being developed and being nearing decision in the coming months and some have just been approved and you have seen some of the announcements in Patria and Angola. We are very pleased with this because that would feed our pipeline of subsea going forward. And lastly, we should not forget that there is a third leg. The third leg is coming from exploration and appraisal activity that is not only happening in Namibia or not only happening in Brazil or in Suriname or in Asia, but I think it's very strong across many basin in frontier region as well as in infrastructure led exploration. We believe that, this third leg will certainly add quarters, if not years of growth to the deepwater outlook. Hence, we are very confident on our exposure to the deepwater market. To the offshore market at large, as we commented before that, offshore represent about 50% of our revenue exposure internationally and we see it extremely resilient and we see multiple legs in the deepwater market going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: First, I cannot comment, obviously, as you understand, where we stand on the -- with regulatory process and usual process clearance on the ChampionX. But obviously, we are looking at the way we could at the time of the closing and restructure and get better exposure to the digital if we can do this in a way that will indeed expose and provide a little bit more direct measurement of our success and ambition going forward in digital. That's the integration team looking into it and we will make decision in due time and inform you.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. We would expect that, on the low single-digit global growth sequentially in the fourth quarter to still increase our margin expansion and not give more precise guidance. We expect an uptick in the fourth quarter, driven first by an acceleration of our top-line sequential growth in the fourth quarter, in part due to the year-end effect of product sales in both software, digital and in some of our equipment division. This will lead to acceleration also our margin expansion, giving us a very good exit point if you like, as we enter 2025, an ambition to continue growth, as I mentioned and further expand the margin. That's setting the scene very well as we conclude the year with the guidance we have shared and preparing 2025 an overview of growth and margin expansion.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yeah. I think quality revenue growth is focusing selectively on we believe -- where we believe we have the most operational leverage, the most pressing upside and the most technology adoption potential to suit our growth with higher accretive margin and hence to support our margin ambition expansion going forward. We have demonstrated this fairly well in the second quarter. We continue to focus on this selectively. The market internationally remains tight and it favors the best performer from execution and we'll use this to deploy technology, fit-for-basin technology, use our unique integration capability and spice it up, if I may, with digital capability to increase and improve our margin going forward. So that's where we look at what we call quality revenue growth. And indeed, we have taken some measure to further support this by adjusting and relooking at our support structure and where we could and we should adjust to prepare for supporting our growth and adjusting our asset to fit where we see the most resilience going forward. So that has been also contributing and will continue to contribute to margin expansion going forward.
Olivier Le Peuch: It's a longer for better outlook first. It's a market that has multiple legs, as I said. Actually, if I start to list all the deepwater basins currently under production in future FID and future exploration, I think it would be a long list. What characterized this cycle, it is very broad in term of region of the world and deepwater basins that are being either explored and that are being redeveloped. I think there is there are two or three fundamental reasons for this. First and foremost is that, the deepwater assets from be it oil or gas typically geologically very strong asset and advantaged assets. Hence, they received utmost focus and priority when the IOCs are high grade in our portfolio. They typically concentrate on some of these assets, followed by select international independents and some NOCs for which deepwater is their backyard and their center of expertise. We see FID growth, we see exploration growth and we see existing deepwater basin very solid going forward, hence very resilient and multi finger and multi legs, I would say, outlook for deepwater. That's quite unique. It's not one basin. It's constrained by some rig capacity and it's shifting to the right to some extent, but it's longer for better. It's elongating if I would say, as a deepwater market and for the good, because it’s -- we have new basins emerging like Namibia. We have basin being FID like Suriname. We have a lot of explore activity in Asia, many parts of Asia with some gas success and discovery in Indonesia particularly. We still have the hot East Med or Turkey basin and we have new oil being explored in South Angola or in South of Brazil in the new Pelotas Basin. It's all hot and it's very diverse, and not forgetting about the deep formation into the Gulf of Mexico coming back and if not Mexico as well in the South of the Gulf. More work into the future, more bookings in the future, and I think a very key and regional market for us, as we are very exposed to that offshore deepwater.
Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you, Dan. So first, I would comment maybe stepping up on the CCS as a market. I think we see this as a very attractive market for us considering the adjacency on the sequestration and considering the integration capability we have acquired and the technology we have acquired through Aker Carbon Capture. So the market independently and at this point, we see this market growing at more than 50% a year. And I'm very accretive to our growth. And we don't see this slowing down necessarily soon. And obviously, the addition of Aker Carbon Capture give us an opportunity to participate at scaling market where Aker Carbon Capture was not exposed to, partly in North America, where we're getting a lot of inbound requests as we form this combination, unique combination with what we have invested into our own capture technology with carbon capture commercial technology, we are seeing a lot of inbound requests and we have been awarded and part of two DOE-funded projects in North America and another shipping ban request from a company that are exploring and/or pursuing some carbon capture in North America. We see the same in Middle East. This will complement the strong pipeline that Aker Carbon Capture has already developed in Europe with three active projects and most likely more to come. We see that, we will combine our strengths in technology deployment at scale in every basin in the world, combining this with the subsurface sequestration technology leadership we have to offer customers an all in capability from sequestration design execution to carbon capture, combining our technology with the technology of our carbon capture. We are very positive on this and we believe that, as this business will scale, as we will be in a position to add on many new innovation technology on it, this will result into margin expansion and into ability to extract a lot of value from this acquisition.
Olivier Le Peuch: Yes. This is a great question, Saurabh. We are very excited. We are very excited because we believe this is one of the leg of technology deployment that could change the game in the long-term and in the subsea infrastructure deployment. First, because it allows a lower footprint, a smaller footprint, reducing and eliminating hydraulics into the subsea and eliminate -- ultimately eliminating cost. And secondly, allowing full digital control of the subsea infrastructure. And last, obviously, having an impact onto the carbon footprint of this infrastructure. So we believe that for recovery, cost and low carbon, we believe that there is a future for our deepwater all-electric bid on the subsurface. And as you have seen, we you might have seen that we have announced earlier in the year and last year that we have made progress and being awarded several contracts on a completion subsurface all-electric solution. I will continue to lead in this domain and combine it with all-electric subsidiary or subsea infrastructure that then when combined together with the subsurface give us an opportunity to fully digitize and fully control and provide our customers and the operators the ability to optimize recovery and control and optimize the maintenance as well in this field. So that's part of the future of deepwater is electric and we're very pleased to have been awarded this as a result of our consortium actually, [Indiscernible] for other operators. So this will take place in several basins we believe, in particular in Brazil and another place and we'll be ready to deploy this for our customers.
Olivier Le Peuch: No. I think the trend has been up, and I think it has been contributing in line with our ambition for digital growth as the data exploration sales has been a success. And we foresee this to continue to grow going forward in the quarters to come. Sometime, it will be up and sometime it will be slightly down, but we foresee a growth and I think this is driven by the frontier exploration. This is driven by infrastructure led exploration in natural basins and this is driven by new generation of software digital application that can relook an existing basin and extract more value for understanding and finding new hydrocarbon and or new gas finds into the existing basins. So, we're very pleased to have a leading offering both in term of digital capability to repossess existing data sets and also to be able to enhance the vintage data sets and to be having this in the right basin and the right place and parts linked too many of these licensing rounds. You're right to say that, many licensing round expected this year, no less than actually 70 licensing rounds are being announced across many parts of the world and I think some of them have been highly successful. Deepwater has been a success for critical finds and critical hydrocarbon, both oil and gas in the last few quarters and we expect this to continue. There's increased interest into the Apollo pass, which is the last hot spot South of Brazil. You have the Namibe Basin south of Angola, North of Namibia. You have Indonesia, India. You have Bangladesh, you have many, many spots that are being discovered and being explored with fresh data sets and the opportunity to indeed boost and support our participation to this market going forward. I think we will continue to participate and maximize this, and this will be, on occasion, lumpy, but we believe this will continue to grow.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think we have been guiding earlier this year. We remain fit on this guidance that, internationally, we foresee double-digit growth when excluding Aker and Russia. North America, we have been guiding originally positive up to mid-single growth and we have been realizing this down as the North America has been clearly impacted going forward. But, we still have opportunity to grow in the second half and to improve our margin as well in this basin as we adjust our resource and get the most out of deepwater market in Gulf of Mexico as well as our participation with technology intensity in some part of the North American land market. No change international and lower growth in North America, compared to original guidance.
Olivier Le Peuch: I think you may have been reading and don't want to speak on behalf of Saudi Aramco, but I think their commitment to their program to increase gas production by 60% from 2020 is very clear. I think this touched both the conventional and unconventional gas reserve in Saudi. The most visible element of this is obviously the unconventional gas large Jafurah project. You may have seen they've also explored successfully new finds, both oil and gas, in the recent months. So, the country is set to expand in gas to complement their oil capacity, sustained capacity and slight expansion. And we are -- as I said, favorably exposed, and we have reinforced this exposure, strengthened this exposure with our recent wins, as you may have seen in the earnings press release from this morning. So, we're very pleased. But the market is not only one project. The market is not only one aspect. The market is much more diversified in Saudi and furthermore in Middle East. So, we are exposed to many aspects of the Saudi activity, both production and recovery, exploration, CCS, as well as, well construction and production equipment, both offshore and onshore. So we are very -- we have a very diversified exposure to this, and we benefit favorably to the exposure of the growth accelerated growth in Jafurah. So, we're very pleased to where we are. And we are one of the most beneficiary of the accelerated gas expansion as highlighted in our EPR highlights. So that's where we stand.
Olivier Le Peuch: Thank you. Thank you, Leah. So ladies and gentlemen, as we conclude today's call, I would like to leave you with the following takeaways. First, the growth momentum continues with many of our international [GeoUnits] reaching new cycle highs. Combined with the increased adoption of digital technologies, the stage is set for further growth and margin expansion throughout the rest of 2024 and into 2025. Second, in this environment, no company is better positioned than SLB to capture quality growth. Our differentiated operating footprint, leading technical and digital offerings and sustained commitment to operating efficiency and value creation have set us apart throughout the cycle. Moving ahead, we remain favorably positioned in the highest quality area of the market, supported by our differentiated technology deployment, integration capabilities and performance. And third, with a strong first half of the year behind us and full confidence in further international revenue growth, we are optimally positioned to continue our margin expansion journey to generate cash and to fulfill our commitment to return to shareholders both in 2024 and in 2025. This is an excellent environment for our business, and I'm confident that we will continue to deliver outstanding performance for our customers and our shareholders in the quarters ahead. With that, I will conclude this morning's call. Thank you very much for joining.
