David Cordani: A.J. good morning it’s David. So just appreciate the questions. Stepping back we are 100% committed to providing affordable, high quality health and wellbeing services to our customers, patients and clients in the U.S. and across the globe. A key driving force behind our strategic combination with Express Scripts is to further improve on affordability and we built off our strength with another year of outstanding medical cost trend in the Cigna business portfolio of 3.6% six years in a row and just a phenomenal result in the Express Scripts portfolio at 0.4% pharmacy trend. The headline number one is, the proposed rebate rule will not have a meaningful impact on our growth or earnings trajectory. Specifically, as you noted, the proposed rule as will be evaluated over the next 60 days applies to Medicare Advantage and PDP. The mechanisms that exist in terms of the way rates are built up for Medicare Advantage as well as PDP largely by design, flow and respect, the rebates and pass through the way the rates are billed. So we don't see a major implication [ph] to that business portfolio. And then inferred in your comment, it does not apply to the commercial marketplace. We do see some opportunities in the proposed rule as articulated. For example, it provides a mechanism to even further accelerate value based care programs with the pharmaceutical manufacturers. You'll recall from the day we announced our proposed combination on March 8th we talked about that as an important initiative that we passionately believe in. This will provide some further accelerant to that, as well as potentially open up some additional chassis to work with pharmaceutical manufacturers to get better alignment. But big picture, we do not see it having a material effect on the business portfolios configured and are on track to deliver the 17% to 20% EPS growth in 2019.
David Cordani: Josh, first specific to the go-to-market proposition, important to note that each portfolio and each platform is performing well and growing well. We're delighted that we're able to step into 2019 with very strong growth within the ESI portfolio and another year of strong organic growth within the Cigna portfolio. Additionally, important to highlight as it relates to growth as we look even to 2020 within our organization growth starts with outstanding retention, deepening of relationships in addition of new business relationships. Within the Express Scripts portfolio they'll be a lower percentage of their business that's out the bid for 2020 than was for 2019 and you recall a phenomenal retention result for 2019. Think about that as about 30% less business out today for 2020 versus 2019. The early look in that has the health plan part of the portfolio which is the earlier part of the portfolio, that is up for renewal in terms of the decision making process and we're pretty well through that process with all of them clients thus far making decisions renewing and no known losses from that standpoint, so strong platform. We'll step forward through 2019 and 2020 with evolve value propositions to answer the core of your question. Interactions are starting to take place with the broker and consulting community and that will happen in a phased mechanism. There will not be a singular new product offering that is pushed on the market, rather additional capabilities that will offer more choice, both through the legacy of the Cigna distribution model, as well as through the Express Script distribution model, so strong foundation an early look at outstanding retention, stepping into 2020 within the Express portfolio already today and then emerging momentum around expanding choice as we sit here in 2019 with building momentum to 2020.
David Cordani: And Gary, it’s David. I just want to add on and maybe we'll ask Will and team to followup with you afterward. As the new business segments are configured you may recall and I know it's all net new is, a portion of the Cigna pharmacy business for example has moved into the Health Service business, the mail order aspect et cetera, however the integrated aspects of the pharmacy business remain in the Integrated Health portfolio. So we could take that offline with you and follow up to walk through the pieces, but at the end of the day there's solid organic growth in both of those portfolios driven by our retention and expansion relationships and the net new business adds.
David Cordani: Justin, it's David, good morning. You’ve effectively put in about four questions. Let me try to wrap a couple of them together. First, specific to the commercial side of the equation as noted previously, the rebate rules articulated and proposed does not affect the commercial market. As you go back, you're correct. Let's go back and use the numbers that we put out. First, for Express Scripts about 95% of all rebates, discounts, et cetera are passed back. Second, per prior conversation about 50% of all clients within Express Scripts opt for today full pass through rebate models. That covers importantly about two-thirds of the volume. So there's a little disproportionality of that. The net of that is we have multiple funding mechanisms already in hand today and align payment models that work for clients across the commercial health plan and government agency sector that work for them and work for us to get levels of alignment and we'll continue to evolve those over time. Specific to the rebate guarantees, you'll note that we did not call that out as a headwind, stepping back our industry broadly speaking has guarantees as a part of it. Whether that's in the formal nature of a guarantee cost offering, a discount guarantee, a rebate guarantee, a trend guarantee or otherwise and both legacy organizations have a great track record of effectively gaining alignment and managing those on a go forward basis. Lastly, I would just add that Express Scripts had some visibility into the decelerating trend environment as such took appropriate actions with their services contracts. So again, we have not called that out as a headwind.
David Cordani: Steve, good morning it’s David. No, there will not be any impact. We - from the day of the announcement we excluded transitioning clients from all aspects of how we looked at the combination, the business, the outlook, et cetera, but there are no other impacts that you need to be concerned about.
David Cordani: Steve it’s David. First, relative to your broader or big picture question, first by way of background, we've delivered approximately 15% EPS CAGR since 2009, so take 2009 the initiation of our strategy to 2018, we've been above the high end of the articulated 10% to 13% range. Over the next three years, the next chapter of our strategic horizon, we are on track again to deliver 15% EPS accretion on average over the next three years and we look forward to refreshing our long term outlook as we go forward. So we'll have an excess of a decade of 15% EPS growth out performing our long term targets. As it relates to the latter part of your question, all along we understood that we had transitioning clients and we excluded transitioning clients from our EPS outlook, our accretion outlook, et cetera. No one could predict the rate pace and timing of terminations. The termination is an early termination. It creates a temporary dislocation as Eric articulated of approximately $0.40 of EPS or $200 million before tax. Even with that, we're able to deliver 17% to 20% EPS CAGR year-over-year off of a tremendous base in 2018 and we did anticipate it. Hence EVI initiatives are underway, but we're taking those in a paced fashion and we will deliver on the EVI initiatives as well as tremendous organic growth. So those costs will be eradicated. There was just a temporary dislocation that takes place in 2019 and even with that we're able to deliver the 17% to 20% EPS growth.
David Cordani: The way I would think about it Stephen is, we've discussed before, the core accretion fundamentals of the combination remain intact. Hence, we're on target for about $20 to $21 and the core fundamentals of the Cigna business portfolio remain intact. As Eric referenced in the prior question that was asked, if you take the accretion that would have been inferred and date of announcement of mid teens of about a $1.90 you're back off about $0.40 for the temporary dislocation of overhead and you want to back into a build up you're about right there in 2019 and even with that we're delivering to 17% to 20% EPS growth rate. Thanks.
David Cordani: Zach, good morning it's David. So stepping back I'll remind you, today we own and operate our own PBM and successfully done so for many years. We also implemented a successful strategy five, six years ago to break it into modules and to partner with others to perform some of those modules for us, initially Catamaran that transitioned to Optum and it's worked quite well and successfully with Optum as a good constructive partner. Earlier this year we announced an aligned plan and timeframe with Optum in terms of our shared view in terms of an orderly transition that will take place. That positions us in a way to have a very disciplined orderly transition of those services and relationships and there's a good track record of transitioning services to them and transitioning services back to us within their respective modules and that will take place over the next approximate two-year horizon. It will create some significant volume uptake for Express Scripts which is a positive. One way you could think about that is the Cigna volumes on today's basis when internalized within Express Scripts make up order of magnitude $75.00 maybe a little higher 75% of the loss volumes from Anthem. So it is quite significant, but it will take place on a ratable basis over the next couple of years. And again, we have a successful track record of in a very disciplined basis of transitioning services to and from other providers. I hope that helps.
David Cordani: Yes, good morning. The answer to your question is no. We had a very orderly and disciplined process laid out and we have a very successful and growing captive PBM. We have a very successful strategy approach that we've been executing within the captive PBM and a very strong partnership relationship with Optum around shared value delivery. We laid out in a very orderly timeline that allows for a disciplined two-year transition putting our customers front and center and the coordination services with our physician partners. So that timeline and the strategy around that is commensurate what we believed was appropriate and highly aligned with our service provider partner.
David Cordani: I'm not going to get into dates and timing. I think Peter, to the second part of your statement a way to think about the overhead that we articulated before, there are three mechanisms to dispatch of that and it will be removed. First and foremost a very disciplined EVI plan that was laid out and is being executed on an orderly basis; two, good organic growth and then we start 2019 with good organic growth in the Express Scripts portfolio; and third, the very disciplined leverage of the Cigna volumes within the portfolio. All of that will contribute to and the EVI program was put in place to actually take out the cost structure, so we see some additive opportunities as we look to the future from the sustained organic growth and the leverage of the Cigna capabilities.
David Cordani: David, good morning. So to your first question, I appreciate it tremendously and Express Scripts is built in has a proven track record of having a pretty phenomenal mail order fulfillment capability, so it's a service capability that’s aided by quite innovative technologies, patents, et cetera. And we will on a disciplined fashion continue to look at how that core capability that you come back to, potentially could be used and leveraged for other services that benefit customers, patients or clients on a go forward basis and I appreciate the call out. Specific to the clinical integration and clinical leverage, absolutely, absolutely. A core part of what both organizations got excited about from early conversations was the shared leverage. I articulated in the prepared remarks a little bit between leverage around the Accredo capabilities relative to the deep clinical excellence they have coupled with the Home Health coordination services that exist and bringing some of that together. Secondly, from a data set standpoint, the ability to enrich insights for practicing clinicians to more comprehensively understand the life or health needs of patients, and as you articulate within the core Evercore capabilities, there are tremendous opportunities where we are on a focus basis already working through additional step function improvements in the clinical capabilities of the combined Corporation which going back to benefiting our customers and clients and further improving affordability and clinical quality. So yes to both points and we couldn't be more excited on the early traction on the second point already.
David Cordani: Hi, good morning, it is David. We don't have a theoretical EPS answer to the theoretical action you articulate. Stepping back in an attempt to be helpful again about 95% of all discounts and rebates within the Express Scripts portfolio pass-through and shared about 50% of all clients opt for today full pass-through rebate relationships and that equates to - because of the scale of those clients it equates about two-thirds of the volumes and previously indicated Express Scripts retains about $400 million, that's a before tax number. I would add the reason why I think your question is unanswerable is the model continues to evolve. So the evolution of value based contracts and our share direction in terms of continuing to move toward and more comprehensively toward total cost, total value relationships with our clients, whether they are commercial clients, health plan clients or governmental agencies, is the direction that Express Scripts was on. It's the direction of the Cigna, has been on and it's the direction that the combined corporation goes forward on. So those tools and levers continue to evolve and you will see us continue to move away from trying to perceive maximize a single lever as opposed to maximize the overall value which is total cost and total qualities go forward.
David Cordani: Yes, and so just bridge, when you think about today to 2021 we try to articulate there's three major building blocks to get to the $20 to $21 per share. The underlying base performance of both assets, the synergies that Eric just made reference to and you articulated the $600 million before tax synergies and the impact to the P&L of the de-leveraging which were already on board for the de-leveraging path, that's the basic cross-walk between 2018 and 2021. Additional opportunities above and beyond that which we've said are not built into the accretion model are further leverage and enhancements of the growth chassis of the portfolio as we go forward and identify additional opportunities for growth, whether it's net new growth or further deepening of relationships, anything beyond what the core businesses are performing is excluded from that today as well as potential additional value at a shareholder level versus passing back to the customer and clients from the leverage of Express Scripts for the transition of the Cigna portfolio into the Express Scripts portfolio. So the basic cross-walk is base performance, synergies and de-leveraging to get us from 2018 to 2021.
David Cordani: Ana, good morning, it’s David. Let me try on the points to be responsive here. Specifically as Eric has articulated a couple times there's a $112 million of synergies show the synergies we signed up for in 2019, so a step towards the $600 million. You'll note we're being very disciplined. We are making sure that the expenses come out in an orderly basis. We may outpace that, but the business plan and the guidance we've articulated doesn't assume that and with that and with the transitioning client impact, et cetera, we're delivering 17% to 20% of EPS growth. Specifically as it relates to the medical and pharmacy cost synergies and value creation, that will unfold throughout 2019 and 2020 and benefit our clients and customers on a client or customer basis depending on the products, programs and services they have. And I would note that we have very good growth and outstanding retention in all of our business portfolios stepping into 2019. We're going to have another good growth year and I articulated an early glimpse to Express Scripts renewals for 2020 which are tracking very, very favorably right now. As it relates to proof of concept, you should not think about Cigna coming back to you with a net new proof of concept of something De novo we are seeking to build that doesn't exist today as a concept to roll out in the marketplace, rather we are systematically further enhancing the value propositions for our commercial clients, for health plan clients, for governmental agency clients and offering more choice which will unfold in 2019 and 2020 with expanded capabilities and further clinical integration and effective use of data. At our Investor Day we will seek to bring some of those to life with both words, examples, and challenge ourselves to give some tangibility even in terms of some of the supporting technologies and workflows, but it is not a net new concept. The capabilities unfold pretty rapidly throughout 2019 and we will expand additional choice for the benefit of clients and customers as we step into 2020.
David Cordani: Good morning, it's David. On your first question I would ask you not to think about the profitability of those two components. Step away from it. We've excluded the transitioning clients from all aspects of our conversation from the day we announced the proposed combination and the earnings impact of that from an EPS standpoint have been excluded. We have in 2019 this temporary dislocation of overhead that from a full transparency basis we will walk through laid out $200 million before tax and that will be removed from the system in a pretty expeditious fashion and we have multiple levers to address that. But I would ask you not to think about profitability of the Cigna portfolio versus the Anthem portfolio because they're not comparables from that standpoint. As it relates to the individual market, you are correct. We articulated in our third quarter call the fact that, we're quite pleased with the performance of the individual portfolio of businesses. We expected to be profitable in 2018, it is. It has outpaced the high end of our strategic margin threshold and for 2019 planning purposes we believe it's prudent when you look at that program and the design of that program to plan for margins that are more in line with our strategic margin trajectory which is somewhere between 4% and 6% before tax and for 2019 and we've planned for it to be at the higher end of the range which we think is a more sustainable indication of what that portfolio programs. There is nothing systematic beyond in terms of dislocation in that marketplace. We just believed it was appropriate to plan for in view that that marketplace runs in a 4% to 6% before tax margin versus a significant margin that was delivered above and beyond that in 2018.
David Cordani: Thank you. To wrap up our call I'd just like to highlight some key points from our discussion. Cigna delivered substantial earnings and revenue growth across our businesses in 2018. We are committed to broadening our approach to integration which focuses on coordination of services around the individual and their whole person health needs both body and mind. This approach also further expands choice, so access is available anytime anywhere based on our customers and patients needs and preferences. We have a well positioned portfolio of businesses with multiple paths for sustained growth in 2019 and beyond. For 2019 we expect revenue growth, attractive EPS growth, and strong free cash flows, which position us to deliver 15% average annual EPS growth over the next three years and put us on target to deliver our $20 to $21 EPS target for 2021. We thank you for joining our call today and we look forward to our future conversations.
Eric Palmer: Hey Josh, it’s Eric, I'll take the first part of the question. I think to the nearest dollar, $2 is probably the right number that’s actually a little bit less than that, so we think of it in the $1.50 to $2 range in terms of the accretion from the Express Scripts acquisition for next year. David I'll let you take the other portion of the question.
Eric Palmer: It’s Eric. A number of moving pieces in there, so probably not constructive to walk through all of the different kind of ins and outs and dynamics there. Fundamentally, we've got growth reflected in terms of the operations that make up the Health Services segment as well as the Integrated Medical segments there is good growth in both, but really not able to kind of pull the pieces apart on the call today.
Eric Palmer: Justin it's Eric. So I think of the $200 million as the amount stranded in 2019 associated with the transitional time at about $0.40 earnings per share. Ultimately, as that business transitions we will hit those costs out of the system. We're on track for our $20 to $21 in 2021. The final exact timing will play out in terms of cost coming out this year versus next year as the Anthem works through their transition plan and such. But again, think of that as the amount we've estimated for this year that we will absorb and that will need to come out of the system as we go into 2021.
Eric Palmer: That's correct on all fronts, So think about that as almost entirely within the Health Services segment and think about that as in the short term a drag on the cost. It is temporary and we still are on track for our long term expectations there.
Eric Palmer: Kevin its Eric. And so overall think about the $6.2 billion figure that I referenced as all in. So it is comprehensive for the enterprise in terms of capital generated. There will be - the rate and pace of achieving our synergies, the rate and pace of capital investments and the rate and pace of our debt repayment will be the main things that will go into - that come to mind in terms of the kind of the top tier impacts. But we would expect to have in excess of $6 billion for each of the next couple of years available in this framework.
Eric Palmer: Yes, Steve it's Eric. So in terms of the moving pieces with the MLR, I think the industry fee suspension, this is the single biggest piece, the other changes I would call out would be more also factors we've already talked about. So industry fee suspension is the single biggest piece. We've talked about the normalization of our individual plans, margin and then the absence of prior year development in our outlook. Those would be the pieces that would account for the movement from this year into our guidance for next year.
Eric Palmer: Hey Scott, it's Eric. Thanks for that. A couple of headlines that come to mind for me there, so first of all will continue to have good growth momentum in both businesses. We would expect that we will continue to grow in both and the differentiated return to work platform with regard to the disability business continues to services well and again continues to be a growth chassis for us. In the International Markets business, again continue to grow that platform as well. We closed on November 30, on our acquisition of OnePath Life in New Zealand and this is an example of the continued expansion of the International Markets platform and chassis and so continue to move that forward as well, but overall, really no changes to the underlying growth story and the momentum that we've gotten into those businesses.
Eric Palmer: Charles it’s Eric. I'll start with a couple of the pieces and maybe ask David to give some more overall color and commentary. So at a Macro level we continue to be on track with the synergies as assumed and as we discussed back in 2018 and as we disclosed in last quarter last year, the synergies that we put out and that were quantified there, primarily reflect the administrative costs and we had expected that those would occur over multiple years over the first four years of the transaction. We're generating $112 million of pretax administrative synergies for 2019 and that builds to $600 million in 2022. You're correct that we expect to generate meaningful additional improvements, in the pharmacy and medical costs, through the combination both through the clinical combinations and some of the other items as David discussed today. Those benefits will primarily in order to the benefit of our customers and client. As it is again, in terms of the synergy pieces those are the pieces you should think about and we are on track and consistent with how we teed up the transaction initially. David will give some additional color here.
Eric Palmer: Yes David, it's Eric. So maybe I'll take second one first on that. Really just thinking about the $200 million just kind of a timing matter right, so the cost that would have been allocated to the contract they would have been gone away for all the reasons David described earlier in the Q&A session here. I'm thinking about it as timing just because of the earlier transition now that those costs won't be able to be allocated to the volumes that would be going away through there, but think about it that way. On a group wise and disability, we've talked in a number of different calls over time about the variability that can happen on any one line quarter by quarter or things along those lines, but we didn’t call out anything particularly, systemic or anything along those lines, but just that we had favorable life insurance experience and a little bit unfavorable disability experience in the quarter here.
