Thomas A. McCarthy: Yeah Matt again on the commercial MCF if you step back the fundamentals of our commercial results for the year were very strong. Over the course of the year we continued to improve the outlook for the GCNCR, basically reflecting the very good overall medical trend in managed we've had for the year and we ended up with very strong medical cost trend for the total year.  In the fourth quarter we did see some increased variability, with both the large claims and some increased utilization. So we did end up on the high expectations of our -- high range of the expectations for the quarter but as you said more in-line with what we might expect for the performance on that business. And I would point we've previously commented there is potential for some uptick in results and utilization there, so not quite a surprise.  So in addition to the fact that we have a relatively small guaranteed cost block, this variability we see as more in-line with expectations versus the experience we saw in Medicare. 
Thomas A. McCarthy: Chris, it's Tom I would say corporate results actually ran favorably through the whole year in 2013 including some tax items and really what's reflected in the outlook for 2014 is return to a more normal year. 
Thomas A. McCarthy: I think we gave a range in 3Q. So it was a little better in the quarter but not -- that sounds a little high to me but somewhere in that range. 
Thomas A. McCarthy: Well, Justin it's Tom again. In the long term we continue to see this business as kind of a mid-single-digit pretax margin performer. Obviously the pressure we talked about in '14 will be below that and as you pointed out kind of a flattish loss ratio doesn't get us to our target margins given the introduction of the industry fee in 2014. So I don't think we are prepared to quantify exactly where we would end up in 2014 but it will be below our long-term expectation for the business. 
Thomas A. McCarthy: Well I don't think we've -- it's Tom, Scott. I don't think we provide the specific details of revenue growth by segment. But just overall in the commentary that we're expecting continued growth in-line with what we've seen lately in both of those businesses. 
Thomas A. McCarthy: Probably fair in relation to global sup and group, I'll remind you 2013 was a pretty strong margin year. So the revenue might grow a little faster than the after tax profit in group, that's fair. 
Thomas A. McCarthy: Josh you put the puzzle pieces together correctly, this is Tom. First of the year flattish, down 5,000 lives. Full year we expect to grow modestly. 
Thomas A. McCarthy: One other thing on that, Ralph so again to the point of how we are feeling about the health of the business, given the modest growth, obviously there isn't much turnover in lives in our portfolio, so we think we have a pretty good handle on that impact, our outlook is about 10% of our customers will be new to us. And that after you figure out [inaudible] in and out of lives and that compares to about 12% last year, so very consistent with our long term results.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Well and as we reiterated in the prepared remarks, so our first priority in capital deployment of course is to invest to support organic growth. Now the margin profile of our business tends to generate significant capital in excess of what's needed to finance internal growth. So that does give us the opportunity to deploy capital elsewhere.  As we've said many times we like to deploy capital strategically, that would be our preference through M&A or business expansions. Then if we don't find the right opportunities to do that we do return capital to shareholders. We're still using share repurchase as our primary vehicle for returning capital to shareholders. We do regularly revisit dividend policy, but at this point there is no change in that.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Christine, it's Tom. So first a couple of things. Just stepping back, that global MCR does have a lot of moving pieces to it. So the characteristics of the business is the loss ratio versus expense ratio that we have across the broad portfolio are very diverse and even with the experience rate we have different business types that have different MCR levels.  So the movement around in the global result has a number of impacts in it. I would point to you though the headline result here really is the variability in our GC MCR in the commercial business. On the stop loss side we also did have a small change in reserving methodology, that produced some reserve strengthening in stop loss, but overall no material change to the overall for that business.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Again Christine I take you to the bottom line, the bottom line margins really, the variability there is explained by what we talked about and the additional variability within -- the loss, the MCR really is more of a function of business mix. And again different lines of business have different loss ratios even though they have the same bottom line margin contribution. 
Thomas A. McCarthy: Well actually in the fourth quarter as I mentioned we did do a very small stop loss reserving methodology change. So there really was modest negative prior period development in the fourth quarter in commercial. 
Thomas A. McCarthy: Kevin, you speak to a real important point. I am going to answer yes and no. So the difference here is if you enter a new market de novo with no activated physician relationships the time to go from that to a fully activated shared risk is probably too long given the reimbursement environment we operate in.  So it puts a premium on choosing those markets that are both attractive from a senior standpoint and very importantly we have well developed commercial relationships with physician groups in integrated care delivery systems. We are already moving through that activated physician environment. So the opportunity for us is given that we have 86 of them up and running, we have more than our fair share of opportunities in front of us in new market to choose from.  So that's where the opportunity is and we would expect to continue to open new markets building off of the successful the success with the commercial proposition. So it comprises the timeframe where you could go from no activation to fully activated and integrated. And those collaborators will help us accelerate that timeframe. 
Thomas A. McCarthy: Kevin, it's Tom. So PBM is part of the restructuring but I wouldn't to say it's the majority of it or it was never close to all of it. The restructuring included a number of factors. First just some general process improvement and efficiency enhancement throughout the organization. As we mentioned the impact from PBM implementation. We also were able to consolidate some real-estate locations and we had some realignment costs in our overseas operations. So it was a number of things across the organization to better position ourselves to grow and give us success into the investing initiative. 
Thomas A. McCarthy: So we also put the PBM in total just putting Catamaran back in the context the PDM sets off another very strong year for us delivering very good economic outcomes, very good clinical outcomes for the benefit of our customers. Again in terms of how it's going just to remind what we are seeking to do, we are seeking to further improve on the operating platform \to drive the level of flexibility that's necessary to innovate for the future, further improve the underlying cost of goods sold for the pharmacy business as well as administrative expenses.  We've set ourselves a target for 2015 of about $0.50 EPS accretion and 2014 as a transition year is progressing well. 
Thomas A. McCarthy: A.J., it's Tom I mean our share repurchase program tends to follow periodic pattern of repurchase. There is really no this particular signaling and decisions we make there and obviously we don’t give any guidance to future repurchase activity. 
Thomas A. McCarthy: Yeah, Ana stepping back on global sup, obviously 2013 was very strong year, right, 27% revenue growth and 24% earnings growth, both very strong metrics. The revenue growth split about 50-50 between acquisitions and organically. So kind of the run-rate revenue growth in '13, excluding the inorganic activity was in the range of the long term expectation we had in the mid-teens. And that's again what we would expect to normally see in global sup going forward.  Our earnings projection for '14 is a little bit wide of that but keep in mind '14 has some start-up activities going on in it that tend to contribute over the longer-term but well within the range of what we might expect in that business and we are very comfortable with our positioning in these fast growing markets overseas. 
Thomas A. McCarthy: Yeah Carl it's Tom, again different perspectives on different things you are trying to triangulate. It sounded like you were going sequential quarter three to quarter four. While I haven't done the math to reconcile the 90 million that you point out, we do expect pretty much heavy fourth quarter now an uptick in medical claims due to the [weather] impact. And I suspect that's what's underlying the math that you're seeing although again I haven't done the math that way to figure it out.  Again the headline on the medical cost results in the fourth quarter in commercial is as we've talked about some variability due to large claims and an uptick in utilization. 
Thomas A. McCarthy: Carl, it's Tom again. A good deal of that Medicare MCR increased also related to revenue pressure both as sequestration worked in over the year, risk adjusters adjusted over the course of the year. So those things we would expect to normalize out and the issue we're focused on is making sure we can get the medical costs under control. 
David M. Cordani: Matt it's David, it's less utilization, so the way we think about it, it's a combination of mix and services, causing an increase in either cost for admit or cost per episode of care. So it's manifesting itself more in terms of the, I will call it billing aspect as opposed to the utilization aspect. 
David M. Cordani: I am going to say Mathew, yes but so acuities I think if our clinicians would hear they would say the acuities and diagnosis spiking up, and I have to say we don't have the data to say that. The costs per episode of care are going up, and we see the impact of that in many geographies. But we don't see the one-for-one in terms of the acuity or the, I'll call it, severity of illness changing one-for-one with that. 
David M. Cordani: Justin, it's David. Let me start. First you used the term capitation. So I am going to use a different term, right. We have aligned physician relationships with our more shared risk relationships. So capitation tends to be a risk transfer as opposed to shared risk. But stepping back and following your logic, to my prior comment, what we've seen is the facility cost pressure is in multiple geographies, the performance or variance that we are experiencing is different.  So to your point in the less engaged or less aligned reimbursement models we're seeing more variability or more of a financial impact. In the most aligned models we're seeing less variability and less impact. So you are seeing the impact of your term capitation, I'll use risk alignment. Additionally as we looked into 2014 from a growth standpoint our net either new business adds or new business beliefs were stronger in the integrated markets or the highly aligned physician markets as opposed to the less integrated or less physician aligned. So we see that variability playing through but the macro point here is that the facility-based cost structure is in multiple geographies.  As it relates to 2014 the headline is this in our outlook and projection will create margin pressure or a decrement to Medicare Advantage margin 2014 relative to 2013. And even with that taken into as a whole of the diversification of our business we are able to grow earnings in 2014. 
David M. Cordani: Good morning, Scott, it's David. So as for the public exchange as you recall we've been open but highly focused, meaning open to the marketplace but highly focused. So to remind you we are in five states and a limited number of specific markets within those states. At a macro level our experience to date has been in-line with lot of the headlines that you have seen and we've seen with the lower all-in overall addition or adoption rate therefore lower covered lives and with an older base.  To put in context about half of the business we put on for January 1 came through the exchange and the half of the business came through off-exchange. As it relates to the makeup of the business think about the majority of our on-exchange business being in the silver plan. Think about a little variability in terms of the mix versus our assumption in terms of a little older mix relative to population.  Those who've bought on-exchange about 75% of them were subsidy eligible. And then finally to your last piece of your question we assume for this portfolio of business that this will not be a profit driver or a money maker for us in 2014 at this point. 
David M. Cordani: Good morning Josh, it's David. Just a moment of backdrop, as we said before, we view the private exchange environment is in the early stages of innovation and these markets have the potential for creating sustainable models on a go-forward basis. To-date we've focused on -- our energies on a number of the exchanges and those that most closely aligned with the needs of our current and target clients.  Also as you may have recently seen we announced and launched our own proprietary exchange when we made that public announcement this week. Specific to your question I mean as we anticipated 2014 has a small impact for Cigna from an exchange standpoint both inflows and outflows. You can net them together and see if there is a diminished impact, think of tens of thousands of customers, not hundreds of thousands of customers with some new business adds and some losses in terms of the exchange netting to a small number that is not a needle mover for our membership, and slightly biased to the ASO but not limited only to ASO in terms of the movement in terms of how we're playing. 
David M. Cordani: Ralph, good morning, it's David. Just I'll give you a little color on the multiple questions you have there. First as we noted before we saw impact beginning to manifest itself in 2013, tied to facility-based costs and from our point of view the pressure that's being put back on the hospital systems as it relates to reimbursement pressure from the government we see making its way through the system and most notably in Medicare.  As I noted before not utilization but mix of reimbursement for the services, either per episode or kind of mix of acuity in terms of the billing as it relates to services. On a go-forward basis there is a number of actions that we're focused on driving in terms of our business to position us for 2015. Having said that we've taken a more cautious view of our outlook for the Medicare business and factored that into our outlook for 2014. As it relates to the gross, the gross net lives think about our gross for 2014 overall, Tom just summarized it, over the year we'll grow somewhat in Medicare Advantage, a bunch of moving parts there. We'll have organic growth in the first quarter of the year, offset by some strategic market exits. We've also entered two new markets in 2014. As we look at the make-up of our net losses and net gains, our growth profile is stronger in the integrated care delivery markets as well as those markets that have the most mature physician engagement model and some other markets that have less mature physician engagement models or less engaged physicians, we took a little bit more cautious approach relative to our product positioning in an effort to protect the margin sustainability, hence we lost some lives there. So net, there is not a single churn answer. It varies by market, I will ask Tom to expand on that. 
David M. Cordani: Ralph I'll comment on M&A and I'll ask Tom to talk to us about the overall capital deployment priorities. As it relates to M&A, no major change in posture for us. We continue to view that we are strategically and financially attractive. There are three major categories of M&A opportunity that continue to be attractive for us. First, further expansion of our global footprint in global portfolio capabilities.  Second, U.S. seniors and/or duals capability that enable us to serve the growing duals population, and third our retail-based capabilities that allow us to better deliver more personalized solution distribution service capabilities, et cetera. So that kind of portfolio of priorities has not changed for us and if you look back over the last several years you can see we've been disciplined in terms of staying in those categories.  I'll ask Tom to elaborate a little bit more to the capital deployment priorities because as he referenced in his prepared remarks we will have a significant amount of free cash flow and capital to deploy in 2014.
David M. Cordani: So consequentially you could have some puts and takes within the various experience-rated different funding types. The loss ratio as reported in that aggregate loss ratio will move but the margin profile does not. And the headline that Tom is delivering is the important one which is the underlying margin profile of the discrete businesses is strong and intact in carrying into the new year. I also would flag it otherwise, also it's the reason while we caution not to overly analyze that aggregate parts because there is so many moving parts in it. 
David M. Cordani: Kevin, good morning, it's David. There is two different sets of actions that are currently being actively worked, and again as I referenced before, they are going to be different depending on the market type. So our integrated markets versus our highly activated physician markets versus our less activated physician markets.  But as you think about bucket number one it's to further accelerate our timeframe to move less activated physicians to more activated and get them into the shared risk model or on a more accelerated basis deal with call in from the network. So that's buffer number one. And in those markets over the near-term I would say more comprehensively use traditional medical management and cost tools which you typically don't use in the more activated physician market. So that's bucket of actions number one,  Bucket of action number two around the facility side, several different actions. One is to seek for outright reimbursement activity to adjust to reimbursement levels contractually with the facilities. Absent your ability to do that seek to use the activated physicians to guide their patients to higher value facilities and lever free standing surgery centers where appropriate where the value is best.  And then finally if you are not able to get to the desired outcome as we are looking towards on the 2015 environment be willing to remove an underperforming facility from the network still obviously delivering network adequacy.  So all those actions are being worked. We believe you take in the -- an informed view of the earnings for 2014 into our outlook when stepping down our outlook here and our margin expectations but you hit the nail on the head on getting as much visibility into it as possible as we go into the second quarter for the bid cycle. And we believe we'll make some good traction in these actions. 
David M. Cordani: Kevin the only add I would give you to that is we have now a track record over the last four plus years in terms of continuing to seek efficiency and effectiveness gains in part folding that back into our investment portfolio to continue to invest that into new markets, new capabilities. And in part taking to shore up the expense ratio on a run rate basis in terms of the improvement you've seen year-over-year.  And this is a continuation of that good progress the organization has driven. 
David M. Cordani: A.J. it's David. So I think macro, you have the right picture here. When we provided the comments after the third quarter we said we expect the organization to grow both revenue and earnings albeit at a lower rate than our historic run rate.  I mean as we look at 2014 our opinion of that is when you take that 2013 results that we're rather proud of, when you back out the prior year reserve development because we don’t project any we jump off of a base of about 1.85 and we've given the range of 1.9 to 2, I mean that's a base that we believe is attractive.  The only think that changed in a while is what we've spent the time on this morning, is that our assumption on a perspective basis is that the medical cost pressure in Medicare will continue into 2014. So that reduces our Medicare Advantage expectation. But with the breadth of our portfolio we're still able to harness the overall strength of the portfolio and still delivering attractive revenue result on an organic basis, still delivering attractive overall earnings result and to remind you we don’t project any reserve development in our outlook and we're not projecting any further capital deployment beyond what Tom referenced.  So all in we think it's an attractive result for 2014 off of a very strong 2013. 
David M. Cordani: Well, Ana, good morning it's David. I think you put about 16 questions in to that. So I am going to take the first part. You probably framed -- of the underlying earnings performance and the earnings trajectory and the drivers of that. So I will take that piece of it. And then I am going to ask Tom to take the global sup component of your question.  When you think about 2013 just to put it back in context, for 2013 we successfully executed and delivered 11 and 11 from the top line and the bottom-line and 13% for the EPS and we were able to increase our outlook each quarter and we feel great about the overall year acknowledging the fourth quarter pressure on Medicare Advantage.  Looking to 2014 in a marketplace that's going to have a series of headwinds, including MA for the marketplace, including us -- our assumption of no prior reserve development, we are running off the limited benefit business which previously we gave you context to say that's about $30 million of earnings or so and that's still in the right trajectory. As well as in 2013 we delivered a medical cost that was superior to the underlying assumption. So we had positive spread from our ratings.  Looking to 2014 we don't make those assumptions. So in 2014, you have tailwinds which include ongoing organic growth in a very challenging market and we have a track record of delivery of that. Two, ongoing expense leverage, which we have a track record of delivery. And three, contributions from further strengthening of our PBM.  Taken as a whole we will generate organic earnings growth and organic revenue growth that we see as competitively attractive in a disruptive environment. And we believe positions us with strength as the marketplace conditions change somewhat to be able to continue to grow both our U.S. healthcare business, our global healthcare business, our global sup business our disability business as-well-as the seniors business as we get repositioned.  As it relates to deal, I will comment very briefly relative to that and kick you back to Tom on the global sup question you specifically asked. You see in our past track record we've been targeted and opportunistic relative to acquisitions that make good strategic and financial sense.  We've been very consistent in terms of where we see the category of assets we are attracted to and we will be disciplined relative to that, but our underlying organic earnings growth rate is what will drive the organization and very importantly, a level of free cash flow production because of the profile of our businesses that's going to be very attractive, no matter how we seek to deploy it for shareholder value creation. I'll ask Tom to talk a little bit more about global sup. 
David M. Cordani: Ana what we've seen to-date as it relates to self-insured that's been a continuation for us. So when you look at where there is indication the bulk of the regional segment and we define the regional segment quite broadly, it's the larger segment of business that we run in our company today. Employers are 250 to 5,000 employees and large single site, single state piece of the business, the bulk of that is self-funded.  Interestingly when you go down to the select segment, our fastest growing segment 50 to 250 employees and we've seen systematically growth of penetration of the self-funded capabilities. So Ana thinking about on that trajectory wise a few years ago you would had less than 50% of the new sales being self-funded and more than 50% of the sales being risk of guarantee cost, a year and half ago it was approached the 50-50 most recently it's 70% or so is self-funded and but still a full 30% of it being guaranteed cost and we're able to offer successfully both of those alternatives.  So both parts are attractive but the self-funded continues to do well largely because it's a highly transparent funding mechanism that allows us to align our incentives and the employer's incentives, give a level of visibility with them monthly and quarterly to actively manage their care programs, their health improvement programs. 
David M. Cordani: Andy, it's David and just at a macro level and as Tom noted in his prepared remarks 2013 coming in favorable to 5% with that back in context we have several years in a row of competitively very attractive medical cost stream and as Tom noted with 85% of our book of business being self-funded those clients and employees benefit directly from that As it relates to looking forward for 2014 what we're projecting somewhat of an uptick to that trend. So will go below five to five to six, so to the mid-point of little greater than the 50 basis points you made reference to. But the major headline in there is we've been still making some assumptions that some of the utilization pattern will uptick slightly.  There is no major category changes that are sea changes in there, little percentage but no major category sea changes in there for the commercial population. 
David M. Cordani: Sure, David. To context and come back to some of the prepared remarks. Well again the collaborative accountable care as we call them are still in the early stages of development. We are really pleased in terms of the amount of growth we have seen in those. So 50% growth year-over-year in number of customers that are experiencing it of about 400,000 lives going from a base of 800,000 to about 1.2 million, both seniors as well as commercial. Growth in collaboratives going from low 50s to mid-80s in terms of number of collaboratives. To the core of your question proof points, we are able to see now in some of the more mature collaboratives a meaningful improvement in both clinical quality engagement and cost.  So then it comes down to the ability to move trend is you really see trend move for employers that are higher utilizers of those collaboratives. So we have high concentration coming through to the benefit of some of those collaboratives. And with at a density of 80 plus collaboratives we have the ability in some markets to offer a network constellation that will have just the collaboratives or an incented collaborative model where the employer can make the decision to more aggressively steer their employees in that direction.  So headline is meaningful growth, still early but meaningful growth in terms of lives, physicians, collaboratives. Two, the exciting news is the proof points we would say off of an open access high performance clinical model, another step function in cost improvement and clinical quality because of the customer-physician engagement and that's really what that matters. And then driving now in a density where some employers could really benefit from using just collaboratives or highly intensive collaboratives that's the next stage what we are driving towards right now. 
David M. Cordani: Well I think you're right. Disability did perform really well in 2013. And as you pointed it's been operating in a very challenging environment over the last few years given the low interest rate and high unemployment. And we are, all are hoping both of those are normalizing and within that time frame through our focus on health and productivity produced great results that allowed us to mitigate a great deal of the environmental pressure and the fundamentals of our productivity in the world return to [work tools] in that business are very strong.  So as you say going into 2014 the background is improving market conditions and investment results. We are expecting to have another strong year. 
David M. Cordani: Thanks. So to wrap up I just want to emphasize a few key points from our discussion this morning. Cigna's full year results were strong and include earnings and revenue growth from each of our business segments, continuing our track record of strong financial result for the fourth consecutive year.  Our outstanding performances, made possible by the passion and focus of our 35,000 colleagues who are deployed around the world. And our Go Deep, Go Global, Go Individual strategy has enabled us to grow over the long-term in the midst of environment that continues to undergo considerable change and disruption. By leveraging our flexible and transferable capabilities across the globe which include our ability to have a deep understanding of our customers, use of complicated distribution and physician capabilities, we will continue to compete and win in the global markets for the benefit of our customers, clients and shareholders.  And based on this we are confident in achieving our full year outlook for 2014. And we remain committed to our long-term EPS growth outlook of 10% to 13%. We want to thank you for joining us this morning and your continued interest in Cigna. And we look forward to continue our dialog with you as the year unfolds. 
