Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Yeah, Matt. It's Eric. I'll start. With respect to the growth that we delivered in the quarter, as David noted in his prepared remarks, again, this is our eighth year of consistent growth in terms of organic commercial enrollment. We approach the market with growth in both self-funded and commercial risk products and really work to ensure that we've got the best funding arrangements for the needs of our clients and customers. Overall, I would point to the increasing recognition of the trend in the cost performance that we've been able to generate for our clients across all the funding arrangements as the primary driver of our success in the growth cycle coming into this year. And we've had good growth in both self-funded and risk products to show for it.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Our growth continues to come primarily from the Select and Middle-market segments. And those segments do tend to be spread more throughout the year, so we're optimistic about the trajectory for additional growth across all of our funding arrangements in those segments over the balance of the year.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: A.J., it's Eric. I would just note we're really pleased with the strong start that we've had to the year. I wouldn't call out anything in particular in terms of dynamic there, other than just it's early in the year. We're pleased with the momentum that we've got and excited about the opportunity to be raising our guidance over the balance of the year at this point, but nothing else I'd call out in particular.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: A.J., I wouldn't call it anything unusual in terms of acuity or anything along those lines. Our medical cost trends are performing consistent with our expectations and the guidance that we set back when we provided 2018 guidance in February. We continue to be in the range of 4% to 5% which we think is a great result for the year.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Hey, Josh. It's Eric. Just on the MLRs, as David noted, we're really pleased with the performance that we delivered in the first quarter here. Would expect that that would follow, I'll say, a normal seasonal pattern as we move throughout the course of the year, I mean, ultimately, the Commercial loss ratio for the full year landing in the 77.5% to 78.5% range that I talked about in my prepared remarks. We think that's a great result and we're on track to deliver it.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Yeah. Josh, on the Life businesses, is just a pretty plain vanilla group, employer-sponsored and voluntary life set of products where employees may elect additional coverage, things along those lines. There's some variability in this from period to period. We saw higher claims in the month of March specifically, but have seen the month of April, for example, has been right back to where we were expecting. So again, we do just see variability from time to time in this business and I would note that as the driver for the results in the first quarter here.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Kevin, it's Eric. We reported favorable prior-year development in both the Commercial and the Government businesses, skewed more on the Commercial side or end of the book. But the Commercial book is quite bit bigger than the Government book as well. And so again, nothing I would call out as particularly notable or anything along those lines. Again, pleased with the performance in both so far, year to date, and the visibility that we had to the outlook for the full year on a Government basis led us to lower the loss ratio there. But again, overall, good momentum in both.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Yeah. Steve, it's Eric. Couple of dimensions to that. So, first of all, with respect to deductibles and the like, I wouldn't actually call out a particular change in terms of the overall book of business and such. Our customers in 2018 have about the same cost sharing as they had in 2017, and there hasn't been a pronounced shift there. In any given year, there's different dynamics as the terms of the seasonality of the quarterly pattern of the loss ratio evolves, as you think about the impact of the amount of stop-loss in the portfolio, the amount of the Commercial business, the timing of the sales and the makeup of the individual book of business. But again, overall, pulling those pieces together, we think we're well on track for the strong result that we've communicated previously.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Sure. So, as we noted coming out of 2017, we delivered a particularly strong trend result in 2017, finishing the year at 3%. We did note that we assumed and expected a bit of a utilization uptick coming into the year. Overall, wouldn't call out anything particular in terms of areas of increase and such, but more that we were just making sure that we had an outlook that was allowed for a bit of an uptick relative to 2017. As you think about the different service categories and such, overall, would continue to note inpatient and outpatient both in kind of that mid-single-digit sort of a range, but all consistent with the outlook that we provided three months ago.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Yeah, Steve. It's Eric. Overall, I would just say it's early in the year, and I think that we're off to a good start. But I would note it's early in the year, so again, nothing along those lines. As I noted in one of the other answers, just the impact and the size of the Government business. We had visibility given the PYD that we've delivered, and the track record or the results in the first quarter led us to lowering that ratio. But, again, nothing else that I would call out underneath the numbers. Just early in the year and again, off to a good start.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Dave, it's Eric. Nothing I would note in particular, I think. Over the balance of the year, we would expect to have growth in the Select and Middle-market segments across a range of funding arrangements. We'd also expect the individual book will attrit consistent with the normal pattern over the balance of the year until you pull those pieces together and you get to the range that we've talked about. Again, we're pleased with the early momentum that we've got from a customer base perspective and from a growth perspective, but just that kind of evolution of the mix of funding arrangements over the back half of the year, that lands you still at the 7% to 8% growth.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Yeah, the flu season overall, we had pretty good visibility into when we provided our guidance back at the beginning of February. It played out pretty consistent, so I would note it as a variance kind of one way or the other in terms of our performance so far this year or in our outlook.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: The decline of the PBM lives for the first quarter was primarily driven by the loss of a large national account relationship. Looking over the balance of the year, I'd expect pharmacy lives to grow as it's a key element of the integrated offering that we have in our Select and Middle-market segments. And obviously, the combination with Express scripts will position us to even more effectively serve those clients on an integrated or on a stand-alone basis.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Frank, I appreciate the question. The dynamics here, I would call, would be all kind of normal things. But I would note the following in terms of things that will shape the seasonal pattern over the balance of the year. First is just the normal seasonal impact of deductibles and the normal impact of things like Part D and the like. And with the deductibles, in particular, as you know, as you move throughout the year, those have an upward increase on the cost end of things, one. Two is the rate and pace of spending on our capabilities, including the impact of some of the investments that we've talked about in terms of tax reform and those sorts of things. We expect that those will come in over the back part of the year, as well as spending on our readiness for January 2019 selling cycle. And then, third would just be the impact of the 2019 industry fees suspension that'll come back out of rates as we get closer to the 2019 timeframe and such. And so, again, we've seen this dynamic in the past when the industry fee comes and goes in terms of the impact that it has on the seasonal pattern and the like. Those would be the things I'd encourage you to think about as you look at the overall pattern. But again I'd reiterate, off to a great start this year and really confident in our ability to deliver the results and the guidance that we put forward.
David M. Cordani: So first and foremost, we're excited to be back in the growth mode in our Seniors business. For 2018, we expected to turn the business back from a growth orientation and we expect to build some of that growth momentum throughout the rest of this year. We started with very strong retention results and starting to add some new sales. Specific to 2019, the team is excited. We're well-positioned for 2019. We're also oriented around further geographic expansion in 2019, 2020, and 2021 as we look forward. So the team's on their toes right now and we're excited to restart that growth engine with some increasing momentum.
David M. Cordani: Gary, good morning. You're correct. We continue an open dialogue consistent with our culture. I think first off, big picture, stepping back, shareholders recognize the fact that Cigna has had and continues to have, as evidenced by this quarter, a consistent strong track record of success, momentum, growth, and earnings growth, so understanding the strategic accelerant that is either perceived to be necessary or being pursued. Second piece of the conversation is just a rapidly evolving environment and better understanding how the additional capabilities position us not just for today's business but the evolution of tomorrow's business. And in those conversations understanding that further improvement of medical cost or affordability is mission critical. We've put forth the strategic objective of further stepping down medical cost trend from our industry-leading levels as a strategic objective for the future at a CPI level, because we think that's what the market demands and that's what is possible with a well-run organization. And then helping the market understand the fact that we're going to deliver outstanding financial results even without the revenue synergies we've talked about. So putting that whole picture together, I think the appreciation for the strategic value, the financial value and the forward-looking strategic flexibility and optionality is being better understood today.
David M. Cordani: Josh, good morning. It's David. Let me start talking about the market and the, I'll call it, the acceptance and the trends relative to the product, and then ask Eric to expand a little bit relative to just our outstanding result for the quarter and how it unfolds. First, more broadly, as you know, 85% of all of our Commercial lives are ASO and we like the transparent funding mechanism to drive alignment. So it comes all the way back to the philosophy of driving alignment with the employer, greater transparency and the dynamism that happens throughout the course of the year to be able to work with the employer to try to optimize results for their employees, our customers. Stop-loss is an important part of that portfolio as you come downmarket to provide peace of mind and predictability relative to the cost outcomes and we've been doing this for a long, long time. Secondly, as we've discussed before, we've talked about the fact that the evolution of the transparent funding mechanisms continued to be broader accepted in the marketplace beyond the legacy of middle-market, but the broader market continues the option and we see that trend moving forward. And lastly, we have expected over time to see additional competition coming to this marketplace. That's a good thing because it's reinforcing of the tremendous demand for this product and service. We like the fact that we have a dedicated unit, dedicated technology, dedicated resources and very importantly, continued investment in innovation and services around the expansion, if necessary, to drive this on a go-forward basis. So we see an optimistic future for this portfolio as we look to future. I'll ask Eric to give you some color relative to our very strong MLR and how it shapes over the rest of the year.
David M. Cordani: Kevin, it's David. So a couple different dimensions to your question. First and foremost, let me start with the basic chassis and that is the fact that Express continues to deliver strong performance to their clients that they serve each and every day, as evidenced by their very strong retention rates. So you come back in a dynamic market of servicing commercial employers, sophisticated health plans, governmental agencies, strong retention rates are reinforcing a high-value creation. The second piece to the core of your question, the whole notion relative to the earnings profile, the sustainability of the earnings, just to spend a moment on that, it's clear that Express has a strong margin profile relative to its traditional competitors. Unlike their traditional competitors that they're benchmarked against, Express Scripts is focused in the pharmacy space exclusively and, as such, doesn't have other lines of business to, kind of, cross margin against or otherwise. Additionally, the market better understands through some of the disclosures that have taken place in the ongoing dialogue that Express' portfolio of business is a little different. So a broad commercial portfolio, but that commercial portfolio has both large national accounts and smaller national accounts and therefore the margin profile is little different from that standpoint. Secondly, that they have a broad services portfolio they offer to the marketplace that doesn't correlate to the facilitation of prescriptions being fulfilled, yet they have the revenue and earnings from that. Hence, it makes the margin profile per script look a bit higher. So a little better visibility into that from the filings that have taken place. But at the end of the day on a go-forward basis, whether it's legacy Cigna, legacy Express, or anybody else, the ability to capture value for the shareholders is totally predicated on the ability to deliver value for clients and customers. And the visibility relative to just the sheer size and the impact of pharmacy, specialty pharmacy, medical, behavioral being better coordinated to deliver an outstanding cost and quality outcome, we believe, is being better understood, because that's the fundamental market need. And the combined company's going to have the ability to take market-leading trend already and step it to another level, which is going to be key to being able to deliver value to clients and customers and, as a result, capture value for the benefit of shareholders. And to me, that's the core of the dialogue.
David M. Cordani: Justin, good morning. It's David. First I appreciate the callout relative to significantly differentiated. And just come back, as Eric and I noted, we have eight years of growth in the commercial space and it's been disciplined growth. Coming back to the geographies, anchor back to our Go Deep or Go Deeper orientation first and foremost. We seek to be higher focused geographically. Second, it's really imperative to anchor this back, as Eric articulated before, off of the multiple years of differentiated medical trend delivery. Third, as we've discussed in the past, we have continued to pour significant resources into innovation of products, programs and services. For example, the Cigna One Guide offering that was rolled out in 2017 to 2 million customers. In 2018, we'll have 4 million customers being serviced by that. So an evolving chassis through that dimension. And lastly, as you may recall, we profiled in our Investor Day – and as Will noted in his opening comments – we profile that our view was that we had significant headroom, for example, in the 251 to 500 life employer space. And we reoriented and aligned the team relative to that and expanded our density of orientation. And we saw meaningful progress in the 250 to 500 space as well. Broadly speaking, by way of funding mechanism philosophy, our team uses our broad portfolio, from ASO, ASO stop-loss, shared returns and guaranteed costs, and we're really pleased with what the team was able to deliver with outstanding retention and good new business adds.
David M. Cordani: Justin, it's David. First, consistent with our past dialog, we have not viewed nor have we seen that the implementation of the HIF, pausing the HIF, re-implementation of the HIF, et cetera. We've had the posture that that doesn't change the purchasing patterns broadly. It doesn't change what and philosophically how an employer's going to buy. You're either going to orient around transparency or not, you may get a little movement on the margin. So point one. Point two is we've invested meaningfully into evolving our portfolio of services with dedicated platforms, dedicated distribution resources, dedicated client management resources and evolving the products, programs and capabilities. And we like our portfolio of services. To the point you made, we have not had a pricing philosophy change. Our pricing philosophy is very consistent, as evidenced by our really strong client retention levels to come back to delivering on our promises and delivering an outstanding medical cost trend.
David M. Cordani: Ralph, good morning. It's David. So, relative to 2019, your question points toward mostly, essentially, the national accounts marketplace, so a little color there. Before I give you color, just to remind everybody, we define national accounts a bit differently than our competition. So, for us, a national account is a commercial employer with 5,000 or more employees that are multi-state. So, our focus is very clear there. Specifically, relative to point-in-time today versus point-in-time last year, the amount of RFPs we have to look at are about equal year-over-year and the portion of our portfolio that's out to bid is about equal year-over-year. So, we see consistency through the volume. The only double click-down I would give you there is still the intensity and momentum of the market looking for just proven incentive engagement-based programs, further evolution of proven points of integration to deliver step functions of affordability, health improvement, productivity improvement. That intensity just continues to mount over time and we're well-positioned to step up to those opportunities.
David M. Cordani: Yes. So, Ralph, two dimensions there. Dimension number one, to be clear, we continue to perform well in national. We pick our spots because what we're looking for is the philosophical alignment with what the employer is seeking to do and we try to go really deep in those relationships. And you may recall from our prior conversation, we value the depth of the relationships and the cross-selling and the integration of services, and we've seen continued further deepening of those relationships. And that enables us to deliver outstanding medical costs, that enables us to deliver strong retention and further expand those relationships going forward. We grew our national accounts relationships in 2017, and we see the opportunity to continue to grow both in the traditional marketplace as well as importantly on a targeted basis on the private exchanges. Specific to the second part of your question, think about a 10% to 15% overlap, hence, flip it around the other way, massive opportunity. And we've talked about those opportunities in the past between the Cigna and the Express portfolio of relationships. So, we see tremendous upside and opportunity there.
David M. Cordani: Ana, good morning. It's David. Our dialogue with clients as well as brokers, and we've had significant interaction post the announcement, macro, favorable reaction. Why favorable reaction? Expansion of capabilities to further improve affordability, expansion of services and flexibility of offerings, so very positive. You may recall as we've talked about the additional uptick from a revenue standpoint that the new franchise will be able to deliver beyond the base case of both organizations. We did identify the ability for further uptick within the legacy of Express as it relates to additional growth opportunities. Additionally, in a prior question, I indicated the modest amount of overlap in the relationships that exist today. So, big picture, I'd say energy and optimism, twofold. One, the ability to further step up and further deliver differentiated affordability, which is job number one. And secondly, the broadening of services that will be available through either side of the channels, whether it's the integrated medical or the services-based offering, both being received very favorably in the market.
David M. Cordani: Ana, it sounds like you're trying to negotiate a rate renewal with us right now, but specific to your question, you're correct. And to be very clear, it's important. We've committed the expense in administrative-oriented synergies back from a shareholder standpoint and we were clear on the date of the announcement. We expect to flow the preponderance of all the medical and pharmacy savings back to customers and clients because we seek to drive further step function and affordability. As you might imagine, that intent and that strategic direction is being received favorably in the marketplace and we look forward to being able to carry that forward as quickly as possible there after closing the combination. So, we couldn't be more excited about it to further build on the affordability momentum we have today with yet another step function of good value for the benefit of clients and customers.
David M. Cordani: Peter, good morning. It's David. First, macro, we don't have that data point disclosed. Stepping back, you identify a future growth opportunity that is not lost on us in any way, shape or form. So, we continue to be excited and optimistic around our Medicare Advantage growth chassis, both in the individual market as well as the opportunity over time relative to the group space. We have not pursued that, as you noted. We have stayed focused in an incredibly Go Deep orientation to drive the individual chassis but, over time, we see a significant opportunity there. We're clearly aware of what that number is. We just don't have that number disclosed and we see that as a future growth opportunity for us.
David M. Cordani: Experience has been pretty stable and we don't see disruption relative to our customer base at this point in time.
David M. Cordani: Dave, macro, generally speaking, no. Over time, we expect to see that as a potential. We see it more as an opportunity than not. We believe the more choice, partnered, open-access framework and the alignment around that is superior based upon needs and buying behaviors so long as the cost quality equation is there and we've been able to prove an outstanding cost quality equation. So, big picture, to-date, no. See it as a potential change in the future and we think that change creates more opportunity for us than not.
David M. Cordani: Good morning, Lance. So, you recall we have a very clear set of priorities relative to M&A. Your question was premised on what we have to add. We will be extremely well-positioned post the combination and we're excited for that. We remain focused in terms of five categories of M&A so long as they are strategic as well as financially attractive. And to remind you, they further our global footprint, they continue to perform quite well, further our U.S. seniors capabilities, further our physician engagement and pharmacy capabilities, further our retail base capabilities and over time, expand our state-based risk program capabilities. So, our orientation, if you look back, has been very consistent with the five priorities we put forward. We don't prioritize one over the other. We dynamically seek to identify the best opportunity in any of those categories as the marketplace evolves and we'll continue to be optimistic around that.
David M. Cordani: Yeah. Lance, thanks. It was referring to the pharma manufacturers in terms of opportunities for alignment opportunities for value creation, et cetera. So, coming back to orientation around partner of choice, coming back to orientation around driving value-based outcomes, we believe it's imperative in the next chapter of health care in the United States to find some of the success that the marketplace has seen and we have seen in aligning incentives around collaboratives, or otherwise, with physicians or hospitals carrying that same philosophy much more deeply and much more comprehensively into the pharmaceutical manufacturing environment because, again, the cost curve cannot continue to be borne by society. And we see a tremendous opportunity to step-function the value creation for clients and customers working with forward-looking pharmaceutical manufacturers. That was the intent of that comment.
David M. Cordani: Thank you. To wrap up our call, I just want to reiterate a few key points from our discussion. Cigna delivered very strong first quarter financial results, which continue our consistent track record of growth and value creation across our well-positioned portfolio of businesses. Our results reflect strong momentum across our portfolio, led by our Commercial Employer business, which once again delivered strong organic medical customer growth, particularly in the Select and Middle-market segments, attractive margins and continued industry-leading medical cost trend. Collectively, our first quarter results reflect strong momentum and give us confidence we will achieve our improved 2018 outlook for earnings, EPS growth and customer growth. Our first quarter performance also continued Cigna's long track record of value creation in our employer customer space through deep integration in medical, pharmacy behavioral and other specialty solutions that enables us to more comprehensively support the health needs of our customers. Looking ahead, our combination with Express Scripts will position us to continue to build on this track record and will accelerate our growth strategy by creating deeper alignment across critical elements of the health care system to drive improved affordability and clinical quality and will result in attractive financial results, exceptional free cash flow and capital flexibility. We thank you for joining our call today and look forward to our future discussions.
