David Michael Cordani: Good morning. It's David. Just by way of direction, first, we're pleased with the improvement and performance in the third quarter. As we indicated previously, we expect the improvements to continue to be driven throughout the third quarter, fourth quarter and into 2017. There's always some variability in it, hence the range for the business outlook for the full year, but our expectation is throughout 2017, we'd see continued improvement and stabilization in our Disability business and putting us in the right step-up position as we look to 2018. Adding to that, as we look to 2017, we would expect stable and consistent Life results. And I'd note that we saw an appropriate step up in those results in the third quarter.
David Michael Cordani: Matthew, as you recall from the second quarter call, we indicated that the really significant spike took place quite early in the second quarter. And we even saw a reversion back toward the latter part of the second quarter. That pattern continued through the third quarter. We're pleased with our Life results and expect that to continue as we look forward.
David Michael Cordani: Matthew, clearly, we're not giving you 2018 guidance, but first, by way of backdrop, the Disability portion of this business is a very strong and well-performing business that focuses on productivity solutions for employers. At this point, we fully expect that as we fully mature this model, we will be able to get back to our sustained margin goals.
David Michael Cordani: Matthew, I actually compliment your efficiency getting in so many questions. Relative to the Stars Rating, by way of backdrop, we're pleased and proud with the position we've developed for ourselves. 2016, 60% of our lives were four STAR+PLUS. 2017, 75%. Per your comment, the current view is that the Stars Rating would step down for 2018, specifically because of the audit process. To be quite clear here, we do not agree with those conclusions, nor do we accept those. In fact, our clinical and service measures reinforce a very positive outcome for the benefit of our seniors and our physician partners. And we're going to use a variety of approaches to resolve that issue, because again, we don't accept that outcome.
David Michael Cordani: A.J., good morning. Relative to your framing of your question. First, by way of backdrop, you're correct. Our working assumption is that we will not be participating in the Open Enrollment period. Specific to the actions, I'm not going to delineate the specific actions you can or cannot take. There's clear rules in terms of what you can do, in terms of what's the marketing versus retention activities. I think the most important thing to highlight is within our model, you'll recall that our model is largely based where the majority of our lives are in terms of very mature physician collaborative models, hence those customers or members have very deep relationships with those physician groups. That is a highly retentive tool. Not perfect, but it's a highly retentive tool, because there's deep relationships that have been built, there's expanded services and the like. So, while we expect attrition, and as I noted in my prepared remarks, we're planning for a revenue headwind in 2017 that will be offset by the attrition of the remediation costs. We expect retention to perform better than the historical norms of a sanctioned environment. As it relates to 2017, as soon as we're off sanctions, we'll be back in the monthly enrollment process, and we look forward to that environment.
David Michael Cordani: Josh, good morning. It's David. Let me give you just a little bit more color in terms of the drivers, as we think about moving from 2016 to 2017. And I appreciate your reframing our long-term commitment of the 10% to 13% on average, which we've delivered on average over the last half a dozen years. Specifically, we see three. We call it the three largest, meaningful tailwinds that are specific and compelling. Number one is the continued leverage of our well performing businesses, specifically our U.S. Employer Health Care business, and our Global Individual business, where we expect to continue to deliver attractive both revenue and earnings growth. Second is a meaningful step up in the margin performance of the Group Disability and Life business. And third is margin expansion in the Government business, where, largely, the attrition of the cost profile that we've incurred this year, which was significant will more than offset the revenue headwind. It's important to attach on top of that, that's going to take place under one or two environments: will either be in a so called Plan A, where we're able to effectuate the combination and we're stepping into a different environment; or a so-called Plan B, where the government will stop and impede us in terms of the ability to combine. In a Plan B scenario, our estimate is towards the latter part of 2017, we'll have between $7 billion and $14 billion of deployable capital, which is made up of about $5 billion of free cash at the latter part of 2017, leverage that we could step up to one threshold if we're going to use it solely for internal purposes, dividend buy back and the like. And the higher end of the range is if we're going to use leverage largely to expand our self through M&A capacity. So, taken as a whole, a significant uptick. I don't think it's constructive on this call to try to scroll the numbers around on the underlying run rate. Suffice to say 2016 is a choppy year for us, 2017 will be quite attractive. And if we expect to deliver certain numbers on average since this year is not an average year from a transition, we'd expect to have a very strong performance for 2017.
David Michael Cordani: Let me give you two chunks to try to be helpful here. Chunk one will go to the remediation cost. Our best estimate for the full year is approximately $100 million after-tax. So, when we talk significant, it's significant because our objective is to effectively and rapidly – and speed is always in the eyes of the beholder, but effectively and rapidly resolve this and use whatever resource is necessary to put this behind us. So, think about $100 million after-tax, which is significant. Secondly, you know us quite well. And you know even with the revised outlook for our Group Disability and Life business, the earnings dislocation there is significant. And if you will just project forward a mindset that our view is a stable and consistent performance of the Life business, that's a meaningful step up. And then continued improvement in the Disability business. There's a significant step up, or an example to your point of a one-time dislocation, when you would compare 2016 to 2017, albeit, we don't expect to be at full earnings potential in 2017 because Disability will ramp throughout the course of the year. Those are two items I'd ask you to focus on.
David Michael Cordani: Yeah. Justin, a few different comments there. First, by way of context. So, this is obviously a complex undertaking. And as I noted, as the $100 million reinforces, it's complex in terms of what we're confronting here. We confronted an audit process that was changed and modernized for CMS, so a new audit methodology. We operate a business model that functions off the more modern collaborative or value-based environment. And what that means is we have a lot of partners. Think about entities that we work with in partnership to get that value-based environment, and think about the better part of a couple hundred. So, the ability to operate in this more modernized audit environment relative to that, which we believe is a big part of what the future of health care looks like required us to drive some changes. We're driving those changes, and we'll seek to get those resolved in short order. So, we think we're in the latter phases, point one. Two, we believe the large majority of those costs will not be re-occurring, that otherwise will be contributors to 2017's earnings or the margin inflection. And third, we fully expect our retention levels to outperform the numbers that you referenced, largely based on the different orientation we have of our model. And we could look back and look at the retentive nature of our business over a long period of time and those relationships. So, while we expect a revenue headwind that will be meaningful, our revenue headwind projection is not in line with the numbers you made reference to. And we think it's largely driven by the different model we have, whereby once our customers are with us a year or more, they tend to be with us for a long, long time, largely because of those collaborative relationships.
David Michael Cordani: Justin, we're not providing the detailed guidance for 2017. We look forward to doing that on our year-end call. But I think there's two important points you teased out. One, noted in my prepared comments, we continue to feel quite good about our Employer Health Care business, and that Employer Health Care business has continued to perform well as the marketplace looks for more engagement, more affordability solutions, more partnership solutions. And we would expect to see continued strong performance relative to our top line as well as our bottom line. And I'd ask you to think about our historical performance there. And I think you made reference to that. If you extract out the Government portion of the business, that's been lumpy beyond a shadow of a doubt. And we expect to see a step up in earnings next year, so I'd ask you to pull those two pieces apart as you think about your 2017. Clearly, we'll provide guidance at the end of the year as we go into our fourth quarter call.
David Michael Cordani: Gary, appreciate the framing. Two dimensions here, so we're at the same convention. There's claims that are presented, there's validated claims, we call those occurrences or open claims, and then there's closed claims. So, point one is throughout the course of the year, we have not seen a different pattern. Again, we have not seen a different pattern of the volume of claims that present themselves for consideration. So, that's, I think, your first point. As we changed our model, we saw more claims go from that first bucket of potential claims to activated claims, open claims, because of the disruption of our process. So, that's disruption point number one. Disruption point number two is more claims stayed open or active for an elongated period of time because of the disruption. If I understand your question, if you think about the third quarter, we're seeing, again, no change in the number that are presenting themselves for consideration but improvement in that bucket two and bucket three, which are validated claims that are opened, and the rate and pace in which claims are closed. And we expect over time that pattern to continue.
David Michael Cordani: Kevin, good morning. It's David. You're correct. There's a variety of items, we didn't mention. So, there's always some smaller puts and takes. What we tried to call out were the three compelling major drivers. So, there's going to be other small puts and takes. And you should expect that if we're underperforming in Medicaid, we'd expect to take actions to slightly improve that as we move forward. But it's a small portion of our business, and in the scope of the moving parts that we talked about, those are the three items I'd ask you to consider relative to the fundamentals, with the fourth being the just tremendous capital deployment opportunity that sits in front of us.
David Michael Cordani: Relative to the current year, we're feeling the pressure relative to the Medicaid number. All the other fundamentals are holding. If you look at the year to date, our Medicare number, as Tom noted, is performing cleanly year-over-year in totality with some puts and takes. Our PDP results improved somewhat. Our Medicaid results eroded somewhat. As we project forward to next year, again, we would expect to take actions to improve the Medicaid numbers, but the size of that delta in a well over $2 billion after-tax earnings franchise, what we're trying to call out here, these are the three discrete drivers that are most significant. There'll be some other puts and takes, absolutely. And you're correct, we would expect to improve that result as well.
David Michael Cordani: With an eye toward 2017, obviously, when we had to put the bids in, we understood the environment we were in. We were already through the audit process. So, we knew the sanctions, et cetera. If you look back historically, we typically positioned ourself for more stable offerings, consistent benefits. As I referenced before, long-term customer relationships are an important part of our model, because it facilitates the interaction back and forth through the value-based offerings. Clearly, we sought to improve margins in some of the markets that were underperforming. With a portfolio our size, there's always opportunities in some select markets to improve margins, but that's a market-by-market approach. So, think guiding force, stable benefits, stable offerings, the customer-first orientation, working with our physician collaboratives, looking at all the tools that are available to us especially in the markets that may be underperforming. Some of those are the less mature market, so we took some actions in some of the less mature markets, and we expect to see a little bit more disruption there, but margin improvement that would take place, but by and large, stable offerings.
David Michael Cordani: Ralph, good morning. It's David. I'm not going to go through the moving parts at this point. We'll provide full 2017 guidance at the end of the year, as we go through our fourth quarter call. The three headlines here are as follows: One, we expect better than market retention, because we've typically delivered better than market retention levels from our customers specifically tied to the collaborative model. You could actually look at – to your point, you can look at our attrition rates throughout the course of the year as we've been able to manage the business. Point two is the remediation costs will essentially – the large majority of those costs will attrit next year, which will offset the earnings implication. Broad sweeping numbers, we expect to grow the franchise in aggregate revenue numbers because of the strength of the business, as I referenced before: the U.S. Commercial Employer business; the Global Supplemental Benefits business; our Specialty portfolio, et cetera. And that will more than offset the revenue implications here as well. Lastly, order of magnitude, you could think about $1 billion of revenue that unfortunately currently is low margin. We'll step the margin up, and that will more than offset the earnings implication from that as we look through the attrition, both the end-of-month attrition for this year as well as the Open Enrollment attrition for next year.
David Michael Cordani: And on the latter part of your question, I'd ask you not to think about an impact of the audit on the sustainable loss ratio. I think I heard you say the claim audit process having an impact on the loss ratio going forward. We do not expect any implication on the sustainable of the loss ratio there. We have operating expenses, which you referenced that we had to incur to make process changes, but there are not fundamental differences of our cost, or quality, or clinical performance measures in any way, shape, or form we need to worry about there.
David Michael Cordani: Ana, two headlines there. Relative to 2Q to 3Q, essentially consistent, I think is the big picture headline relative to the individual book of business. Relative to next year, important to put a backdrop on it. As you recall, we have been, I'll say, cautious and slow in this space, is the headline. As we've viewed the opening of this marketplace in 2014 is probably being much smaller than projections, not profitable for the industry and choppy or less than stable operationally. And unfortunately, societally, it's proving to be more right than wrong. We entered five markets, and we deliberately and slowly grew to seven markets. As we look to 2017, our initial plan had us growing into 10 markets. After assessing all the market dynamics, we're going to end up in seven markets in 2017, but a different mix where we will shrink our footprint in three markets by leaving three markets on the exchange. And then we'll have a new offering in three different markets, specifically built on our collaborative model. So, some change in the overall profile of our marketplace but a smaller geographic footprint than we were anticipating; we anticipated going from seven to 10 markets. We're going to actually be in seven markets with a different mix, net-net taking it all as a whole. For next year, we're going to expect to see some revenue growth there. We're continuing to plan for a loss in the business, which is what we think is appropriate as we continue to refine our learnings and look to determine whether there's a sustainable future here.
David Michael Cordani: Dave, good morning. So, two headlines here. First, as we noted both through Tom's comments and my comments, continued strong performance of our Global business, that's headline number one. Two different businesses, big picture to think about. One is a largely an employer globally mobile business, where we take care of corporate expats, IGOs, NGOs, et cetera. And we've seen a bit of growth in there that we are pleased with and a bit of continuation of growth there that we're pleased with. That's part of our Global Employer business. And then the Global Supplemental or Global Individual business, where we continue to see strong growth anchored in our strongest market, which is Korea. You referenced a phraseology in terms of is there nothing changed? A pause on that one, because in a dynamic global market, everything's changing all the time. But the core of our business model remains, which is a focus for that business, the Supplemental business, a focus on the individual, understanding their needs, innovating derivative products and having distribution capabilities and unique ways to meet them on a direct fashion, be it telemarketing, be it direct pull-through Internet, be it TV, be it retail base, et cetera. That iterative evolution is what's driving our business growth as the global markets continue to evolve and the global middle class continues to grow. So, looking forward, as we noted, we expect this to continue to be a positive driver for us to 2017 and looking to the future.
David Michael Cordani: Yeah, Michael. It's David. First, as I indicated previously on the call, we're pleased with the quality indicators, we're able to deliver. So, off a base of 60% for STAR+PLUS in 2016; 75% for STAR+PLUS in 2017. Absolutely not lost in us that the current view is to meaningfully downdraft us for 2018. We do not agree, and therefore do not accept that. Our outcome measures, both service satisfaction and retention, clinical outcomes, physician partnership members do not reinforce that. So, we have a variety of paths in front of us. We seek to address that for 2018 long before we look at 2019. Fundamentally, we would expect to be rewarded for and recognized for the strong performance we're able to deliver as we look to 2018 and 2019.
David Michael Cordani: Thanks, everyone. So, to conclude our call this morning, I'd like to underscore just a few key points from our discussion. Cigna's third quarter results include meaningful revenue and earnings contributions from our Global Health Care and Global Supplemental Benefits business and improving financial performance in our Group Disability and Life segment. This gives us confidence that we will achieve our full year 2016 outlook and deliver attractive earnings and revenue growth in 2017. We are anticipating and meeting customer and client needs through innovation, engagement and value-based programs, which continue to drive our business performance. We have significant capital resources available for deployment. And our business remains well-positioned to deliver strong results for the benefit of shareholders over the long-term. And finally, we're fortunate to have a passionate and engaged workforce of over 40,000 colleagues around the globe, who are guided by our strategy to drive value for our customers, clients and shareholders each and every day. Again, we thank you for joining our call, and for your investment in Cigna.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Sure, A.J. So, your recollection from last quarter is right, and I'd say the cost in this quarter were little higher than that. And if we look at the $60 million, which was the change in expectation for the full year, I'd split that about 50-50 between Medicaid and additional remediation costs.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Oh, sure. So, first, again, let's put it in context. Medicaid is a small business for us, essentially just the dual SNP programs in Texas and the dual demonstration project in Illinois. And we did report an increased MCR in both Texas and Illinois this quarter. Different dynamics in each market. Texas included pressure from the long-term support service costs. In Illinois, we're seeing some rate pressure and more significant mix of higher-acuity patients than we'd expected.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Gary, a couple of things. First, you've cited the quarter-over-quarter variance in the third quarter. And you've got that right. And that's largely driven by the Medicaid and remediation costs. As we look to the fourth quarter, again the remediation costs we expect to moderate. The fundamentals in the fourth quarter kind of continue to be the same, very strong underlying Employer business, really not much news on the Individual side, a little bit of timing difference in the Group Disability and Life and Global Sub business. But that's generally the picture for the balance of the year.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Christine, it's Tom. So, I would answer your last question first. I would expect the impact from sanctions will largely be in revenue. The position engagement model in HealthSpring continues to deliver strong medical costs consistently throughout the year. On a year-to-date basis the Medicare results are about flat MCR-wise, which again reflects that consistent strong performance as we commented on last time. Last time, there's a little bit of a higher MCR in some of the expansion markets, some of the less engaged markets, but generally consistent with our expectations for the year.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Well – look, again, last quarter, we highlighted we had significant variability in Life, so obviously more of the improvement sequentially has come from Life just getting back to normal, and in fact that kind of is the headline. Life business, back to normal expectations, Disability improving.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Hi, Ralph. It's Tom. So, obviously, we're very pleased with the medical trend results. We're continuing to build on a competitively attractive record here. And since most of our commercial customers are in self-funded arrangements, they directly benefit from this well-managed trend. So, absent the components, the experience to-date generally shows all of our trend components in the low to mid-single digits, so were pretty happy with that results. As far as impact on pricing, our philosophy has typically and remains consistent to anticipate medical cost trend in our pricing. And effectively, we're seeing great results in delivering medical cost trend and a good trajectory for this business going forward.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Ana, it's Tom. Rather than getting into all the pieces here, let me give you the higher-level message. The quarter-over-quarter deterioration you mentioned, that 160 basis points, 170 basis points. That's all attributable to Medicaid and the difference in less favorable prior development this year compared to last year. So, I wouldn't be anticipating that we'd be seeking significant improvements in the Medicare Advantage loss ratio going into 2017. We'd expect to have significant – continued ongoing strong performance there. And as far as splitting the difference in the variance in the quarter it splits about 60/40. Medicaid, the more significant variance is about 40%. A little bit of minor puts and takes other than that, but about 40% related to the difference in prior year.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Well, Chris, it's Tom. Look, we've invested a lot in technology, augmenting staff and engaging consultants to get this done as quickly as possible. And the cost has been substantial. Total costs to-date are in the about $80 million range after tax. As David indicated, we're expecting about $100 million for the full year, so we see the costs have peaked in the third quarter. They have significantly ramped down in the fourth quarter, and that ramp down reflects a more narrowly-focused work effort as we just address the remaining issues. So, that's the general pattern of what's going on here.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Yeah. I'd say, in Texas while perhaps there'll be a rate increase that will help us, that's more impacting costs. In Illinois, we'd expect it to be more through rate increase. And we'd expect that to be closer to the beginning of the year. So, all in, again, this is a small business for us, so I think that on the margin, the impact is marginal, but all in, we'd expect to get some improvement in results here.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Yeah, again, we're pretty happy with the overall results here. I would call out, the driver of the change is largely pharmacy. So, in the pharmacy trend, we're seeing benefit both from the moderation in specialty drug costs and the continued strong performance of our integrated model.
