David Michael Cordani: Justin, good morning. It's David. Relative to your first question just briefly, obviously, we await the court's decision. And from a governance standpoint, we thought we took the appropriate step by issuing the K, and the language of the K is quite clear. Relative to your second question, what we thought was most important is to make sure that our investors understand the breadth of capital available for deployment. And our intention would be to create additional clarity in terms of the use of that to the extent there is a Plan B scenario that would be executed versus a consummation of the deal. So transparency relative to the tremendous capital that is, Tom and I both noted range between $7 billion and $14 billion. Stay tuned for more pending the insights relative to the court's decision.
David Michael Cordani: Matthew, it's David. First, let me give you a little bit of color relative to the positioning we took for 2017 and then try to provide you some color in terms of the enrollment. As you know from prior conversations, we viewed that the marketplace 2014, 2015 and 2016 specifically we call version 1.0. We viewed that it would be a relatively choppy ride in the implementation of all the new attributes of the program; that the marketplace in total would be smaller than projected and unprofitable overall. We chose to participate in that marketplace on a very focused basis, initially in five states, not expecting to make money but expecting to learn. And broadly speaking, those goals were achieved. Relative to 2017, as we were operating in 2016, our expectation was that we would move from – specifically from seven states in 2016 to 10 states in 2017. We assessed the markets and based on the formula we thought we needed to have to work in terms of benefit flexibility, but very importantly, network configuration with collaborative accountable care relationships that were acceptable to the state that we were going to operate in, we actually exited three states and entered three states resulting in seven states that we are in for 2017. The net result is we expect to grow as I noted by about 100,000 lives, those 100,000 lives will be highly biased toward our preferred offerings which are heavily oriented around the Collaborative Accountable Care relationships and the aligned models. Relative to initial measures and metrics, obviously we need to get through the quarter and see how the lives mature. You know that. As you get through the quarter, those lives will atrophy off a little bit in terms of the final manifestation of the lives we have. But they're generally in line with our initial expectations as we start the year.
David Michael Cordani: Matthew, important point. Again, we assess the market year-in, year-out, and as I noted, we made some very different moves in 2017 than we initially anticipated with those three exits versus just three entrances. We'll have a lot of decisions to make as we get through the spring of the year, and we'll assess our participation in the marketplace in totality with a fresh set of eyes based upon the rules, regulations and design for that marketplace that, as we sit here right now, is fragile at best. So we will fully assess whether we will participate, where, and how as we get through the spring cycle.
David Michael Cordani: Josh, on your first point, again, we believe the language is quite clear and appropriate from a governance standpoint, and I would direct you back both to that language and if you so choose, the contract, which is filed and public. Specifically from the capital deployment standpoint, as Tom noted, we have excellent flexibility, and I think that's the right way of attributing it. To the extent we do not have a transaction to finalize here, we will aggressively evaluate and conclude upon all options that are available to us from a capital deployment standpoint. But there are no impediments that we see relative to capital deployment, and all alternatives are available to us. And we would intend to create high visibility if we're in that environment as promptly as possible.
David Michael Cordani: Josh, important you picked up the 5 correctly, but it's 50,000. So stepping back, the growth was – is projected to be 300,000 to 500,000, so that's where you're ramping against the 500,000 number in terms of cumulative growth of lives. That growth is driven by very strong performance in all of our employer segments; national, middle, select, international, driven by strong retention, good expansion of relationships as well as targeting new business adds where our engagement in incentive-based programs, our collaboratives, our alternative funding and our sustained strong track record of low medical cost trend is indeed paying off. Specific to your question on Seniors, again, we project for 2017 for the year to have a net reduction of 50,000 lives or about 10% of the starting point as a result of not being in the active open enrollment period.
David Michael Cordani: A.J., it's David. Let me start. Just big-picture, we're very pleased and proud to have multiple years of posting very low medical cost trend relative to industry norms. And as you noted, we ended the full year 2016 a bit below our outlook of 4% to 5%. I'd remind you we started 2016 with an outlook of 4.5% to 5.5%, but in 2016, we lowered that by about 50 basis points. So the way we think about it is for 2017, we're planning at the same level that we planned at for 2016. We planned at 2016 at 4.5% to 5.5%. We're planning 2017 at 4.5% to 5.5%. Admittedly, it's a tick up from where we ended 2016, a modest uptick. We're viewing in terms of in our projection some uptick in utilization, some uptick in pharmacy, but no macro driver to call out that is changing the inflection point.
David Michael Cordani: Sure. I apologize if I wasn't clear before. So our learnings to-date, if we step back, we've participated in this market since its inception keeping our revenue in the 2%, 3%, maybe 4% range. We've expected each of the years that we would lose money. We keep that in a manageable corridor and we sought to try to learn in terms of what are the successful recipes here to deliver the right value for customers and create a sustainable solution to be able to do so with health care partners as well as for our shareholders. Our conclusion is within the current rule set, the only viable way to make this work is to have a well-coordinated, highly aligned, value-based care arrangement with the health care professionals that is the underbelly or foundation of the offering. Additionally, we've been able to successfully expand relationships with our Collaborative Accountable Care partners or delivery system alliances being physician groups or hospitals across multiple lines of business; Commercial, Medicare Advantage, Commercial Individual, et cetera. So in these three markets that you identified, we both had market conditions in terms of benefit alignment as well as delivery system partners that we were able to put together and believe in our chosen geographies – very importantly, not state-wide – in our chosen targeted geographies around those delivery system alternatives, we have a good value proposition that we are proud to bring to market with our health care partners. That's what drove us into those specific markets. And you may think about those, Gary, as sub-markets within North Carolina, sub-markets within Illinois, et cetera, built around those collaborative relationships.
David Michael Cordani: Ralph, it's David. Obviously as you referenced, came out last night. Our team is going through it rather thoroughly. I'd say a couple big-picture comments. The first, excluding the Stars implication, our view is that our rate implication is similar to that of the industry. Secondly, including the proposed reduction to our Stars in 2018, our revenue impact would be a bit lower than that of the industry or less positive than that of the industry. Third, as you know, we do not agree with or accept that Stars conclusion because we're of the view that our clinical outcomes, our service outcomes and our overall program outcomes are far superior than the conclusion that's being drawn. And in the current state, we're working with CMS literally as we speak to try to gain a shared understanding of the results we're delivering and arrive at a different outcome for 2018. But big picture overall, revenue impact to us, in line with the industry. Say for the proposed adjustment to our Stars, including that the revenue impact for us would be less. We're working with CMS directly on that. And to the extent we're not successful, we have a variety of other levers to be able to manage for 2018 that we would deal with down the road in terms of talking about our benefit positioning.
David Michael Cordani: Let me just give you some color and then try to give you direction going forward. First, your basic rule of thumb I think should be that the higher the average case size historically for the industry, the lower the penetration rate. The lower the average case size, the higher the penetration rate. Second rule of thumb is, as you're dealing with consumer-directed offerings, you'll have a higher average penetration rate versus non-consumer-directed offerings, the case size being similar because the individual is the aggregator and you're trying to get an overall aggregated proposition. For us, we've continued to make very good progress relative to both penetrating, using I think your orientation, our multiple blocks of business whether it's in our existing relationships or new business relationships. We see tremendous ability to further grow our specialty profile, both in the existing portfolio as well as in our new business portfolio. And the final comment I would make is, our view is that the industry historically looked at this as an opportunity to cross sell, then moved in an environment of beginning to bundle and now is just exploring the way to truly integrate. And a lot of what we've been successful at is truly integrating the programs, be they clinical, service and outcome programs. So larger versus smaller, penetration rates move, consumer directed versus non-consumer directed, penetration rates move. For us, we have opportunity both in our captive book as well as in new business going forward and we're excited about that.
David Michael Cordani: The M&A posture looking forward, first, relative to the marketplace, we view that over time that the Medicaid marketplace will continue to need to adopt more innovative solutions, whether they're active management, sub-program design, et cetera, care coordination program acceleration, and we think that that will over time create more opportunities both for the marketplace to grow and to bring innovative solutions as well as for ourselves. So I wouldn't limit it to duals. I would orient around programs where there is more active management, care coordination, value-based alignment, incentive-based programs, whether they be broad or narrowly focused. We see opportunities that we can bring value creation to the table, and over time, we think this marketplace will continue to evolve more in that direction.
David Michael Cordani: Well, Christine, it's David. We haven't given you the exact numbers. The way we've described it is, and we've been consistent here, 2014, 2015, 2016, we expected not to make money, be it on an allocated or fully allocated basis, et cetera. At the end of the day, it is not a profitable block of business. It has been manageable. For 2017, we would expect to improve our profile somewhat, but it would still not be profitable. I think your big picture assumption, one way or the other, this book improves. It either improves fundamentally or it improves because it's no longer a sustainable offering for us and we choose not to participate in that marketplace. On a final note, for us, we've been really clear. This is not our number-one or number-two driver of our inflection point with the great outlook we have of earnings growth next year. It'll be a modest improvement off of its current baseline loss results.
David Michael Cordani: Good morning, Kevin. It's David. First of all, to capital deployment, as Tom noted, our priorities remain ensuring that we support our existing business needs. Second, we look at strategic M&A. And third, we look at opportunities to return excess capital to the shareholders. As we sit here today, our M&A priorities remain, and they've been consistent in terms of expanding our global footprint, expanding our U.S. seniors capabilities, expanding our retail base capabilities, opportunities for tuck-ins and opportunities to continue to expand our services for evolving state-based risk programs. I would not read into anything in terms of – you never say never in terms of large versus small. All deals stand on their own, and we would expect to be quite disciplined in terms of our approach going forward in terms of looking for on-strategy M&A opportunities and ensuring that they are value creative for shareholders as well as that we can create value for customers. And then with the tremendous capital balances we have in front of us, we recognize the significant responsibility that it is. And as I noted in my prepared remarks, we have a track record of not letting that capital lie idle for any elongated length of time.
David Michael Cordani: Kevin, it's David. Real important question. A couple points. First, big-picture, I'm extraordinarily proud of our team. 40,000 plus colleagues around the world who wake up every day to do everything humanly possible to support our customers, our clients and work with our partners. And while we've had some challenges, which I will step up to in a moment, broadly speaking our customers, clients and partners have been buffered from that. So the value proposition we are delivering remains strong. And a way to evidence that is as you look at our 2017 growth trajectory, the ability to have outstanding retention once again with strong new business adds and expansion of relationships and delivering a tremendous, for example, medical cost trend once again, I think reinforces the value we're delivering. No doubt, when you have an environment where you'll have a disruptive overhang that now lapses 18 months, where we talk in our organization around keeping our eye focused on the marketplace, you always have a – kind of a small tension that builds over time. And while our team, I think, has done an outstanding job trying to keep that overhang distraction out of the way, indisputably that's going to creep into the organization, no matter how we communicate, align and try to stay focused. But again, our customers and clients have been well supported. Two different storylines relative to Seniors and the group business, neither of which we have time to get into in detail; regulatory and self-inflicted wounds that we own, and we are rapidly remediating them. And I think the bright spot here is that we delivered strong results for our clients and customers, and we're going to step in to 2018 and deliver an outstanding result for our clients and customers as well as our shareholders.
David Michael Cordani: Yeah. Peter, we do not see it as a change. We see the market evolving, so let me be clear. If you go back to when we rolled out our Go Deep, Go Global, Go Individual strategy and laid out our M&A priorities all the way back some seven years ago, we put as a lower priority traditional Medicaid relative to the alternatives. We, all the way back then, had a view that the marketplace would evolve over time to more active management. And we thought the duals marketplace would be the first marketplace that evolved. So I would ask you not to read into my comments either way; rather, our organization is open-minded relative to targeted opportunities where we could create value. And where we see the opportunity to create value is by working collaboratively with health care professionals, with incentives, information, and care resources to provide better quality outcomes for individuals. And as states grapple with their budget challenges with a growing Medicaid population and growing health burden, we think programs will evolve and change and that will create opportunities. Those will be localized opportunities. We do not see it as the nation's profile will change overnight. There'll be localized opportunities that we want to be open-minded to and to be in a position to explore from a growth opportunity and value creation opportunity.
David Michael Cordani: Two sides, but let's go to the first dimension. Indisputably as a country, we have an aging population, eroding health status and continued growth in chronic disease. Continuing to finance the access to care through traditional programs that simply attempt to, for example, push rates lower as a means of balancing budgets is running out of steam, period. Secondly, there are bright spots around the country of more innovative programs that state officials are driving to try to get more engagement of individuals and better value creation with health care professionals. That is resulting in changes in the delivery system, and there's a lot of bright spots around the country where delivery systems, be they physician groups, multispecialty groups, integrated hospital systems are aggressively exploring how they could do more value-based care. All those forces are changing. I wouldn't limit it to any one. All those forces are changing. But at the cornerstone is an increasing demand and need for care to be delivered and coordinated and the need to explore new solutions.
David Michael Cordani: Yeah, Dave, first by way of just framing, right, we know the stats. Seniors continue to age into Medicare. Seniors who are looking at alternatives view Medicare Advantage quite favorably. It's not Cigna-specific at all; just Medicare Advantage. Medicare Advantage on average serves seniors with lower average income than fee-for-service, so they're high-value buyers. Medicare Advantage as an industry generates superior clinical outcomes through care coordination, and very importantly, the more innovative health care professionals appreciate the Medicare Advantage program as an opportunity to better coordinate care. Specific to Cigna, given that we have 85% of all of our Medicare Advantage lives in value-based programs, that creates both an opportunity in the future and it was a challenge going through the audit. And at the end of the day, the complexity is all those partnered relationships and the information flows, et cetera, that were needed to get through the audit process were challenging. We've built, to your term, a chassis now; a series of enhancements, that will put us in a much better position going forward not only to continue to serve the population where we're delivering very strong service and clinical outcomes today, but coordinate the information necessary in the evolving regulatory environment and continue to grow that chassis. So we believe it will be a very effective growth chassis for years to come for individual MA purchasers who want to be in aligned incentive-based programs with value-based care providers. So we're excited about the growth chassis over the long-term.
David Michael Cordani: Ana, I tip my hat to you. I think you got about seven or eight questions in there. Let me attempt to be responsive to a bunch of quite important points. First, specific to our results, for 2017, the growth of 300,000 to 500,000 customers represents growth in national accounts, middle-market, select and international driven by very strong retention in all of those segments; good expansion of relationships and good targeted new business adds where our clinical capabilities, our incentive-based programs are hunting quite well. Specific to repeal and replace, and I appreciate you using that language, because I think repeal and replace is being used as language that is relatively broad sweeping, so as you very well know, the ACA had an impact, based on the way you asked your question, on the employer market, on the MA market, on the Medicaid market, as well as on the Individual market. And what we see happening today versus eight years ago is that there's a need for a change unequivocally, but there's also a lot of bright spots that have evolved over the last eight years. For example, in the employer market, there's way more adoption today of incentives, engagement and value-based care programs. MA has further evolved even more broadly adopting value-based care programs. As I noted in a prior comment, there are states that are changing Medicaid programs and evolving them to be more incentive or engagement based as we go forward. As it relates to the individual program, as noted by several people's questions, the marketplace is still unsustainable. And there's a lot of pressure to put a series of transparent changes in place for 2018 in the near future because organizations will have to make determinations in the spring of this year. As it relates to our growth priorities, they remain. We will grow our employer block of business in the United States and we see attractive growth opportunities in our targeted geographies, in our targeted segments with our capabilities. We see seniors continuing to be a growth chassis for us. We see broadening our specialty portfolio continuing to be a growth chassis. We have a sustained track record of growing our productivity management solutions out of our group portfolio. And then our international chassis continues to provide an exciting growth opportunity. So we're fortunate not to be dependent upon any one submarket. We're rather well-positioned from that standpoint.
David Michael Cordani: Sarah, it's David. I'd put that in the too soon to tell. I understand the headline that you're referencing. I can't go into the kind of details of the subcomponents there, but I understand the point you're referencing. Our team is combing through that quite thoroughly literally as we speak and I would say stay tuned for more. Obviously a lot of moving parts in there and you identify actually one of the moving parts, which I think is trying to resequence some of the disconnects we've seen in some of the program designs.
David Michael Cordani: Longer-term outlook, obviously, if you look at our outlook for 2017, we've got, let's say, a 5% headwind in there for currency potential impacts. So it's a little less than that in the 2017 outlook, but over the longer-term that's a trajectory we'd expect to deliver.
David Michael Cordani: Thank you. To conclude our call, I'd like to just underscore some key points from our discussion. We concluded the year with positive operating momentum as we enter 2017 with an expected attractive outlook to our growth profile. We reported strong revenue and earnings performance in our Global Health Care and Global Supplemental Benefits businesses, and noted improvements in the latter half of the year with the challenges we confronted earlier in the year in our Group Disability and Life business. We remain committed to achieving our average annual EPS growth rate of 10% to 13% over the long-term. We are confident in our ability to deliver on our attractive 2017 outlook of 12% to 18% earnings growth, further strengthened by our meaningful capital position and exceptional flexibility. I'd once again like to thank my colleagues around the world who embody our mission and execute our strategy every day for the benefit of our customers, our clients and our partners. And I also want to thank you, our shareholders, for joining our call today and for your continued interest in Cigna. Thanks.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Well, Justin, it's Tom. Let me start first with the quarter. And again, we're really pleased with the progress we have in improving results in Group Disability and Life. In the fourth quarter, as I mentioned, reflects stable life claim experience and continued improvement in Disability and Life results as those processes continue to mature. I also called out that the quarter did include some favorable impact from tax accruals and net investment income, and I'd size those at about $10 million. So if you look at our outlook, considering all that, it really reflects continued normalized life claim experience and a continued pattern of maturity in disability claims management over the balance of 2017. And it's an attractive growth over the results we posted in 2016.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Pretty close. I mean that's one of those things. We'll see as we get closer to the end of the year, but that's the glide path we'd like to be on.
Thomas A. McCarthy: So let me get the Commercial on the MCR first, Gary. Just again, our Commercial MCR we're really happy with; very consistent with our expectation, continued strong results in the Commercial Group business, a little bit of pressure from the high medical costs in Individual, but as expected. So I did call out in their quarter-over-quarter comparison that's a pretty large variance versus last year, about 270 basis points. About half of that is attributable directly to just the changed MCR in Individual. The balance is largely due, as you called out, to stop loss results. And that was, as I tried to make clear, very much related to last year being very favorable; this year being more normal. And if you look back over a number of years, you'll see that kind of pattern that last year was the outlier being unusually favorable. So results this year in stop loss very consistent with our expectation. Channeled payments, I mean that gets a little – I mean they both pay off relatively quickly in the scheme of things and reserving. There's a little different shape to it given the high frequency of low-dollar claims typical in the typical reserves, but I wouldn't call out any major league differences. We're not talking about a long-term buildup of reserves like we are in Disability.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Christine, it's Tom. First, I'll start with the results this year. So again, first, let's put this into context. Very small business for us, essentially, program, Texas and Illinois. And we noted some increased Medicaid MCR in the third quarter that basically continued into the fourth quarter. And the dynamics we called out then consistent. A little different in each state; Texas, largely pressure on long-term support service costs, Illinois, a bit of rate and mix of higher acuity patients. So, I'd say we called that out as an impact on the MCR, but keep in mind, it's relatively modest overall. And again, as we move into 2017, kind of the flip-side of that dynamics. We are expecting the MCR to improve in 2017. We're taking actions to improve results, but given the relatively small scale of Medicaid in our overall business, while it will be a positive factor in the MCR, it'll be modest, and it's really not really noticeable in the overall earnings momentum either way for the company.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Well, Sarah, it's Tom. Again, that's strategic investments not investment income, of course, just to be clear on that. So that's basically the dynamic we have where we continue to invest to grow product choices, to grow distribution channels, to create more revenue growth opportunities in our overseas markets over time. Now generally, we've been able to fund that by finding operational efficiencies, but that's the dynamic. Calling out some of the increased strategic investments, underlying business growth and operating expense efficiencies is all netting to a good growth trajectory for our Global Supp business.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Michael, yes. They did up at the $100 million we expected, so no surprises in the fourth quarter. I don't think we quantified exactly what the step down will be, but it's of a substantial majority will be the step down in 2017.
Thomas A. McCarthy: On the risk corridor, again, that came in two flavors. The $80 million after-tax reflected the balance we had accrued at the end of September that was written off and reported as a special item, so not reflected in adjusted income from operations, and $16 million after taxes what we otherwise would've expected to accrue related to risk corridor recoveries in the fourth quarter which we were not able to accrue because we had written off the collectability.
