David M. Cordani: Thanks, Ralph. Turning to 2012. As Ted pointed out in his opening remarks, my comments around 2012 will exclude the impact of certain items, including most notably, the pending acquisition of HealthSpring. When we have more clarity on the timing of the HealthSpring close, we will provide specifics for our 2012 outlook. At this point, we expect to provide that guidance in early 2012. Having said that, I'll provide some early insights.  To set the stage, we expect to maintain the momentum we have built over the last 2 years since implementing our Go Deep, Go Global and Go Individual strategy to deliver continued growth. We expect to see revenue growth in each of our ongoing businesses. This is driven by a continued expansion of our client and customer relationships as our value proposition continues to resonate very well in the marketplace.  Focusing on health care membership. In the second quarter call, we noted a positive trajectory in the National Account business for 2012. We now expect growth in National Accounts in 2012 driven by strong client retention, expansion of existing relationships and the addition of new relationships. We expect to deliver continued growth in our middle market and select segments, driven by continued increased interest in our industry-leading clinical engagement programs and our differentiated funding arrangements. In total, we expect to grow by at least 400,000 health care customers in 2012, predominately in ASO relationships.  Stepping back, we view the global economy and economic environment will continue to be dynamic. The economy will present challenges including employment levels and interest rate environment conditions. In the face of this environment, we expect to achieve solid earnings growth in each of our ongoing businesses through continued focus and strong execution of our strategy.  More specifically, our results will reflect top line growth, operating expense efficiencies and strong fundamentals, including pricing discipline, clinical and service quality. All in, we expect consolidated earnings and EPS growth in 2012 versus 2011. And with that, we'll move to take your questions.
David M. Cordani: Charles, it's David. Specific to the first part of your question, at this point in time, we don't project and we're not projecting any major change in the economic outlook. So in group growth, if you think about the unemployment level as a major driver of change, at this point, our assumptions for the level of unemployment to be about equal to 2011, and therefore, no major swings in net, in group growth. To the macro part of your question, we look at 2012 as a continuation of few years of continued strong progress in our select and our middle market segments where our ASO value proposition resonates quite well. But more broadly, where we see the consumer and engagement capabilities and health improvement and productivity capabilities resonating, the changes we look into 2012 beyond the maintenance of that very strong performance is a meaningful uptick in our National Account segment. As you recall, we've gone through a couple of years of repositioning and seeking to focus on those employers who value incentive and engagement-base capabilities to improve health and productivity. And we're pleased to see the retention rates, the in-group growth there by selling additional sites for National Account customers, and then the addition of meaningful National Account customers. So a continuation of strong progress in select and middle market, and then a move to some momentum-building in the National Accounts is the way I'd position it.
David M. Cordani: Geography is reasonably balanced when you think about the national accounts. As you recall, stepping back, our select segment focus is a bit tighter geographical focus, so the Go Deep strategy really guides us into key geographies. Middle market is reasonably broad and national account is a much more of a national proposition. So I would not call out any geographies as the driving force of our growth.
David M. Cordani: Scott, it's David. I'm going to start just macro on the margins and I'm going to ask Ralph to give you the direction on the accretion. But broadly speaking on the margins, at this point, obviously, we're not providing '12 guidance, I mean, it's a pending acquisition, so I'm going to leave you wanting for a little bit. I'd step back and suggest that if you look at HealthSpring, they've been able to generate very attractive margins on a relative basis, and that is a direct result of their ability to effectively partner with physicians, improve clinical quality outcomes as a result of lower costs and return those costs to individuals in terms of better quality, better service, and in many cases, more comprehensive benefit richness that goes along with it, and in part, or in meaningful margins. At this point, we would suggest that the overall margin profile within reason would not change materially as we look forward over the coming several years. I'm going to ask Ralph to frame the macro accretion view.
David M. Cordani: Josh, it's David. Appreciate your comment. Stepping back, if we look in benchmark over the past several years, we have seen in key geographies a meaningful progress in terms of our overall medical costs position, in large part aided by contracting improvement. As we've discussed in the past, some of that has come from just geographic focus. Some of it has come from partnering with the hospitals and collaborating around revenue management processes, working to ease some administrative burdens that go along with that and partnering out some clinical programs and protocols. To the first part of your question, my early look into 2012, hospital contracting and broader physician contracting is in line with our expectations, carrying into the year. On a national basis, we'd suggest no major change in the year-over-year pattern, slight movements here or there. But the headline is in line with our expectations and a good continuity of what we have seen over the last several years and we would appoint a lot of that back to more effective communication in partnering with the hospitals and physicians.
David M. Cordani: Josh, if we go back to our strategy which is, we laid out a little over 2 years ago. So latter part of 2009 when we walked it through with you all, we articulated 3 areas that we viewed were very attractive to growth for us on a go-forward basis and we'll largely pursue inorganically. To further our global profile, seniors including Medicare, and retail, including individual capabilities. So it's been an important part of our strategy. We also said that, that was a 3 to 5-year strategy, and that we would be patient within reason to find models and capabilities that we thought were truly differentiated and able to be sustained -- deliver sustained differentiation. So with HealthSpring, on strategy, for our book of business and our portfolio. And the most important part is, we view that HealthSpring brings a significantly differentiated proposition in the way it partners with physicians and view that it's an opportunity for a sustainable value for customers going forward. As it relates to Radbe, [ph] it did not factor in materially to our timing in any way, shape or form.
David M. Cordani: Justin, again, we're not going to provide detailed guidance, and I appreciate your question in terms of trying to dig in another notch. Let me see if I could help out a little bit. First and foremost, over the long term, your macro conclusions are the right macro conclusions. As it relates to headwinds, tailwinds, I'm not going to go through by business unit, headwinds, tailwinds, I'd give you 2 or 3 items for consideration in terms of forming 2012. First and foremost, a strong momentum in 2011 and the objective to carry momentum in 2012, that was our objective last year, stepping into '11, it's our objective this year. As it relates to 2012, a consideration in terms of just the underlying patterns of medical costs and disability occurrence across our line of business. Secondly, consideration of the level of aggressiveness to the pricing environment. We have demonstrated and committed to demonstrating pricing discipline across all of our lines of business and we will seek to do so in 2012 as well. And third, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the overall economic environment, as we take that into consideration. So stepping back, relative to our prepared remarks, we indicated that we expect our ongoing businesses to grow earnings and we expect that to contribute to EPS growth on an overall basis. So your long-term assumptions are correct, some moving pieces may be in between but we feel good around the building momentum coming out of the year.
David M. Cordani: Justin, David. I'll take the pricing and the Vanbreda piece. First, as it relates to pricing, as we've noted in the past, for several years, we have indicated that the pricing environment is competitive. Having said that, we've seen some pockets recently of elevated competitiveness, especially noted in the risk business and we view that the diversity of our product portfolio helps us from that standpoint. I'd note that for our 2011 projection, the majority of our progress and success has been in ASO. And as I noted in the 2012, early projection and our estimate here, the vast majority of that 400,000 life growth is going to be ASO. So again, competitive pricing environment, we've seen some elevation of competitiveness in geographic pockets. As it relates to Vanbreda, again, at this point, we're not providing detailed 2012 guidance. I would suggest to you that for 2011, the Vanbreda results have played out well for us and it remind you the strategic rationale of why we pursued this. It positioned us by far in a way the leading player as it relates to ex-pats and the needs for the globally mobile. And very importantly, strategically positioned us in the new segment, which are the IGOs, inter-governmental organizations. When we provide more detail guidance for 2012, early part of the year, we'll talk about this in a little more specificity.
David M. Cordani: Justin, you're sneaking a lot of questions. But the good ones, so I appreciate it. First off, relative to the HealthSpring leadership team, first, I want to reiterate, I said on the call before, I feel passionate about it. How I'm impressed I've been, our team has been, with Herb's specifically, and his leadership. The passion, coupled with capabilities, are extremely impressive. Secondly, well, you might take pause at this. I think the opportunity for our 2 organizations together, beyond contractual relationships, which I'll comment on in a moment, are going to be delineated in terms of our shared view of both the responsibility and opportunity to drive change in the health care marketplace. That's what motivates Herb, that's what motivates his leadership team. That's what's the driving force in terms of their effectiveness of partnering with the physicians. We share that passion. So our ability to continue the direction that they have, fuel further growth and fuel further innovation, that's the big opportunity. Having said that, in some of the filings, you'll be able to see that. Herb and key members of his team have signed on for a variety of level of years and that's a bit of a contractual formality that exists. We feel good about that as well, but what's most important is the philosophical alignment and collectively going around -- going out in building the next stage of what the marketplace needs.
David M. Cordani: Christine, it's David. On the first part, as we noted, one of the value creators we see for our 2 organizations is just what you said, expanding the focus and the ability to bring that physician partnership incentive and alignment model to the commercial space. And we see it 2 different ways. One, we see offering in capabilities to be brought forth for today's commercial employer market with a product and a choice alternative. And then secondly, we see an exciting set of opportunities to bring forward for what we'll call the evolving retailer individual market and you could use illustratively the 2014 exchanges and the ability to think about that. So point 1, we see that is a very important part of the opportunities in front of us. And Herb and his team share that, and early interaction that Herb's had with his physician partners, they see that and embrace that opportunity. As it relates to our ACO model, we see them as highly aligned. In some ways, Herb's model is more sophisticated and has driven the incentive alignment further and faster. But the overall ACO model we have, as I mentioned, we've entered our 15th very recently, shares the exact same framework. It's incentive alignment, it's the use of targeting the information to drive quality and service improvement, and it's care-coordination capabilities like case managers, nutritionists and the like. So philosophically, we align -- I would suggest that his model's a bit more sophisticated. As it relates to the 400,000 members, you should assume that our basic rule of thumb still holds. In the select segment, the level of specialty pullthrough is extraordinarily high. In the middle market, generally speaking, the level of specialty pullthrough is high, a little lesser than specialty. And then in the national accounts base, generally speaking, lower. The last comment I'll make is a string to pull throughout. Generally speaking, when we sell consumer-directed or high-engagement base capabilities, the level of specialty pullthrough is higher regardless of the segment because the employer understands the benefit of integration and the benefit of the overall program delivery, so it's a good trajectory there.
David M. Cordani: No, Christine, I would not say that. On the positive, I would say there's a continuation of our progress in the select segment and the middle market and you should view that there's, therefore, a continuation of the specialty trajectory. Secondly, as I mentioned before, the increase in our outlook is driven by an improvement in our international account outlook, so within national accounts, as I referenced before, on average, there is less specialty pullthrough, but on overall portfolios, we lift this 400,000 covered [ph] lives, we'll have lift in our speciality portfolio as well.
David M. Cordani: Correct. As Ted mentioned in his prepared remarks, the base will be reset. The trajectory, though, is what we're referencing.
David M. Cordani: Carl, as I mentioned, if you think about the 2011 membership outlook, the majority of our membership performance in 2011 is ASO. As I referenced for 2012, within the 400,000 net growth of health care customers, we said the vast majority of that is ASO. So stepping back, I'd suggest, if you look at the pattern, what we've seen in the marketplace is continued increased demand for more transparent products, which ASO is the most transparent product in the portfolio, and we've seen an increase in demand as you go down market moving beyond the, I'll call it, the traditional middle-market account of 500 to 800 employees, down to the Select segment of 250 or 200 or 150 and beyond employees. So for CIGNA, ASO continues to be the largest portion of our traction and trajectory, and we see increasing demand in the marketplace, both in the traditional middle-market space, but also down market in the Select segment space.
David M. Cordani: Ana, it's David. So a few questions there. First, I guess the first 2 are tied together, which are relative to the group retirees. Simple answer is yes. Did it factor into our strategic thinking? Yes and absolutely. And we think about it 2 ways. One, we think about the large cadre of emerging Medicare eligibles. So think about the pre-65 retirees and soon-to-be retirees, and beginning to position to coordinate and having continuity of service as best you can as they age into Medicare eligible status. In addition, yes, a large pipeline of Medicare eligible, current Medicare eligible retirees and an opportunity to systematically have a set of offerings and a pipeline from that standpoint. As it relates to the marketplace looking forward, we think over time, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, that having the HealthSpring solution and solutions that will continue to evolve will bode very well for both the existing marketplace, the HealthSpring targets, as well as bringing additional pipeline of opportunities off of our book of business. Your question then goes to the type of employers. I first step back and go and merge this up against our Go Deep strategy. Everything we've been focused on over the last 2.5 years has been around Go Deep. HealthSpring as well understands, knows and has done an extraordinary a good job with Go Deep. So Herb's team and our team talks the same language. So this will be about focus, focus, focus. And then as we indicated in our prepared remarks, we will talk about expanding their platform in key geographies where we see the highest need for our clients and customers, and the highest opportunity going forward.
David M. Cordani: Ana, first, relative to our PBM, we continue to believe that our PBM is performing very well, and as we've noted before, is an important part of our clinical value proposition. Two, as we've indicated before, we built a lot of structural flexibility into our PBM because that space continues to grow from, I'll call it the more traditional aspects of retail and mail-order to putting in place the specialty programs, et cetera. At the end of the day, relative to the opportunities that present themself with HealthSpring coming into the fold, we see further opportunity to add value through the PBM space, and over time, we're going to seek meaningful opportunities to add value over that space. We're cognizant that HealthSpring has a different relationship. We'll make sure we have a detailed understanding of that relationship and make sure that whatever we're doing, first and foremost, puts their customers or soon-to-be our customers first. And then evolve our PBM strategy. But most importantly, there's several significant opportunities for further value creation there. As it relates to your broad question on capital, you should view that we continue to look at a variety of mechanisms for, I'll call it, capital flexibility. And as Ralph noted in his prepared remarks and his follow-up relative to VADBe, we believe we do and we'll continue to have a good capital flexibility on a go-forward basis. So we would not rule out that as a concrete example but we also would not limit to that as a sole example of how to get additional capital flexibility.
David M. Cordani: Relative to the market overlap, first, to be clear, I think as you very well know, we do not have overlap relative to CIGNA and HealthSpring as it relates to Medicare solutions and geographies. So from a regulatory standpoint, that should aid us in the process. From a geographic-focus standpoint and understanding which markets are most important to their growth and our growth, we have a shared alignment around that and a way to approach the market. As it relates to M&A and growth of the markets, it will be, over time, a combination of organic growth of markets, leveraging our collective capabilities, and then opportunistically, acquiring additional footprints that benefit the organization. As it relates to the Humana alliance, as you recall, we put the Humana alliance in place to accommodate the needs of our employer, clients and customers. As you reference, it's a more of a national solution. At this point in time, we would expect post-closing of the HealthSpring acquisition. That both solutions would coexist and then we would work with the Humana leadership to ensure that the solution we have is mutually beneficial to both organizations over time.
David M. Cordani: The one piece I will add is, what we have noticed, and it's important in the utilization trend, is within our portfolio of clients, specifically, for those clients who have some of the more innovative clinical programs attached, we continue to see an uptick in utilization of many of what we'll call the important and right services, so wellness, prevention, medications compliance rates, et cetera. And all of that is taking place in our book of business that, as Ralph mentioned, is showing a good overall medical cost trend. So it's important to note that when we talk about utilization decelerating, it's important to understand that the right types of utilization, of services, of prevention, wellness, when supported with the appropriate clinical programs are actually upticking, that benefits individuals and it benefits clients.
David M. Cordani: David, it's David. So since those views were views that I put forth, I guess I'll address that question. As we go back to the senior solution, when we walk through our strategy, what we did indicate, that when we secure a seniors platform, we view that, that was in opportunity in targeted geographies to selectively explore the Medicaid population, especially ABD population. So we have a shared philosophy and a shared orientation with Herb and his team that it's a market-specific decision and you're going to leverage the seniors capability, the infrastructure, and very importantly, the clinical capabilities and programs. What we were trying to be clear on is that as CIGNA was configured, we did not believe we had differentiated capabilities to enter the Medicaid space where we saw as a growing market. We did not have the capability to differentiate and ultimately win. But if we sought to do it off of a differentiated senior solution and do it opportunistically in key geographies and that's the direction you should expect to see going forward.
David M. Cordani: Yes. So you said 5.5% to 6.5%, I heard you. We were 5.5% to 6%. We've seen continued downtick in that. As you may have heard in my prior comments, very importantly we continue to see for prevention, wellness, kind of key service utilization, actually some uptick there. To the core of your question, we've now provided 2012 specific guidance. You should assume that as we've talked directionally, we are making directional assumptions that the rate and pace of utilization increases throughout the course of 2012 relative to what it's been in 2011 more to historic levels. Time will tell whether or not that's correct. Our basic assumptions, you should think about it, are not a step function on January 1 but that it would transpire us throughout the course of the year. And lastly, general assumption is that our pricing assumptions would be pricing more toward our projected trend and continue to get trued up as we learn more on each monthly cycle.
David M. Cordani: Yes, John, I'm not going to put a number out there. What I might ask you to think about is, if that's your way -- if you take our 5.5% to 6%, for example, of which we have said 2012 relative to 2011 contracting is about intact in terms of rate, pace, size, and if you assume that 2011 had a lighter overall utilization rate, whatever your personal assumptions are in terms of normal utilization, then you could put it on top of the 5.5% to 6% and move it up to your projection. Clearly, we'll provide you guidance. We'll provide more clarity for you, but that's the way we would think about.
David M. Cordani: So John, maybe, again, we're trying to be helpful here. First, as you know, but important to re-orient, 80-plus percent of the business ASO, approaching 10% in terms of shared returns, round numbers 10% guaranteed costs, so to set the frame in terms of the exposure to trend acceleration in any given point in time. In our guaranteed cost of business or risk business, our case size continues to be higher than average versus the industry because, for example, we're not in the under-50 market. The relevance there is that we use case-specific experience to set rates on a go-forward basis. Last relevant data, as you know, greater than 50% of our overall portfolio of business renews on January 1 so as you're thinking about an environment where we have 3 quarters of 2011 with moderate utilization, Ralph indicated we're assuming that 2011 has sum up -- fourth quarter has sum up taking utilization. And my comment relative to 2012 suggests we're projecting an increase in utilization, but not on January 1 kind of ratably throughout the course of the year. You can draw your conclusion. Our conclusion is that we are less exposed than most as it relates to accelerated changes in either direction for medical costs largely because we have a highly transparent portfolio and our incentives are directly aligned, broadly speaking, with our employer clients.
David M. Cordani: Matthew, it's David. So trying to give you a little bit more color. First and foremost, what we've seen is, broadly speaking, we continued [indiscernible] competitive [ph] environment as I've indicated. Within that, I flagged an uptick in level of competitiveness in some key pockets. I referenced earlier that it was specifically that we have seen in the risk space. Relative to CIGNA, I noted that in 2011, the majority of our growth has been in the ASO space and when we flagged our 400,000 customer growth for 2012, we said the vast majority of that would be ASO. And in part, we have seen the pockets of movement in the risk portfolio that we've back away from where we are leveraging our ASO space a little bit more aggressively. If it's public or private, we would say both, and geographies, a few, take Southern California as a good concrete example. And maybe, the tri-state region on the East Coast here as a second example.
David M. Cordani: I want to thank everybody for participating in our call. In closing, I'll briefly highlight key quarterly performance highlights in our 2012 outlook. Our third quarter operating results delivered strong top line and bottom line growth. We continue to invest for our future success, including the pending acquisition of HealthSpring. Based on the strength of our third quarter results, we are confident in achieving our increased outlook for 2011. Given our sustainable profitable growth during the past 2 years, we expect to continue this momentum into 2012 with revenue growth from each of our operating businesses. And we expect to grow our health care membership by at least 400,000 customers in 2012. And in 2012, we expect to achieve solid consolidated earnings and EPS growth. We thank you for joining us on the call today and look forward to speaking with you in the future. Have a great day.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Scott, I think on accretion, there's a few ways to look at this. With all-in costs, that being integration costs, transition costs and ongoing amortization, we do expect the transaction to be accretive in the first full year. If you look at it on a full year basis, excluding the one-time integration and transaction costs, it will be highly accretive. And clearly, if you exclude the amortization, so you want a cash accretion basis, we would expect to see it very solidly accretive, approaching double digits. So again, highly strategic and financially attractive, both near term and long term.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Sure, sure. Well, yes, Scott, we accomplished a lot in addressing the Run-off business this year. We did create the separate structure with Arbor. We continue to refine our hedging strategies. We increased the level of capital in that business earlier part of 2011. And very committed to continue to explore different options for this business to manage those liabilities. We do have the capabilities to address any opportunities that do come about. We think the exposure is manageable and don't believe that the HealthSpring acquisition is going to necessarily impede us in any way of addressing that.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Sure. Peter, it's Ralph. A couple of points within your question. First, our capital deployment priorities really remain unchanged. We want to support the internal business, pursue acquisitions that are both strategic and financially attractive, and then look at opportunities beyond that to return value to shareholders. Regarding HealthSpring's specifically and the capital there, as we look at the capital levels of the business today, what we have modeled is that we will, over time, increase that capital level, but that could be done within the cash generation of the business, so we would not envision infusing additional capital from the parent level into the business to bring up the capital ratio from where it is. So we have looked at that and we certainly believe that there's sufficient cash flow within that operation to step that up. Regarding overall capital and deployment, as we set up the equity and debt financing going forward, our plan would be, as I mentioned in the call earlier this week, to bring our debt to capitalization ratio down to more of our historic target levels in that 25% to 30% range, in a reasonable period of time. And then with that, as we do that, that becomes a near-term priority to bring some of that level down. But that also enables us to have enough flexibility to look at other opportunities, both in and outside the U.S., consistent with our strategies. And I think, importantly, throughout all this, both businesses generate very strong cash flows so we would expect to be seeing cash moving up to the parent from the subsidiaries of both companies.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: It's hard to say with the rate and pace exactly. But we would think certainly over the next 24 months, we're going to see -- we'll see movement. Certainly, movement up in the RBC ratio, but in that time frame, we would also expect to see some generation up to the parent as well.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Kevin, it's Ralph. At this point in time, it hasn't been finalized yet so what I would suggest there could be a range of estimates in there. So I'd prefer not to lock into any one particular estimate. I think importantly, as we said, with amortization or excluding amortization, we think the transaction would be accretive. I think that's very important. But the actual amortization estimate really needs to be still finalized.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Just maybe just a couple of points. Obviously, there's a lot of moving parts to that in pieces, but in the quarter, maybe just for perspective, we recorded an additional $19 million in the quarter after-tax on rebates, so year-to-date, $44 million after-tax is what we have on the rebate accrual.
