Ralph J. Nicoletti: Maybe I think -- maybe all I can just add is, within the Health Care segment on our guaranteed portion of the business, which is a smaller percentage of the total, there is some pricing in there to the cost trend as well, so that we play through the revenue, with no change to the medical cost ratio net. So there's a little bit of revenue lift just from the small part of our guaranteed book. And I think just overall, I think you could think of it as in the long term, we look at this business growing, in mid-single digits on the revenue line, and we certainly are putting a great step in that direction this year.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Ana, it's Ralph. First, there's a lot of moving parts in all this. So let me, in a couple of parts to your question. First, overall, we came in at where we expected. And in the first -- just to remind you on our guaranteed cost of book of business, again, a small piece of our total portfolio, but having said that, came in as we expected. Essentially, you're a year flat. Also, what you see -- back on the comment you made on the payable, there's some noise in there because we exited the Private Fee for Service business and so as those liabilities ran out, you see a reduction in those liabilities. So when you strip that out, it's a fairly even level year-to-year. So that has some noise in the numbers looking year-on-year. And then I think, also importantly, in the fourth quarter you see a jump year-on-year, quarter-on-quarter. Again, full year, it's essentially where we expected, essentially flat. In the quarter, you see a big jump. Because just the prior period development flow into the fourth quarter of 2010 was significantly higher than the flow of prior period development on our guaranteed cost book of business in the fourth quarter this year. So there was about a 400 basis-point swing, and it's all because of that. So absent the change in the prior period flow, we're essentially flat year-on-year.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: No. I mean, essentially for '12, even to this year, essentially, Ana, there may be some wiggle in there because of mix that runs through. But essentially to David's point, we're pricing to where the trend is, so you'd expect a fairly even level year-to-year on ratio.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Yes, I mean you can obviously have to draw your conclusion, but as we tried to lay out in our prepared remarks, really there's 2 things relative to that point that we try to be very clear on. One, it's our practice and we're consistent with we do not put any assumption for reserve development in our future years. So that's held out and anything that transpires, we have transparence and clarity. Two, we've projected for an uptick in utilization. You see the trend numbers we've talked about, we've priced for that. And to your conclusion, to the extent it manifests itself at a slower or different rate, they'll be both contribution to our clients and customers and some contribution for our shareholders.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Sure, and Joshua, as David mentioned, too, we had -- and Ted, we had a slide and that we posted on the website that helps -- would help bring some clarity to this, too, beyond our speaking points. A couple of things, one, when you look at the earnings outlook for HealthSpring, which we put in a range of $160 million to $180 million. On an accretion basis, that would be $0.03 to $0.10 per share, accretive. And then when you add back the amortization, which we pointed out was skewed to the early years here, it would bring us to 10% cash EPS accretion. So immediate accretion, coming right into the first year. And then beyond that, as we think about it, there are some other things. There's another month coming through, there's only 11 months out of '12. The amortization does pare down over time as we pointed out. And then also, the build of cost and revenue synergies and growth opportunities are really out ahead of us, beyond 2012. So I think the opportunity for additional accretion and value creation is really going well beyond 2012. But the good news is, we're immediately accretive right out of the gate.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: This -- in 2012, there are some, but not that significant. And I would say, while we don't obviously have the plan forward beyond '12 fully laid out, I think you'd expect '12, '13 to be relatively even in the amount of integration costs that flow in both of those years.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: I'd rather not at this time because we really just closed the transaction. They're kind of formulating those plans. But I think importantly, the tailwinds on this are clearly you have the synergies, both cost and revenue growth-oriented, really all outside of 2012. So those will really be coming to 2013 and beyond. And there's very little if any in 2012. And then you have the benefit as we talked about of the timing items of the additional month and the amortization skew.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Just, I'll take that one. In terms of the fourth quarter, I think a couple of points I'd want to make. One, is that importantly, in a year ago in the fourth quarter, we had a gain of about $11 million from the sale of the Intercore business. So that's affecting the comparison. But having said that, even if you would adjust for that, earnings were slightly down in the quarter year-on-year. And what we're seeing there is some favorable claims experience, continuing on the Life side of the business, continuing increase -- I wouldn't say at a higher rate, but at the similar rate that we've been seeing in the back half of this year on the Disability side of the business, which is offsetting some of the favorable Life side. And we continue to make investments on both systems and then kind of capabilities in terms of case management and being able to work with our clients and customers on early engagement and managing through for better outcomes, which ultimately, over time is going to play out to improving disability trends, which we've seen in the past. So those pieces are all moving and that's why you see, the -- even after adjusting for the gain in last year, a slight decline in the Group earnings. Then when you move into 2012 -- here as we said, we're on a macro basis, our assumption is that we're going to be in a continued difficult economic environment. And on that basis, we're expecting to see some of the pressure on the disability claims side continue, and in a more even level of, I would call, continued good performance on the Life side, so we're not necessarily getting earnings lift, but we're continuing to see good performance there. And then making some year-on-year modest investments. So that's why you see the range that we put out there to be even-to-slightly down relative to this year's results. And this year, we're exiting with we think the appropriate level reserves on the balance sheet, and we're comfortable how that's been set up given the experience we've seen.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Sure. What we're seeing on the couple of the components here, on inpatient, mid- to high-single digits, outpatient, more mid-single-digit level, pharmacy come in the 3% range. Those are the trends that we see that makeup, in total the 5%.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Sure. Charles, it's Ralph. I was feeling great about our position as we exit the year, significant amount of cash on hand. We expect -- as I mentioned in my remarks, subsidiary dividends at about $1.3 billion. And then included in our plans would be to continue to fund our pension plan well above the minimum requirements and continue to do that, as well as when you look at other net sources and uses, we would expect to have just a little less than $1 billion of available cash. We'd like to keep about half of that, sort of conservatively for flexibility, held at the parent. And that means the other half, we would be looking to redeploy. The other thing I would add to that is with that type of plan, we will be making a meaningful step down in our leverage ratio based on the earnings contribution from the business. And frankly, we have a little bit of flexibility there, too, in terms of the timing of that. So that gives us some additional capability. But all in, our expectation will be a little less than $1 billion at the parent at the end of the year, and about half of that, clearly deployable, and then we have some flexibility beyond that.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Yes, I think you're looking at it pretty correctly. There's the interest piece in there, and then it is a plan, and we have no specific area designated for the balance that you point out.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: More sequentially, Carl. So each year for the next few years about 10% to 15% lower. Carl, just one other item though, just remember there's another month in 2013, so it will even be in the lower end of the range next year, but then more at the higher end of the range sequentially after that.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: I guess the other thing I'd add, too, we also stay disciplined on our pricing and underwriting, too, and I think that's very important. And so we're not just kind of going after revenue, but we're trying to strike the right balance there, too. So I think the team there has put some good discipline in place, too, as we work through this.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Yes, our guidance for '12 is consistent with the performance and the expectations that we put in the valuation. As I put it in our remarks, and the very significant accretion, I think there's some trickiness in trying to reconcile the guidance to what is ultimately there for a few different reasons. One, on a tax, before tax, after-tax basis, you have to add back the amortization, the additional month, and there's a lot of moving pieces within there, and there is a little bit of the integration cost included that you wouldn't have seen in the -- that you wouldn't have seen in that projection that was in the proxy. So when you put those pieces together, we're pretty close to where that is and we're spot on to where we were in our valuation.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Sure, Peter, it's Ralph. A couple of pieces in here, when you look at the sequential flow of the International earnings, the reserve studies -- actually, several of them across different geographies, actually in the year ago, while we're in the fourth quarter this year, they were completed in the third quarter, and we recognize them. Think about in around the $5 million after-tax range as an impact. The other thing that we did point out, which is a one -- it's an item for -- that happened in the fourth quarter and will recur in '12, is that the tax rate in Korea did not decline. It was expected to decline and then there was a rule from the government there that they would not decline it from 24% to 22%. We had to recognize that in full in our fourth quarter this year for the deferred tax liabilities that we had. So you had an outside impact in the fourth quarter of '11, which will carry about the same level of impact in 2012. And then, the other areas are on the staging of the market expansions particularly in India and Turkey, as well as some costs to streamline operations throughout the International areas, no one area in a significant way. So when you put all those together, that's -- those are the drivers of the change. I think when you step back then from it, I don't think you should feel really any different about our margins and how we talked about those being in the higher single digit area over time. But quarter-to-quarter, they're going to bounce around a little bit because of these kinds of things.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: You're right, the DAP piece does have a couple of hundred basis-point impact on margins. No impact to cash flow, no impact to returns.
David M. Cordani: Sure. Clearly the earnings contribution from HealthSpring is affected by amortization. I had mentioned in my remarks, it's about $130 million after-tax. The valuation is still being finalized by some outside experts, but this is a pretty good estimate. And in the phasing of the amortization is, as you point out, skewed early -- to the early years. So what we would expect to see over the next several years is about a 10% to 15% decline in the level off of this year, over the next several years, and then you begin to see it level out.
David M. Cordani: It's David. We view 2012 as a good year and so let me put context around it. And importantly, I want to start from where your question did, the market place, the market demand. When we look at '12, '13 and beyond, we continue to shift back here in the U.S. of the orientation of buyers around the health and productivity focus, the orientation around the movement around incentive, engagement-based programs, both for the consumer, client-driven, but also increasingly, in terms of physician partnership. And then the increasing demand for the transparent programs that we offer, whether it's ASO or experience-rated. Outside the U.S., the palpable, continued growth of the middle class in emerging markets and our physicians, and the growth of the globally mobile, all bode well for us as we look to buying trends. So to your point, we feel good about the top line positioning both in terms of what we're stepping out of '11 and into '12 with in the U.S. and outside the U.S. As we look at our '12 guidance, our '12 guidance has a variety of things that we assume in it. First and foremost, as we referenced, Ralph and I referenced, there's no capital deployment in the way we build up our assumption. There's no reserve development in the way we build up our assumption. We're stepping into the year with the 500,000 customers in the U.S. Health Care business, and sustained growth in our International business. We have 11 months of contribution from HealthSpring, and as Ralph also articulated, we have a first year upward skewing of the amortization that comes along with that. And within taking all of that into consideration, plus the full year of financing, we have an outlook that is in the 2% to 10% range. And if you bookend that with '11 and the directional comments I made for '13, the 10% to 13% is a multi-year. It's not a year-in, year-out. It's a multi-year view, and we're making investments and strategic positioning in the company to make sure we can continue to deliver that. So we view '12 as a good year. We view '11 as a good year. And we're quite excited about setting up an even more attractive year to look to '13.
David M. Cordani: Sure. Josh, I'll try to give it to you in a macro level, and there's a couple of supplemental pieces of information we tried to help, as Ted noted, in the advanced materials. But then I'll ask Ralph to expand on the HealthSpring, specifically. But at the end of the day, consistent with what we've talked with you all about in our Investor Days and otherwise, as we look forward, we see the U.S. commercial business, with focus of delivering sustained mid-single digit revenue growth opportunities with somewhat above that in terms of earnings growth. We see the Medicare and Seniors space delivering high single, low double-digit growth in our earnings opportunities. And we see the International business continuing to deliver mid- to upper teens delivery results on a growth basis, and then, as we've talked about, before we have the additional capital deployment that would come off of our free cash flow. So it's the combination of those 2 that come together, the organic contribution with the balance in our portfolio of the U.S., to the Seniors and then the International business with ongoing capital deployment that steps us up as we go forward.  Ralph, if I could ask you just to highlight the kind of EPS in-year on HealthSpring? I think that would be helpful.
David M. Cordani: John, let me just try to frame that broadly. When you look at first year, I think if you take the 5% and you look at the 500,000 lives we're talking about, you can kind of correlate the 2, and you're saying, well, where's the margin expansion? One, I think you know and recognize that when you have first year contribution of lives, there's cost to setting up those lives, bringing those lives on board, et cetera. So we're building a future annuity. And we're building a high quality future annuity if you like. Secondly, we've been very clear. We're continuing to make very targeted investments in the business, and we'll continue to make those investments. We've expanded our brand spending. We're expanding some capability builds, and we're making trade-offs around that. And that both presents a headwind and a tailwind opportunity for the rate and pace of the investments we'll make relative to that. And finally, consistent with my answers to Ana before, we were making estimation that there's going to be some uptick in medical cost trend as we go forward. So we think the estimate on the page is a prudent estimate, and it's an estimate that's based upon both the underlying earnings power, stepping off a very strong 2011, as you said with or without the reserve development, good organic growth. Very importantly, we're choosing to invest back in the business. And we will guide the rate and pace of that as we look on the fundamentals. But we've boded well in terms of yields from that. We'll continue to make those investments as we look into the future.
David M. Cordani: John, on the first part of your question, and as you'd expect, I'm not going to give you a pinpoint answer. But your question was to step up investments and versus the 5%. You can think about several points of discretion that we're taking in terms of redeploying operating earnings back into the business, above and beyond the historic run rate. And we'll make trade-offs. So back your typical question of headwinds and tailwinds, we've demonstrated over the last couple of years that we'll make trade-offs relative to the rate and pace of those investments, be they technology, geography, brand capability build out, but we'll continue to do so because we're running the business for the long term.
David M. Cordani: It's David. So let me just frame that and then answer the specific question. First is, I think we have a very successful individual franchise outside the U.S. and I want to just touch on the key strength there because it converts over to some of the U.S. direction. So our key strength there is really market segmentation and targeted needs identification, down to micro-segments, product development and innovation, and then the multi-channel distribution, be it telemarketing, Internet distribution, DirecTV. Back here in the U.S., the line you're talking about, over the last 2 years we've been driving some very targeted pilots in the individual primary space. To drive some targeted growth, we wanted to target about 100,000 lives or so over a couple of years, which we did in some specific geographies and test some innovation, product design, underwriting approaches, seeing the change in regulatory environment, some micro sub-segmentations, some different distribution channel approach. Yes, we did broker an agent, but we did distribution outside that. And we're able to grab some very good learnings from a profitability or drain standpoint. The loss ratios are in line with our expectations. It's a sub-scale business so the expense ratio is not where you'd want it to be for a long -- on a long-term basis. Lastly, it bridges back to your comment. One of the things we're quite excited about with HealthSpring is in Health Care, especially individual Health Care is so local, the ability to use their, what we call, physician-directed network approach and physician-directed partnership approach to offer very targeted commercial offerings for individuals as we go forward, and we're going to seek to build on that. None of that is built into our 2012 estimation as Ralph mentioned. Revenue growth and profitability synergies are broadly 13 and beyond. But we will build on that. So what you're seeing in the expenses is the underlying operations for that, about 100,000 lives. There will be a little bit more growth to that as we target -- play with some initiatives in 2012 and we're excited about stepping into '13 well in advance of '14 changes and distribution.
David M. Cordani: Christine, it's David. Relative to Vanbreda, first off, for 2011, the earnings contribution from Vanbreda in 2011 was a bit higher than our expectations. A little bit of that was some internalization of the underwriting margins a bit ahead of plan for '11 versus '12. Some of it was expenses. Some of it was new business growth. Looking into 2012, the '11 base is a little higher, but at end of the day, the 2012 number is lower than our original 2012 expectations. Really 2 forces, competitive pricing environment in the global landscape relative to that sub-segment is elevated, and we're maintaining our pricing discipline. So less business. Secondly, the rate and pace of internalization of some of the underwriting margins are lower or less than what we had planned for 2012. So net-net, better in 2011, less in 2012. As Ralph mentioned, strategically, we still feel good about the outset, and with that movement in 2012, which we'll note with our International guidance, we're still expecting to grow the International earnings in the 20% to 30% range in 2012, which we think is an outstanding result.
David M. Cordani: Charles, David. I'll just give you the macro, and ask Ralph to give you the pieces. At the end of the day when you think about the 2011 trend, you should think about the vast majority of that 5 percentage unit. So at the headline, you think about the vast majority of that is unit costs. As it relates to the components, you'd expect to see the facility side of it to be higher than the professional side. Ralph has a few other pieces to highlight for you.
David M. Cordani: I appreciate it. First, when you think about that business, think about the 2 major drivers of that business today, are the Individual business where we target the emerging and growing middle class in the emerging markets, and then the globally mobile business. Both of those businesses have inherent tailwinds behind them in terms of just secular growth. And the underlying business strategy for International that we've been consistent around is that it is a growth business and it is a top line growth story. We've -- as we articulated, our 10% to 13% EPS growth for the corporation, we did not embed, I'll call it, margin expansion that would generate what you said. So what you said is you'd grow the bottom line faster than the top line. The exciting part of this business is we see over the strategic horizon, the ability to achieve top line growth rates, high teens and potentially beyond, as we've demonstrated over the recent past. We're making investments to make sure we're in position because product innovation and geographic expansion is a key enabler to us. As the market moves and changes, if you take your hypothesis that we don't see unfolding over the next 3 or 4 years, if the market -- a certain of our markets mature a little bit more, yes, we have markets in our portfolio, we're the bottom line grows faster than the top line, but the portfolio in total, you're going to see more of the top line and bottom line either grow in-line, or it's slightly different if we're making growth investments.
David M. Cordani: It's -- I appreciate the question. Broadly speaking, it's opportunity delayed, right? It's a -- there's a market environment out there. There's a pretty differentiated value proposition. There is purchasing cycles that IGOs and NGOs have. And as you go through those purchasing cycles, as you might imagine, just like other business, the larger entities have longer-duration purchasing cycles, the smaller entities have shorter-duration purchasing cycles. So that's wherein both Ralph's comments and my comments. We still feel good about this capability and positioning strategically. So we view it as more opportunity-delayed as we manage the portfolio in total.
David M. Cordani: Kevin, you think about it in a couple of steps. Herb's business model has done a nice job of being able to, I'll say, expand to related geographies. So just think about counties expanding off of the existing geographies. We'll push hard on that in collaborating with Herb and his team to drive some acceleration. The work as you might imagine is already underway to figure out the additional geographies. And it's an open question in terms of the rate and pace in terms of how fast we'll be able to step into those in '13. '14 for sure, and the heavy lifting work is being done right now from a sequencing standpoint between the new geographies for MA and the existing geographies to drive the commercial business into.
David M. Cordani: We did not -- it's David, we did not -- the Korean business retention rates were outstanding in 2011, new business growth and product innovation. And think about Korea -- predominantly, when we talk about Korea, think about that as the individual Health, Life and Accident portfolio. Now we service expats in Korea, of course, but with bulk of the earnings driver when we talk about Korea is the individual Health, Life and Accident business. As opposed to Vanbreda, think about expats largely IGO, intergovernment organizations. But we did not see any impact to speak of in Korea.
David M. Cordani: Just briefly, I want to thank you for your questions today and your continued interest in Cigna. And in closing, just to emphasize a few points from our discussion. One, I'm pleased with the continued progress we are having in executing our strategy and just highlight that our results reflect the dedication and commitment of our 30,000-plus colleagues around the world who work tirelessly to improve the health, well-being and sense of security of our customers. The milestones that we've reached and the steps that we're targeted to take in 2012 and beyond, position us for a very strong top line and bottom line growth, specifically in our highly-focused U.S. commercial business, our International business and our Seniors and Medicare business here in the United States. We view that our 2012 outlook represents a competitively attractive result and we are positioned for long-term sustained growth. And finally, I'm confident in our ability to achieve our full year 2012 strategic financial and operating goals. We thank you for joining today's call and look forward to our future discussions.
