David Cordani: It's David. So yes, is the simple answer. So relative to my comments on the selling season, more specifically focused on the -- both in the Evernorth side of the house, the large employer, a large health plan side of the business. In the commercial side, the national account side of the business. So headline there is on the Evernorth piece of the equation. Another year of strong client retention overall for the portfolio as well as attractive new business wins. I think importantly to underscore as well, we continue to see traction of what we call enterprise leverage. So opportunities to deepen and expand relationships. First, within the traditional Evernorth portfolio, the successful renewal of the DoD also presented the opportunity to win and secure the exclusive specialty services. And then beyond that, we’re broadening and deepening relationships with key health plan clients by leveraging the best of Evernorth and Cigna Healthcare. On the commercial national account side, we see 2023, looking up to be a very strong retention year and some really attractive new business adds. So good, good performance on both sides of the equation. As Brian noted in his prepared remarks, also just continued strong performance in the commercial side of the Select segment.
David Cordani: Josh, it's David. So our Medicare Advantage business remains a key point of focus for us. And as you recall from our Investor Day conversation, we view it as one of our accelerate platforms. So a platform where we have the opportunity for outsized growth over the long term. We continue to make investments in that business, both in the core aspects of the business as well as in the geographic expansion. Our 2022 results are not indicative of what we would expect to see over the long term. And importantly, in your question, which I think you touched upon insightfully one of the pieces, we did a bit of network reconfiguration to put us in some key markets in a position for longer-term growth, where we had attractive network positions, but not growth outlook from that standpoint. Shifting to '23, we would expect a year of growth to reaccelerate for ourselves in the Medicare Advantage business. As we discussed, that date by in geography growth today, existing geographies beginning to leverage the hard work that was done in 2021 and in '22 in terms of geographic expansion. Targeted and further investments in distribution and marketing as well as beginning to harness more yield out of what we think about in terms of our inside or more captive opportunities. Those are commercial agents that we talked about before, where we’ve had a low conversion rate, our PDP conversions or a med sup conversions. So headline, yes, some network reconfiguration, a lot of that was addressed in this current year, harnessing the benefit of the geographic expansion work that was done and then harnessing some benefits that we would expect to see out of the channels I made reference to. Therefore, we expect 2023 to be a year of growth for us.
David Cordani: So as Brian made reference to in the prior answer, I think it was to Kevin's point relative to Cigna Healthcare margins. He referred to the Medicare Advantage margins as being below our target margin. So as we grow the margin in the overall portfolio of business. That business is running at below target margins. We would expect to see margin improvement in 2023, to be very specific off of 2022's results and be able to grow although that portfolio will run below our target margins for a variety of reasons, including our investments in growth initiatives looking forward. But specifically, we expect growth and some margin expansion in that business, yet it will run below our target as we continue to invest in growing that portfolio. As it relates to the second part of your question, and Stars, I think you’re identifying the phenomenon for 2024 first off of the present. We feel really good about our present Star configuration and the strong value that, that reinforces that we provide. To look for 2024 seems to indicate that the industry as a whole will have some Stars dislocation for the reasons you articulated. The disaster release configuration, the prolonged impact of COVID, the data transfer that comes across with that and the changes within the disaster release program. So we would expect to have some adjustment to our Stars consistent with what transpires for the industry at large. And obviously, that will become clear towards the latter part of this year for the industry as a whole as well as for ourselves.
David Cordani: Michael, it's David. Let me just briefly start and hand it over to Brian. First, to underscore, we're quite pleased with the results. Our teams are executing quite well. And Brian will come across the pricing, but he underscored in his prepared remarks as well, the affordability. It's 2 dimensions working together. So -- it's getting first and foremost, consultatively the right solutions in place, employer by employer within all of our segments, whether they're select segment employers. What the market knows is middle market employers were national account employers and then it's executing the right affordability initiatives to be able to give -- deliver the right value and then executing from a pricing standpoint. So I want to underscore, it’s both of those pieces coming together to create the sustainability and our attractive underlying both retention and new business growth, coupled with the margins we’re quite pleased with. Brian, I’ll ask you to speak a little bit more towards the pricing dimension.
David Cordani: It's David. So I think the dimension to your question first on the second piece, we see a very active pipeline. We've seen an active pipeline. As I noted previously, our retention results have been strong and importantly, underscoring even in 2022, commented relative to 23 start. But in '22, our retention results are strong even with the rate execution that Brian made reference to. So good retention within our portfolio, quite an active pipeline across various aspects of our business. On the first part of your question, it's a really long conversation. Let me boil it down. There's no doubt that the environment remains dynamic, disrupted, challenging from an employer standpoint to be able to attract, retain, have the engagement levels for their coworkers. A couple of phenomenons I would underscore to your point. One, in the prolonged pandemic environment, employers are dealing with, call it, the nomadic lifestyle of more of their employees. So first and foremost, on the commercial side, truly having a seamless commercial network for their employees because the higher percentage of the coworkers are consuming care in various locations as opposed to more traditional or centralized locations geographically. Secondly, seeking to advance as aggressively as possible, behavioral health services and the connection of behavioral health services with physical health services. And I highlighted several of those in my prepared remarks. That remains front and center. Third, on the cost and the affordability side of the equation, open-mindedness even push to more aggressively adopt whether they’re site of care optimization programs. So how do you get better affordability with existing even improve quality by optimizing site of care for an individual patient or bringing more services closer to the individual, both dealing with the nomadic lifestyle as well as site of care, virtual digital-first, closer intimacy. And those are areas that have been high on strategy for us. So you’re correct. There’s a lot of dynamism in the marketplace today, being consultative in terms of putting the right solution suite together, mission-critical, having the services between our Evernorth and Cigna Healthcare portfolio mission-critical right now and then being able to optimize that national network, the site of care optimization kind of the multimodal virtual coordinated care is mission-critical right now. A.J., I hope that helps.
David Cordani: Sure, Brian. Thanks. And Brian, maybe under your point. Therefore, we seldom talk through about a rebasing framework, Justin. As it relates to headwind tailwinds, we would typically go through that in more detail on the third quarter call and then detailed guidance in the fourth quarter call, but maybe a step back to, as you may recall from Investor Day, we talked about a few of the more macro opportunities for 2023. So first and foremost, think about foundational and fundamental growth across our businesses. As we commented today, we would expect another year of growth for the organization, both on the Cigna Healthcare side of the equation as well as Evernorth side of the equation. Secondly, a topic we have not discussed here, but we discussed previously at Investor Day we would expect to see further contributions from the biosimilar trend, which will begin to accelerate 2023, accelerate further in 2024, but some contribution of the biosimilar trend, of which we are well positioned and configured to deliver value for our clients, customers and patients on as well as benefit for our shareholders. On the headwind side, just to give illustrations, we’ve highlighted set up – what we call setup costs for very large clients, whether they’re very large client renewals or expansions. There’s a set of costs in a gestation cycle relative to that. And then lastly, the rate and pace of our strategic investments that we choose to make given the rapid changes in the environment may create a little bit more headwind year-over-year, which we would highlight. But net-net, we would expect another positive year for 2023, off of what is shaping up to be a very strong year for 2022.
David Cordani: Lisa, it's David. You packed a lot in there. So let me try to run through them. First, from a retention standpoint, think about 95-plus. We believe anything in the mid-90s plus is a quite strong result given the diversity of our business for that portfolio. And as I noted on the prior comment, in addition to that, think about us continuing to deepen the relationships we have with broadening of services. As I noted, whether it's adding specialty exclusive or otherwise as well as the enterprise leverages, we have some relationships that are becoming deeper with leveraging Cigna Healthcare capabilities for legacy Evernorth relationships or vice versa. But think retention, 95-plus is something that we view as quite attractive. As it relates to the biosimilars, your specific question on formulary that finalization typically takes place as we approach the fourth quarter. So the dynamism being managed through. And as you know, with your background relative to the space, there's a lot of dynamism relative to that as it relates to choice client by client as well. We think about our national preferred formulary finalization more approaching the fourth quarter versus in the current dynamic and time frame. And specific to the timing of the opportunity, as we discussed previously, I would think about the biosimilar acceleration. While there's some movement, obviously, in 2022, '23 is active year with fixation and focus on HUMIRA and the transition. That will begin to ramp in 2000 and contributions will begin to ramp in 2023, but accelerate much further in '24 and obviously going to '25. Lastly, relative to 340B. As folks know, 340B is a really important program that a lot of health care delivery systems benefit from as they serve disadvantaged and underserved populations to help them get the right level of affordability. There's been some dislocation in that program and some pharmaceutical manufacturers have you lately decided to stop or decrease or create tension for health care delivery systems participation in that. As it relates to Cigna specifically through our Evernorth portfolio, it’s not a material driver of 2022 results, hence, we didn’t call it out. Any change or disruption, and that is not a material driver to 2022 results from that standpoint, although there’s been some activity, and we’ve seen some deceleration in volume as some of the data transfer tension has grown. We’ve seen that a little bit trough in the second quarter, and we see emergence of some improvement or acceleration in those activities in the beginning of the third quarter here as we work with health care delivery systems to try to help them get the data across that pharmaceutical manufacturers are challenging them to deliver. But again, not a material driver for us thus far, Lisa.
David Cordani: Kevin, it's David. You're correct, there's -- once again, some proposed legislation that's manifesting. And in the builders, there's orientation relative to pharmaceutical pricing. Stepping back, big picture, if you look at the breadth and the shape of our Evernorth portfolio as well as the diversification of services we have, both on the core pharmacy services, specialty pharmacy services, the innovation we've been able to bring to the market, the clinical programs we have, the significant amount of transparency we have with clients of a variety of choices. There is no item that we see currently in any of the proposed legislation that we view as a unique or a significant dislocation to our business. That doesn't mean there's not an environment of change. But back to managing the portfolio, the breadth of our services, the continued commitment to innovation, the evolution of our clinical programs, the evolution of our financing and funding mechanisms, affording choice to our commercial clients, health plan clients, et cetera, from that standpoint, positions us as we best see well even with the proposed legislation, and we continue to track the emergence of that day to day.
David Cordani: Steven, it's David. Just to the macro level, 2 points. One, we remain quite pleased with the overall performance of Evernorth and the sustained performance within Evernorth. Two, to your point, I give you caution in terms of triangulating any one quarterly pattern. You're correct, the rate and pace of the investments we're making. You made a reference relative to the Q-over-Q revenue growth, a little bit of the lumpiness in terms of the way the revenue manifests itself, for example, in Q1 and Q2 of last year. But the overall revenue trajectory and the overall earnings trajectory is quite helpful. Lastly, kind of pivoting down into your investment piece, we continue to make accelerated and growing investments within our accelerate platforms, 2 of those are within Evernorth, specifically the specialty pharmaceutical business through both Accredo and CuraScripts, but heavily targeted towards the Evernorth Care piece. We showcased some of the direction of that at our Investor Day and you should continue to expect to see us continue to ramp relative to that. So if there’s any pattern or outside spending or investments that manifest itself beyond the large client set up costs, it’s really the strategic investments we’re making within our Evernorth care part of the equation today.
David Cordani: It's David. Relative to the capital allocation and specifically coming to value-based care. And I want to, for a moment, just parse value-based care and care delivery ownership. As it relates to value-based care, we have a very longstanding commitment to and proven track record relative to value-based care. And for us, for starters, that means aligning incentives, leveraging clinical capabilities and working hand in glove with medical professionals to be able to deliver higher, more sustainable outcomes and value than otherwise can be done through a fee-for-service relationship. So today, we have a variety of programs underway with a little less than 50% of the overall equation in commercial being in a value-based care or reward-based configuration, conversely approaching 75% in Medicare Advantage. As it relates to the contribution of that, we see that as contributing to the great medical cost performance that Brian made reference to several times during the call. Now to your capital allocation and ownership configuration our orientation continues to be our preferred approach is to partner with and enable health care delivery systems for the way I just made reference to. However, in addition to that, if in key geographies, we believe the way in which to deliver the sustained outcome and approaches to own physical delivery of care. We will own, but that will be a geographic configuration for physical ownership. Added to that, in consistent, we seek to own care delivery assets that we believe are highly differentiated over the long term in terms of clinical capabilities as well as leverageable multi-geographic or nationally. What do I mean by that? Specialty pharmaceutical, behavioral health care, virtual care delivery are great examples of that. And Lance, going to the last part of your question, those services were more likely than not be Evernorth care capabilities that are offered to Cigna Healthcare commercial or Medicare Advantage, but also offered to the open broad marketplace from that same point and customized to the needs of large stand-alone employers, integrated delivery systems and health line clients. So you should expect as those programs continue to grow, they will be Evernorth care programs offer to Cigna Healthcare, but also offered broadly speaking, to the broad addressable market we have outside of Cigna Healthcare through Evernorth.
David Cordani: Yes. It's great and credit to sneak a follow-on there. So take the second part of your piece, Cigna Medical Group is now Evernorth Care. It's an Evernorth Medical Group, it's rebranded as Evernorth, so it's the actions and the words line up from that standpoint. CareAllies remains currently focused intensely on the Cigna Healthcare portion in the Medicare Advantage portion and the value-based care relationships within our Medicare Advantage are currently in support of the MA only. So 2 different postures given the gestation of those programs, but the Cigna Co. Group is fully functioning as part of the Evernorth care platform today.
David Cordani: George, it's David. There's nothing unique I would call out. That doesn't mean it's -- nothing is happening. As you referenced, it's a dynamic environment. But there's nothing unique I would call out, and our team continues to work with our pharmacy partners to make sure we get the right balance of access, accessibility, obviously, servicing clinical quality and affordability for our clients and our patients and customers. But no unique pattern or tension point or formation I would call out.
David Cordani: Just to reinforce the linkage you created, the favorability, yields, lower medical cost trend and therefore, better affordability for our clients and that is a positive contributor to both retention as well as our ability to get responsible rate increases. It's also importantly not only a contributor to retention, when we're able to validate the value we were able to deliver it puts us in a position to deepen relationships, so to broaden services from that standpoint. But the linkage you created was absolutely correct.
David Cordani: First, thanks for everybody for joining our call today. And just to reiterate a few pieces, we built good momentum through the first quarter and we carried into the second quarter, and therefore, we're confident in our ability to deliver our increased EPS outlook of at least $22.90 for 2022 as well as our increased revenue and customer growth outlook. Additionally, before I close, I want to just pause and recognize and express my personal appreciation to our more than 70,000 coworkers who demonstrate through their continued focus and dedication and support our ability to deliver for all those we have the privilege to serve for our customers, our clients, our patients, our partners and ultimately, to convert that for you, our shareholders. We look forward to talking to you again soon about how we continue to advance our mission of improving health, well-being and peace of mind of those we serve and our continued approach to make health care services and solutions more affordable, predictable and simple. Thanks, and have a great day.
Brian Evanko: Kevin, it's Brian. So thanks for the question on the Cigna Healthcare margin trajectory. Just to maybe rewind the clock a little bit. If you look back at 2021, that part of our business generated a margin of 8.1% which was below our long-term margin goal of 9% to 10%. And when we stepped back and thought about where we stood in '21, we decided to intensify a series of pricing actions as well as affordability actions in the middle part of the year and the last 12 months have resulted in the strong performance that we saw here in the second quarter of 2022. With our increased 2022 outlook, we're now projecting for the profit margin in Cigna Healthcare to run in the high 8%, just south of 9% relative to our long-term margin goal of 9% to 10%. You should view that as a sustainable place to jump off of. And we would expect, as we step into '23 that we'll be able to deliver within our targeted margin range of 9% to 10% for Cigna Healthcare, but likely at the lower end of that range, given the continued long-term margin opportunities we have in the accelerated growth platforms such as Medicare Advantage. But the stronger-than-expected 2022 performance we’ve seen increases our overall confidence in executing against our margin goals while also reducing a little bit of the year-over-year opportunity for further margin expansion opportunity in comparison to where we stood a quarter ago.
Brian Evanko: Sure, David. As it relates to pricing in the commercial book of business, this year's 2022 medical care ratio performance has resulted in a higher margin profile for Cigna Healthcare, and that's driven largely by our commercial employer book of business. So we’ve recaptured a bit more margin in 2022 than we originally anticipated. The good news is that means there’s less correction that’s needed on a prospective basis. So we’ll certainly be pricing to our forward look at cost trend as we head into 2023, but we don’t need a meaningful step change as it relates to the commercial employer margin profile. The one nuance in that is our stop-loss portfolio as we talked about in our fourth quarter results did have some pressure in 2021. That pressure has continued at the level we expected in 2022. So as we step into ‘23, there will be a little bit of a reprice on some of those clients but we were able to get, again, more margin recapture here in ‘22 than we had anticipated in the commercial employer book of business.
Brian Evanko: Gary, it's Brian. I'll do my best to take each of those components of your question. And I appreciated the lead-in that you started with there. We are really pleased with the strength in the medical care ratio in the second quarter. So and it really was a fundamental strength across the portfolio with our U.S. commercial employer book really being the primary driver of the strength. And as I mentioned earlier in my comments, we saw favorability both in non-COVID and in COVID-related costs in the quarter. So strength in both parts of that portfolio, again, which reflects our affordability initiatives as well as a lesser utilization than we had been forecasting. As it relates to the sequential decline, you should not think of the international health business as a material driver of that. This was really a quarter we had favorable cost experience relative to our prior expectations, as opposed to anything unique or nuanced by adding the international book in there. As it relates to behavioral health, you're right, last year, we saw higher than typical cost trends in our behavioral health book of business, which we actually viewed as a good thing from the standpoint of people getting the care that they needed. That's moderated a bit here in 2022, meaning the cost trends we're seeing on behavioral are lower than they were in 2021. And as a result of that, that's provided a little bit of quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year favorability. And then finally, on your point about stop-loss, as I mentioned on the earlier question that Michael asked, the 2022 stop-loss MCR performance is largely in line with our expectations. So when we reset the 2021 MCR pick at the end of the year, given the pressure we saw, we had said we would not be able to reprice most of the '22 book just given the timing of when that emerged. And so that's our expectation. That's what we're seeing in the actual. So the MCR outlook for '22 and stop off very similar to the MCR outlook for '21, which gives us a repricing opportunity in 2023. So you kind of step back from all of this and the favorability we're seeing in commercial is largely not stop loss related. It's largely related to the non-COVID and the COVID-related cost on first dollar coverages and our fully insured and other risk businesses.
Brian Evanko: It's Brian. So as it relates to the MLR outlook for the back half of the year, so stepping back again in the second quarter, we saw a very favorable result relative to our prior expectations. And if you recall from our first quarter earnings release, we felt that it was prudent to assume that 2022 medical cost performance would look a lot like 2021 when you look at the all-in combined effect of COVID and non-COVID cost. So the terminology, if you recall, we would use the time would be above baseline. For purposes of the back half of the year, we have assumed that the medical cost performance will be largely consistent with our previous planning assumptions, meaning we have not assumed the second quarter favorability will run rate or extend through the back half of the year. So obviously, if the remaining 2 quarters were to run more in line with what we saw in the second quarter, there will be favorability in the second half of the year results from the standpoint of the MCR and as such, the income outlook. We’re not yet seeing on the second part of your question, any meaningful signs of pent-up demand or acuity building in the book of business. So as I mentioned earlier, when we look at blood screenings, preventive exams, mammograms, colonoscopies, all of those on a per capita basis are very much in line with where they were in 2019, and we continue to see things like when cancers present the percentage that are metastatic is very consistent with where it was in 2019. And so the favorability we’re seeing in the results, we don’t attribute to a meaningful amount of care not being consumed that needs to be.
Brian Evanko: Stephen, it's Brian again. So relative to what we saw in the second quarter MCR, as I mentioned earlier, U.S. commercial was the primary driver of the favorability. Our government products largely ran in line with our expectations. And within the commercial employer book of business, we did have some favorability from first quarter reserve development, but that was the minority of the favorability in the experience. The primary driver were second quarter dates of service running favorable to our projections, which, again, is a function of both lower utilization than we expected, but also the affordability initiatives really holding -- or taking hold in the quarter. So we saw a strong site of care optimization in the quarter and other things such as that, helping to contribute to the favorable results in the quarter. As it relates to repricing for the balance of the year, the smaller part of our business, select segment tends to have a more even renewal date schedule as compared to our national accounts business, which tends to be very heavy 1/1. So you should think of on the select segment, about 2/3 of the clients have 1/1 effective dates and the other 1/3 have effective dates later in the year. So there is some opportunity for us to reprice that business that’s been factored into our outlook in terms of the rate actions we have either already secured or intend to secure for the balance of the year. So that’s been factored into the outlook and we’ve been really pleased with the strong execution of our U.S. commercial team. We’re delivering both improved margins and net customer growth in a challenging year.
Brian Evanko: Just one add for you, Steven, in terms of the modeling on the revenue side. In 2021, we had relatively steep sequential growth as it relates to the quarterly pattern of Evernorth revenue. A lot of that was driven by the onboarding of specific clients for our specialty programs. associated with the Prime Therapeutics relationship, the 2022 pattern is less steep, which is driving a little bit of the top line deceleration you made reference to. However, we’ll see sequential growth in each quarter this year and we’re on track for a strong year from a top and bottom line standpoint being in the range of our long-term goals for Evernorth.
