David M. Cordani: It's David. I'll give you a little color there. First, to headline, we're pleased with the results and the progress that the first quarter demonstrated. When we take a look at the results to highlight a few items, one, clearly, the fourth quarter of last year matured favorably versus expectations. So that contributed to reported results, but it also contributed to a jump-off. I'll come back to that in a moment. Secondly, we're seeing some positive impact in the first quarter relative to our own performance from the contributions of the benefit positioning we've put in place for 2014. And third, specifically, we are seeing an impact of some of the target remediation efforts we embarked upon, whether it's the targeted recontracting in key markets, some network optimization or some additional focused medical management activity. So I would suggest that from our point of view, we're pleased with the results, and the results we're demonstrating here are primarily driven by own actions. Stepping back, a little bit more color. Year-over-year, what we know is the flu season was less severe in the first quarter of '14 than it was in the first quarter of '13. So that's an industry event. And finally, at least from our point of view, given the markets we operate in, as best we can understand, we did a de minimis impact to the weather from an overall operation. So maybe a little bit less utilization in the first quarter tied to the flu. The rest of it is broadly driven by some of our actions.
David M. Cordani: Josh, it's David. Well, let me give you a little color. First, just to frame our view of the private exchanges and then I'll tell -- I'll get right to your -- the heart of your question. As we've discussed in the past, we view that the private exchange environment is still in the early phases of adoption and clearly may create a very attractive sustainable marketplace for time to come, leveraging some retail purchasing environment and transparency. A little color to think about in terms of as you know, there's a lot of different private exchange models. So retiree versus active, single carrier versus multi-carrier, highly localized versus broader rating areas, employer remaining involved versus employer not remaining involved and lastly, pooled funding versus transparent funding. To date, our experience is around our participation in many of those models, including our own proprietary exchange. Today, our target clients have continued to reinforce a desire to stay engaged, have more personalization and localization and maintain more transparent funding arrangements. The net of all of that, through our experience, has been de minimis, meaning puts and takes, wins and losses, relatively small volumes and a relatively small net movement within the portfolio. Important in your question is around dialogue. There's a lot of dialogue because this is a new mechanism. So clients and prospects are wanting to learn more in terms of what are the value creators both in year 1 as well as sustainability of the value creators, and we're actively engaged in those conversations. But I think the important headline is heretofore de minimis impact to our business in terms of the net puts and takes.
David M. Cordani: Yes, I appreciate the clarification. Net-net, no. The aggregate puts and takes for our organization, again, whether I look at the retiree environment, whether I look at the active medical, whether I look at the specialty components, it's all netting to a very small number right now. Having said that from my comments, you should take away that we're active in engaging in multiple as the models, and we're active in kind of exploring additional value creators for the benefit of clients and customers. But to date, both active and retiree is relatively small.
David M. Cordani: Ralph, it's David. Let me try to give you a little bit of color. Just 2 sets of comments: one, put the size in context; two, the early experience. So when you think about the size, as Tom referenced earlier, is Guaranteed Cost represents a smaller portion of our overall portfolio. And we look at Guaranteed Cost going into 2014. As you know, we have the impact in terms of lives of running off the Limited Benefit business. So the aggregate number of lives and Guaranteed Cost decreases and then the growth in the Individual business. And Tom referenced, while the Individual business is about 3% of our enterprise revenue, it's in the 25% range of the guaranteed cost environment. As it relates to the early experience, a comment in terms of 2 waves of buyers that we see: the early initial buyer group and then the latter surge that the press talked about in terms of wave 1. What we know is that in the early buyer group, on average, that buyer group was older than our expectations. They bought a bit richer benefit plan than our expectations, so what was still the nucleus, but it's a bit richer benefit plan. And their medical utilization in the first month or so of experience was much higher than any of the -- our book of business norms, including some categories of severity around that. What we also know is that in that second wave or the latter surge of buyers, that population is younger than the initial population and more in line with our age expectations. Two, they bought leaner benefits on average than the first group and a bit more in line with our expectations. What we don't know is what the utilization is because they just signed up very recently. And as Tom pointed out, within our outlook, we took into consideration our early experiential set and projected that forward with some reasonability in terms of our overall outlook, and the most important thing here is that it's manageable in the aggregate context of our overall organization.
David M. Cordani: Sure. Just a little context and then specific to my experience. First, I think it's important to recognize that specialty pharmaceutical costs have been and continued to be a major trend and cost driver. As far as our internal processes, we project specific medical trend for specialty pharmacy, taking into consideration what we know about existing drugs, utilization patterns and, importantly, what's in the emerging pipeline. And while Sovaldi was not specifically broken out as a trend item for Sovaldi, our experience in the first quarter suggested our trend assumption for specialty pharmacy is in line with our overall aggregate experience, including the Hep C experience. Lastly, very important to note from our point of view, to achieve the right AAA outcome of clinical quality, service quality and affordability, you have to be able to manage the medical experience, the pharmacy experience and the specialty pharmacy experience, so the overall whole person could be managed with the right physician engagement. Specific to our financial results, when you think about the guaranteed cost in the Medicare population to the nearest $10 million or so in the first quarter, it's about $10 million for us, the rate of growth was accelerating throughout the quarter, and we've taken that into consideration, our full year outlook that Tom made reference to and still is considered in our medical trend outlook, which has not changed at this point in time.
David M. Cordani: Sure, and I appreciate the clarification. Important to note that in terms of our clinical programs, clinical engagement within our company, in general, we don't differentiate the way we actively engage physicians for an ASO customer versus an experienced rated person with a guaranteed cost customer. The clinical guidelines, clinical efficacy guide set. So the same level of active management with the physicians around that patient population, understanding medication compliance, alternative treatment categories and active management take place. And again, to date, while an acceleration of cost specific to that drug, our overall specialty pharmaceutical trend is, generally speaking, in line with our expectations. And our overall medical trend, as Tom made reference to, remains in line with our expectations. So the same active management takes place regardless whether or not it's an ASO client, a shared risk client or a guaranteed cost client.
David M. Cordani: Justin, it's David. Macro level, not helpful to publicly discuss our bid strategy and margin objectives. To give you a little bit more color than that, first, stating the obvious, the improvement we're experiencing in the first quarter of medical cost performance, as well as the favorable maturation of the fourth quarter, is obviously directionally helpful in our journey. Secondly, as you referenced, our long-term margin objectives are not the margin performance that we are experiencing in 2014. That's clear. So as we set our expectations, you should expect it on a, obviously, market-by-market and on a very precise basis to seek to ensure that we are positioning a benefit program that is differentiated and attractive, while balancing a fair return, and we would like to see a step forward in terms of our performance as we go into '15 and then '16 and beyond. So, directionally, yes, but as for specifics, we're not going to comment in terms of what our margins objectives are for 2015 at this point.
David M. Cordani: Justin, we didn't obviously break out the margin specifically. To give you a little bit more color, as you recall from our -- let's go back to the strategic positioning here. We said we would take a very focused position, we've positioned ourselves in 5 states, in a limited number of markets in those states. We suggest very consistently that we did not expect that this will be a profit driver or a positive profit contributor before the year started. That's where we stand today, even acknowledging the bit of margin pressure that Tom made reference to. And we think it's appropriate at this point in time to take a cautious view of the component of the 3Rs, which may present some softening opportunity on a go-forward basis, but our current first quarter performance does not contemplate that. And important part is how do we position ourselves for 2015 as we go forward. As we sit here today, our bias is to extend into a few additional markets, we know which markets those are, we haven't made the final calls there, but we have a high level of engagement with physician and hospital partners who would like that expansion, and we're making that assessment. So clearly, taking into consideration our current experience, we still have a bias to extend, but we haven't declared that at this point in time.
David M. Cordani: Sure, it's David. So a little bit more color there. What we did see is, as we play back the tape, in the latter part of Q3, we saw some elevation in cost. We saw that play through in the early portion of Q4, and we represented that as we went through the year-end activity. The good news is that as the latter part of Q4's claim experience matured, that matured more favorably than that spike that transpired in the latter part of Q3 and the early part of Q4. Secondly, that abatement continued into the first quarter of 2014. And finally, some of the very targeted actions that we begin to execute, whether they were re-contracting, network optimization, also started to make contributions in the first quarter. All net-net positives. And as Tom said, at this point, we're not ready to declare kind of a full projection on a go-forward basis. We're really pleased with the jump off, we're really pleased with the favorable development in the fourth quarter and we're very pleased with the net performance in the first quarter.
David M. Cordani: A.J., it's David. Just a moment of backdrop and then specific to your question. Our PBM is well-positioned, strong performing assets. We've been able to demonstrate that our approach to the market around integration, medical and pharmacy, delivers a very positive, both clinical outcomes, service outcome and affordability. The actions we embarked upon to further strengthen our cost of goods sold, secure an innovative technology platform and accelerate our innovation cycle, because of that, are going to be net adds to that. The headline is we're tracking very positively to our expectations. Secondly, good marketplace receptivity from clients in the overall marketplace, relative to both our current value proposition, as well as our enhanced value proposition as we see in the marketplace. You'll note that we had some slight growth in our pharmacy business in terms of net covered lives, again, which we're pleased with. But we're optimistic that, that momentum, obviously, continues on an go-forward basis, and we're on track with our expectations.
David M. Cordani: A.J., it's David. So taking the intent of your relative to using Sovaldi as a cost driver and a cost driver putting affordability pressure. At the end of the day, I think you hit a really important macro theme here, which is there's a fundamental affordability challenge societally, whether the client or an employer is financing it, an individual is financing it and as we see whether or not governmental entities are financing it. So what we see, to your point, is clients are more open and active than ever to explore solutions that can demonstrate really significant value in terms of improving clinical quality and more sustainability of cost. To date, as we've demonstrated, we've been quite successful in terms of being consultative, working to put the right benefit design, incentive and engagement capabilities in place, wellness programs, specialty programs, network designed with our collaboratives and then offer a variety of funding alternatives. So you should envision, A.J., that in many cases, our consultative selling-- sales force offers more than one way to finance a benefit program and consults with our clients to be able to make a choice. We think more of that consultation will take place in the future versus less, and employers will continue to choose what works best for them. What I don't think is, I don't think Sovaldi or Hep C, as an example, is a binary trigger to make a client do something very different with their benefit programs. It raises awareness that doing the same thing over and over, if you're not getting a positive result, is probably not going to yield a positive result next year. And we're pleased with the fact that our clinical quality is strong, we've yet to deliver another year of outstanding medical cost performance relative to any industry benchmark, and that comes from being consultative, engaging the client, working differently with their individual customers and working differently with the physicians, and we think more of that will come in the future.
David M. Cordani: It's David. Just at a more macro level, as I referenced previously, when you look at the year-over-year, first and foremost, of the guaranteed cost block, historically, it's been a smaller portion of our overall portfolio of businesses, 8% to 10% of our covered lives. Two, as we step into 2014, we're rolling off the Limited Benefit business, which was a guaranteed cost portion of the pool. We have a, I'll call it, a well-performing employer book, as Tom made reference to, book of business, and then we have a growing individual block of business. So that's the guaranteed cost, if you will, from a slide standpoint. Overall marketplace, we continue to see a high level of receptivity for some of the more transparent funding alternatives within the employer space. ASO, ASO with Stop Loss, assured returns. And then finally, importantly, in a segment that is historically valued, both guaranteed costs and otherwise, what we call the Select Segment, employers between 51 and 250 employees, we regularly offer guaranteed cost side-by-side with ASO Stop Loss, and we continue to be successful there with both programs. However, a bit greater than 50% of the new business sales there and ramping up beyond that are ASO Stop Loss. So market trend, more transparency. Two, changing our book of business with the run-off of the limited benefit business, replaced with growth of the individual block of business, and a, I'll call it, a somewhat stable, in terms of aggregate lives, well-performing group insurance block of business that we have in our portfolio today.
David M. Cordani: Yes, again, Carl, as we talked about last quarter, there's a lot of things in that residual component of loss ratio calculation. But I would highlight, as we said last quarter, the results last quarter were somewhat of an anomaly, and that all the businesses reported on in that group of products have been performing pretty well for us. So I'd say, the performance we've seen in the quarter, we'd expect to be consistent. Whether that ratio moves around, as mix of business changes, it's a little hard to know how that would play out over the course of the year, but we were happy with and continue to see good performance in those other product lines.
David M. Cordani: Andy, it's David. So relative to the global marketplace, thinking about 2 major marketplaces we compete in, and then I'll address India, Turkey and the like. One is, we call it, the Global Employer marketplace. Historically, for expats, for corporations, IGOs, NGOs, that business, we currently serve truly globally around the world, and we have customers, individuals we service across the globe, that business continues to grow very attractively. We have the largest delivery network in the world in terms of supporting those individuals on behalf of our clients, and we'll continue to grow that. Secondly, within that business, increasingly, we're hearing from some clients within key geographies where they have critical mass, a desire for some, I'll call it, health improvement and productivity improvement programs. So think about the employer businesses global across all geographies. The business that you're referencing is our direct individual supplemental benefit business. Two markets that we sought to enter strategically were the ones you referenced, Turkey and India. Turkey, we are successfully selling and has been successfully selling now for some time. And we're pleased with the direction of trajectory there. India, very exciting. We completed all the regulatory reviews and approvals, and in the first quarter, we actually began selling products and services there. We view India as a long-term attractive, very attractive growth opportunity, both for the individual business, as well as for clinical services. For example, India has the highest percentage of diabetics in the world and it is a major burden for the social mandate and were viewed as being part of the solution within that. Finally, as it relates to additional geographies, there are some additional geographies that are attractive to us, but most importantly, within our portfolio today, our existing markets, plus India and Turkey, present a very nice growth profile, and we will systematically identify new markets that are attractive to enter as we go forward over the next few years.
David M. Cordani: Peter, it's David. Early in the cycle, so I'll give you some directional comments. As it relates to the 2015 selling season, by way of purchasing dynamic, we continue to see those clients that we both serve today, as well as prospects, very aggressively addressing incentive and engagement-base program designs. That could be a coinsurance program with an incentive pool attached to it. It could be a consumer-directed program, but a whole variety of way to use incentive and engagement-based tools. Secondly, much more active utilization within consideration around health coaching and advocacy, health advocacy services, including an increasing appetite for on-site health coaches, something we do very well. And then third major theme is in terms of increase in specialty carve-in demand. So some of the themes that we put specialty carve-outs, we see some direction in terms of more integration. As it relates to volume from a pipeline, early indicators relative to the, we typically call the national account pipeline, let me just define that, because we define it differently. So it will be commercial employers with 5,000 or more employees, that's the way we define it, it's a little bit different than the market, that are multistate. Early indications for that pipeline is inbound opportunities, outbound opportunities, no major macro change in pattern there, decision-making cycle, a little longer because of the complexity of some of the benefit attributes I just talked about today, and we would expect to have a net market competitive positive performance as our strategic direction go into 2015.
David M. Cordani: Yes, It's quite early to talk about 2015 for the smaller group. Remember, we don't play under 50. In the Select segment, which is 51 to 250, we're in the heart of the 2014 selling season everyday, and will be through the second quarter and the third quarter. As it relates to the makeup of our book of business, we have a high percentage, even in that book of business of clients who value what I referenced before. They're actively engaged, using incentives, we have examples of 75 and 100, 125 [ph] employers that are using on-site biometrics, health engagement, et cetera. So we don't see dramatically a lot of demand for public exchange within our target subsegment there. But important to note, we're in the heart of the 2014 selling season within that portfolio as we sit here today.
David M. Cordani: Ana, it's David. I think overall, you painted a picture of the various segments. So starting where you started. Our Select segment, which is, again, employers with 51 to 250 employees has been and continues to be a very attractive growth segment for us. Within that segment, we sell guarantee cost and we sell ASO with Stop Loss. Typically, in a highly bundled fashion with our specialty products and services. And we're somewhat agnostic, meaning in terms of providing the choices for clients and giving them the financing options that works best for them. Our growth in that segment, we're very excited about and pleased with, comes in an environment where our team is consultative and working to design benefits that are positioned for those specific employers. And historically, this segment has not have a lot of choice. This segment has had prepackaged guaranteed cost alternatives only and is tired of confronting an environment of a sustainable medical cost trends. So we see this as a continued growth segment for us and it's one we're quite excited about and we're comfortable with the risk profile here. As it relates to the next segment that you inferred about but didn't speak specifically about, the regional segment, which we define as a large segment of our book, so 251 to 5,000 employees, I mean, large single-state employees. That business has grown and grown competitively and attractively year-on-year, and we expect that throughout the residual portion of the year, we'll demonstrate some growth there. Finally, to your point, in the Individual segment, we have a little higher growth, a little higher growth than we expected. It is not profitable. We did not expect for it to be profitable in the first year, very important. We did not plan for it to be profitable and we view that, that was manageable within our portfolio, and we expect to, on a very pinpointed basis, channel the market learnings and the evolution of the market as we position that portfolio for 2015. So net-net, for the enterprise as a whole, we actually like our positioning coming out of the first quarter this year with good growth, good revenue performance, good specialty penetration, strong medical cost performance that positions us for this year, and then stepping into 2015.
David M. Cordani: Yes. And Ana, I would just pinpoint 2 comments. Again, knowing that we don't play in the under 50 market; and two, the target clients on a very specific basis. So I'm not speaking for the entire client universe between 50 and 250. I'm speaking towards, in our core markets and for the clients we are targeting, we continue to see high receptivity for the active engagement programs as evidenced by our growth, as evidenced the our strong net retention, as evidenced by our market-leading medical cost trend, and within that, as long as we continue to deliver value, we see good opportunities in the future.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Chris. As I think about the wave 1 of business that came on, known and is being serviced in the first part of the quarter. So came through, obviously, the entire fourth quarter of last year, but the wave that we were servicing in the month of January. Then think about a pretty meaningful low in terms of the wave, obviously, lives are coming on with a significant surge coming in the March and latter part of March timeframe, whereby, we know the profile of those individuals, as I referenced, younger, than the original group. We know the benefits they purchase by medical category, leaner. We know some kind of risk characteristics to that group better than the first group. What we don't know is the utilization pattern in the first quarter results we're talking about here. But we would point toward a better risk profile than the first group. So think about bucket 1 on-board, being serviced, throughout the fourth quarter, small, additional growth throughout the quarter, and then a big surge toward the latter part of the quarter enrolling literally at the end of the quarter or going into the April timeframe
David M. Cordani: Thanks. To conclude, I'd like to emphasize a few key points from our discussion this morning. Cigna's first quarter results were strong and with meaningful contributions from each of our business segments. Our results are driven by the continued effective execution of our focused strategy, which reflects the commitment and dedication of our more than 35,000 colleagues working around the world. By aligning our capabilities with the goals of our customers and clients, we are improving the health, well-being and sense of security of the people we serve around the globe. We're confident in achieving our increased outlook for the full year of 2014, and we remain committed to achieving our long-term average EPS growth of 10% to 13%. Thank you for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in Cigna, and we look forward to continuing our discussions in the future.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Thanks, Scott. It's Tom. First, before we get to the specifics under Individual, I do want to step back and remind you that we're still very happy with the overall fundamentals of our risk business. They've been strong in the quarter and have been for some time reflecting the disciplined pricing and underwriting and strong clinical management and physician engagement capabilities. And in case you missed it, we are not changing the MCR outlook for our Employer business. All of the change in our Guaranteed Cost to MCR outlook does relate to Individual. A few points to make here. Our early claim experience for this business and a cautious view on recoveries from risk adjusters in risk quarters has caused us to increase our view of the Individual MCR for the full year. So that really is the driver, some caution seen in the early claims experience and uncertainty about what the future looks like. I'd also point out to you that while Individual is a small portion of our overall business, it represents a growing share of our Guaranteed Cost business. It's about -- now about 25% to 30% of our total Guaranteed Cost business. So again, the uncertainty on the MCR outlook and the growing share of the overall Guaranteed Cost book is what's caused us to increase the GC MCR. And I would also remind you that in the context of our overall company, Individual is still small, representing about 3% of our total revenues.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Yes, Josh. I don't think I want to get into the specific timing. We have a few things going on in expenses in the quarter. First, we kind of have the ramp-up over the year of strategic spend. So I think you know we're launching our duals project in Illinois. We've got the India launch in Global Sup. We also have timing of some IT portfolio spend and the -- some specific timing on hiring ramp-up that we might have over the course of the year. If you look at the impact of the favorable results in the quarter, it's pretty evenly mixed between the medical cost, the expense savings and the continued strong revenue contributions from our businesses.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Yes, Justin, again, as you kind of did pick up, we are taking a cautious view on the 3Rs. Now that specific accounting question, we'll get to that someday. But right now we haven't incorporated any impact for risk adjusters or risk corridors and given the uncertainty and the dynamics, we're not really expecting any significant impacts for the year. So I don't think that's going to be a key issue.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Sure, Kevin, it's Tom. So first, again, stepping back, there are a lot of positives in the first quarter, and we do expect they will continue to provide positive momentum for the year. We have continued solid execution of our strategy, we have the good growth in our targeted markets, we have strong medical cost management, leading to lower-than-expected medical cost in both commercial and seniors and disciplined expense management, resulting in favorable operating expense. So all good things. That said, it is early in the year. And while we're pleased with the positive result for medical cost in the quarter, we're really not ready to project that, that will continue favorable for the full year. Our outlook does, as we've talked about, include some caution regarding Individual results as the early stages of that market are unfolding. And as we've also referenced, we have some timing impact to offset in the first quarter operating expense favorability, including a ramp up of strategic spending over the course of the year. So on balance, that lets us do the outlook we've offered. And overall, we're really pleased with the start for the year and confident in that full-year outlook.
Thomas A. McCarthy: And the dynamics that have been impacting our guaranteed cost business, are as David has suggested, the dynamics of which programs customers are choosing. Keep in mind, we don't have really any play in the small group market segment, which seems to be where the commentary around intense price competition has been coming up. And the segments we're playing in, the pricing environment continues to be pretty rational.
Thomas A. McCarthy: That's in the ballpark. Conversions is a tricky word, right? I can't -- this is a segment that has -- the lower end of this segment has a lot of turnover, so I'm not sure whether it's all conversions from risk to customer to ASO in that segment. It's more, as the new customers are coming in, they tend to be buying ASO programs more than they have in the past.
Thomas A. McCarthy: So Andy, it's Tom. I'll give you some context on the overall Individual block. So by the end of the year, by the end of 2014, we'd expect to have about 290,000 customers in the Individual segment. About 40% of those customers will be on ACA policy and about 60% will be of the legacy non-ACA policy. So a combination of early renewals or keep your plan states. And of the ACA policies, we'd expect about 60% to be on the exchange and 40% to be off the exchange.
Thomas A. McCarthy: That reinsurance recoverable -- this is Tom, that reinsurance recoverable number is a function of some of the business we seeded off. And you might recall the run off reinsurance business has some market value sensitivity to the reported financial statements. So that really is largely just readjusting the seeded amounts based on market performance. There's really nothing going on there. And the impact of the 3Rs on that is nonexistent at this point.
Thomas A. McCarthy: I thought you were asking specifically about reinsurance. So medical claims payable, again, that's just regular operating activity. There's really medical reserves are up at the end of the quarter, no surprises in that result.
Thomas A. McCarthy: You take that to another digit, it would actually be up, it's actually up almost $100 million, I guess, if you take it the one to the next digit. So again, so that means it was like 1850 going to 1950 or in that ballpark. So again, if you look at the days claims payable, they're up. If you look at the -- if you had the specifics of the dollar balance are up, there's no issues in the -- we still feel very comfortable with our reserve position in all of our businesses.
Thomas A. McCarthy: And it's Tom. So first, again, stepping back, we continue to get good results in our Global Supplemental Benefits business. We have great revenue growth in the quarter, very consistent with our expectations. And the earnings in the quarter were actually also consistent with our expectations. We have a little bit of a tough quarter-over-quarter comparison, given the strong results we reported in 2013. But this business is performing as we'd expected. We're continuing to make investments to expand the business. We already talked about India, we've got some investments in new distribution sources. You pointed out Korea. Our Korean operations continued to perform pretty well. We did have that higher seasonal claim pattern that we report at the end of 2013 that did continue into early 2014, but now it's back to normal levels at the end of March. So I think, overall, we're pretty happy with the positioning for this segment and comfortable that it's going to be a good segment for us with fast growth.
