David Cordani: Ralph, good morning. It's David. I'll take the first part, and I will ask Eric to take the second part of your question. At a macro level, yes to what you stated at the first part of your question. So, a lot of dynamic interaction back and forth with employer clients is a regular part of our business, even more elevated in the current environment, a lot of proactive engagement in the change relative to maximizing value for them through using our broad array of alternative funding mechanisms, and even the intra-year conversation, given the uniqueness how this year is playing out bringing more choice to clients. So, yes, continuation of we see it as a strength and continue to see movement in the use of funding mechanisms to best align ourselves with employers, and that plays to a strength of our company. I'll ask Eric to comment on the second piece relative to the fee dynamic.
David Cordani: Kevin, good morning. It's David. So, let me try to paint the 2020 picture, and then maybe even bleed in a little bit of comments in terms of how we expect to unfold beyond that going into 2021. So, first and foremost, a significant amount of interaction with clients, always part of our consultative approach, elevated even further in the current environment and the dynamism. So, we're looking at this as best we can through a client-by-client framework. As we noted previously, a high percentage of clients have maintained benefits either through the use of the word that we talk about is furloughs or layoffs with benefit continuity taking place, and I think that's a testament to how committed employers are to the health safety and wellbeing of their employees, and the optimism they continue to hold on to return employees back to work to keep their businesses running on a go-forward basis. As it relates to the second-half of the year, we expect the following: we expect to see those employees who are furloughed, or with continuity of benefits, we expect to see those furloughs dissipate or go away, and one or two things transpire either (a), no benefits for the employee and they transition to [indiscernible] or other alternatives, or (b), they return to full employment, and client-by-client, we're going through patterning of what the expectations are relative to that. Therefore, we expect to see the effect of lower levels of employment across our book continue throughout the second-half of the year, and that's fully factored into the outlook that Eric made reference to. And then finally, maybe at the most macro level, the way we're thinking about it is essentially over the next 18 months, second-half of '20 and 2021, we expect to see a slow recovery to the overall employment marketplace in the United States, and that's what's factored into our thinking, said otherwise, we expect to see pressure of through the second-half of this year and 2021 to what would otherwise be a normal course of business from a membership standpoint, and that's factored into our thinking for 2020 as well as 2021.
David Cordani: The answer to that is absolutely yes. So, as we parse our business by sector, and then employer-by-employer, there is no doubt, there are some employers that are having either de minimis impact to their employee base as a result of COVID, or there are some factors that you're seeing actually the need for more employees, given the environment. So there is no doubt that the phenomenon we're talking about is incredibly uneven or unique not just to sector, but to employers within the sector. That's why our approach is a client-by-client approach, so yes to that portion, unequivocally high variability there.
David Cordani: Ricky, good morning. So, appreciate you referencing the prepared remarks. My remarks said, of what some view is traditional competitors, we view as strategic partners. So stepping back, our philosophy has been we seek to be the undisputed partner of choice. And our view is that the ability to partner with others and work to create shared value presents an opportunity for mutual growth, which means more customers to serve in a larger impact. So, now stepping back, whether that's through an expanding portfolio of health plan clients through a health service portfolio, where we challenge ourselves to continue to bring additional innovations for the benefit of our health plan clients to help them deliver better affordability, better value and continue to grow or specifically to come to your question with Oscar. We have an exciting partnership with Oscar where we're bringing mutual capabilities to the table to bring some additional innovation to the small employer market, a marketplace that both organizations feel has been underserved as relates to benefiting from more innovative programs around health engagement, personalization, value based care, more comprehensive clinical engagement programs, and together we're going to be able to bring the best of both companies together. And at the later part of this year, we'll be opening up some additional markets where we're already quoting today, jointly, so the philosophy of the corporation is defined mutually aligned organizations where we could create leverage value together, and then pursue that and Oscar is a wonderful example of it. And actually, we had to check in with the team earlier this week, Eric and the team is working exceptionally well to get around the innovation here.
David Cordani: Whit, it's David, can you repeat the first part of your question because Eric, and I didn't hear a couple of your words and we want to make sure we understand the query.
David Cordani: Great, I will ask Eric to take the first part of the question and I'll come back and take the second part of your question on Medicaid.
David Cordani: And Whit relative to Medicaid, we currently serve very attractive portfolio of Medicaid relationships through a health service portfolio. As a result of our diversion, high performing health plan, portfolio businesses, we see that as growing. We've grown that successfully. Notwithstanding the COVID pandemic ramifications and looking forward, we see that as a continued growing base of an opportunity for us to expand into servicing the Medicaid population, but servicing them through the health service platform.
David Cordani: Josh, good morning. It's David. I'd identify two; one in terms of access, two, in terms of programmatic. As it relates to access, it's indisputable that the COVID pandemic has either required caused or pushed more utilization of technology as a mechanism to access care coordinate care et cetera. You recall that our view has been for some time that we believe a meaningful amount of care can be delivered through a combination of technology, you can call it tele, you call it virtual et cetera, but it needs to be highly coordinated care, and then, further augmented by in-home care that is also aided by technology. So one, we believe that the rate and pace of adoption and acceleration of reformatting care access, utilizing technology to coordinate care and deliver care in a personalized high-quality basis. And then augmenting it with re-envisioning what could take place in the home is mission critical and accelerated by COVID, that's on strategy for us, and we are aggressively investing in and innovating in those categories off of a variety of platforms. Secondly, a lot of what we talked about before. It's a little back to the future, but COVID re-highlights for all societies around the globe that as challenging as COVID is, it's exponentially more challenging for individuals who have chronic conditions or who are polychronic, so it presents another opportunity to engage with employers, with health policymakers and from a public health policy standpoint to make sure we're investing in and innovating programs with physicians and individuals to lower health risks or increase health quality for those who are chronic or polychronic because all things remaining equal, if you have a better health status, you're more likely to withstand COVID or the next generation, a decade from now and beyond, and that's an area where Cigna excels on our current state of basis in terms of what we're able to bring to bear from that standpoint, as well as with the health service portfolio, and then, putting up over that of COVID-19 highlights the mental health dimension that is, highlighted in societies around the globe, where the mental health and the physical health needs to come together to best manage overall wellbeing. So, reformatting, utilizing technology, chronic condition management and improving overall health risk and then taking mental health and the physical health together are all areas we see as being accelerated because of COVID and additional opportunities and areas that Cigna is heavily investing in.
David Cordani: Lance, good morning. It's David. I'm going to ask Eric to comment on the portion of your question specifically because of the uniqueness of the group sale, and then, I'll come back and talk about M&A priorities more broadly.
David Cordani: And Lance relative to the portfolio of businesses today and going forward. First to be clear, we like our portfolio in the strategic positioning and are pleased with its performance from a growth standpoint, from a service standpoint and from a capital and fiscal flexibility standpoint that portfolio is positioned to deliver sustained 6% to 8% revenue growth. As it relates to M&A priorities, we continue to remain focused on five specific M&A priorities; one, to further strategically and smartly over global footprint, second, to further enhance our U.S. seniors' capabilities, third, continue to broaden our digital and information capabilities, fourth, looking to continue to expand our care coordination capabilities, and five, as we've talked before, exploring state-based risk program capabilities as we see states who are under budgetary pressure for within their Medicaid programs, seek to further sub segment their programs and seek either high credit -- high cost complex critical programs to be able to perform on their behalf and deliver more value. So, we see opportunity going forward, but building off of a very strong base and low performing portfolio.
David Cordani: Sure, good morning. It's David. I'll take both questions. On the first question as I noted before, we're really pleased with the configuration of our business portfolio today and its performance. I'm not going to comment on size of assets. We've been quite disciplined over a long period of time relative to strategic alignment and financial alignment relative to assets we would pursue. And it would be inappropriate to say that there's an asset of the certain type or size from that standpoint that we would limit ourselves to. Specific to the executive order, stepping back; first, at the more macro level, we share the administration's objectives to further improve affordability of prescription drugs. There's no doubt about that and concrete examples, including we were the first to step into the need to reformat the diabetes and insulin environment with a patient insurance program that caps cost at $25 for 30-day supply. It truly creates affordable, simple, predictable, or embark program that focuses on high cost specialty drugs, or recent launch of our Parachute program for workers who've been displaced. So we will continue to drive innovation, and our clients are benefiting from that relative to our market leading trends. Specific to the rebate rule, your overall framing I think is right. Specifically, we do believe the rebate rule, if implemented in its current configuration would have a material effect on Cigna. It focuses on the government programs and as you know as designed today, the government run programs required and are facilitated by full pass-through, fully transparent rebate economic to start with. They were designed in the pricing scheme as indicated by government rules that we all comply with as an industry. The result of this rebate rule change is designed will result in increasing cost all seniors as an example, and thereby decreasing cost for some depending on their point-in-time drug utilization, and the rule is written today would create a conflict in terms of what would transpire around that, but from a Cigna perspective, we do not see that as having an impact on our book of business and overall performance even if the rebate rule was implemented.
David Cordani: Just add in the learning category, as we are learning in the United States, state-by-state, we are seeing around the globe the imperative of being flexible as the pandemic ebbs and flows from that standpoint from community standpoint from health access standpoint, from the academic standpoint, from the employer standpoint, and secondly, we have seen consistently around the globe a more aggressive adoption of as I referenced before technologically-enabled health access solutions, even in environments where they previously were at a really low adoption rate, less desire to go to physical proximity to access care, if it could be delivered through technology, and we see an elevation of that those services being utilized around the globe. We think that trend will continue.
David Cordani: Thanks. Just briefly wrap up, I want to first and foremost again acknowledge and thank Cigna's more than 70,000 colleagues around the globe who worked tirelessly with great empathy throughout this pandemic to serve the needs of our customers, our patients, work within our communities, and support our clients around the world. At Cigna, our mission to improve health wellbeing and peace of mind of those we serve has never been more important, and that continues to guide our actions, and will as we go forward. In recent weeks and months, we've taken decisive actions to support our employers who we believe are the driving force to a thriving economy to withstand and emerge from the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as to support the communities and customers we work and serve in each and every day, including our efforts to combat systemic racism, which we also view as a critical health issue. From a results perspective, we once again delivered strong financial performance this quarter, and we remain on track to complete our integration and reach our de-leveraging objectives by the end of this year. We continue to expand and innovative programs and services to support our clients, our customers, our patients, and our communities, and we are on track to deliver our revenue and EPS outlook for 2020, as well as our 2021 EPS target of $20 to $21 per share. With that, I thank you for joining our call today, and we look forward to future discussions.
Eric Palmer: Yes, Ralph. It's Eric. I would note two items as it relates to the fee dynamics; first and most significantly, we had a reclassification of certain revenues that we implemented actually back at the beginning of the year, so effective January 1st. That did not have an impact on the P&L, but it reduced revenues and has an exact offset in lower SG&A as well. So, that's showing up in the comparison of this year versus last year, and second, as you know, we did see some declines in self-funded enrollment, but just think that is consistent with the impact of COVID-19 and the economic environment overall.
Eric Palmer: Yes, Matt. It's Eric. I will give you a couple of perspectives here. As I noted in my prepared remarks, and we saw the decline of 30% to 35% back in April, and utilization is uptick since then. You've called out geography, and that's a really important dimension here is looking at this play out market-by-market and having the local perspective is important, and we're certainly seeing this play out different rates and phases in different geographies. As I noted also in the prepared remarks, we saw June at much closer to normal level of utilization. I'd say our early indicators for July are pretty consistent with June. So, still some impacts moving through different geographies, but at this point, we'd say July looks an awful lot like June.
Eric Palmer: I wouldn't call anything out on that yet, Matt. I think again, our outlook for the full-year does assume some additional utilization coming in the back-half of the year, but I think it'd be too early to say that we've seen anything like that within the second quarter.
Eric Palmer: Hi, Justin. It's Eric. Good morning. So, on the first part of your question for the health services and kind of the pattern of the earning, we just step back, the normal pattern for this business is for income to grow throughout the year, as you know, just reflects the overall utilization patterns, and our efforts to manage the supply chain, and we think that will continue to play out throughout the course of 2020. Now I'll remind you, in 2019, the pattern was a little bit extra weighted towards the back-half of the year just given the timing of the supply chain initiatives. So, when you are comparing 2020 to 2019, you'll see that the impact of that kind of play out to the year. We think of 2020 as being more of a normal pattern this year. We think of 2019 was a little bit backend weighted. So, that'd be the biggest dynamic I'd call out as it relates to the pattern. Now, as it relates to the script volumes, overall, we're executing very well and very much in line with the pattern that we had expected to play itself out. As I noted back at our call a quarter-ago, we did see, or we estimated to be about five million scripts get refilled a little earlier that moved from the second quarter into the first quarter, and since that played out, and additionally we've seen nice utilization within our home delivery pharmacy. There's a lot of benefits to the mail order pharmacy and such for our customers and clients. We've seen that adoption continue to be good, but again, nothing else I'd call out in terms of major dynamics.
Eric Palmer: Frank, this is Eric. With a pattern was with similar in terms of how we progress through time, we would note we saw more of a deferral percentage in the commercial book than what we saw in the Medicare Advantage book, but again, kind of the progression month-to-month has been pretty consistent, just more significant impact in the commercial business.
Eric Palmer: Good morning, Whit. On the leakage, as you termed it, maybe step back the -- I think the way I think about that is we have a kind of spectrum across our different customer segments. So within our Select segment, offering, really think about all of our Select segments as having a comprehensive bundle of our services, so pharmacy, behavioral, disease, and care management et cetera, all tied together with stop loss and administration or in our fully insured product, but to that point, think about the Select segment as being effectively 100% penetrated with our pharmacy offering, as you move into the middle market segment, reasonably high degree of penetration there, but you see more buyers that have smaller cart offerings are purchasing and such we've provided some statistics on this at the past and some of our past Investor Day materials, but think about, you know, a meaningful portion but not all of the middle market is having purchased an integrated offering, which then flows to the PBM, and then that same dynamic holds through in the national segment, it's even more à la carte, if you will, in terms of the pieces that are, but the I think about it more along the segment lines than I would around just kind of the funding on it is true that the insured business also carries a high degree of penetration, but I encourage you to think about it by segment
Eric Palmer: Yes, Gary, this is Eric. So we'll take that one on a couple of different dimensions we've talked about there. First of all, stepping back, we expect a loss ratio to be somewhat elevated in the back-half of the year. Think about that as 150 to 200 basis points increase over what we previously would have expected for the second-half of the year. Not dimensioned that off a couple of things. One, we do think that there will be some deferred care utilization and the potential for higher acuity coming back in, and then, two, the ongoing effect of the programs we put in place to reduce co-payments or make care more accessible and affordable within quality drive of some additional utilization. I don't have a precise kind of identification of each of those components, but think about those as the biggest drivers for our outlets over the course of the back-half of the year. On the minimum MLR, as you know it's a three-year calculation for the minimum MLRs for the commercial business. So again, we generally speaking, do have a margin between where we are at and the minimum. Now I would know that we increased our accrual in the second quarter by $95 million, and we've got $175 million on the balance sheet for this as a provision at this point, and so it's something we watch, but would still know that there's across the board. Still a margin there before we did not see any of the impact kind of flows through the bottom-line.
Eric Palmer: Yes, Lance, good morning. So just on the group sales specifically, so first of all, we do expect that transaction to close within the third quarter reminder, we expect $5.3 billion of after-tax proceeds once that transaction closes, so that is coming in, in the relatively near-term. As we've talked about for some time now, we've had a goal of and are committed to obtaining a debt or achieving a debt-to-capital ratio of under 40% by the end of the year. We're driving towards that, and we've committed to deploying a significant amount of the proceeds from the group transaction to share repurchase to offset the dilution, the effect of the not having the group insurance business for a portion of the year. So again, at the most macro level, those are the pieces we're navigating. We do continue to fund significant organic growth; we continue to have capital investments to advance our capabilities, but definitely, we see share repurchase as a really excellent use of capital to drive shareholder value in the near-term, and the last thing I note is just add our recent board meeting, our board increased the share repurchase authorization consistent with our expectation of closing the New York Life transaction later this quarter. And as we sit here today, we have $4.4 billion of share repurchase authority outstanding.
Eric Palmer: Hi, Sarah, it's Eric. Broadly, I wouldn't call out any change in terms of impact. Since again nothing that would rise to being inevitable. With respect to our reserving approaches and policies has been very consistent, because the same team and the same approach to working through those calculations for some time, it served us really pretty well so I wouldn't note anything unusual here.
Eric Palmer: Thanks, David, and good morning, A.J. So, on the health services business, again within the segment, I think we've talked about in the past we've got a really diversified book of business here with customers through a variety of channels and players that are helped play on government relationships, some direct programs and the like, we've had a really strong degree of client retention and we've had a high degree of continuity in terms of enrollment within those clients as well. So note in my prepared remarks, we did have a bit of a dip of retail acute scripts, especially earlier in the quarter, but that'd be really the only thing I would call out is particularly impactful. Overall, the enrollment levels within our clients and within our health plan clients have held up quite nicely.
Eric Palmer: Yes, Bob. It's Eric. Good morning. So with respect Prime, we announced the collaboration with Prime last December. We worked quite diligently over the end of the year and through the first quarter to get ready for that when we began servicing that collaboration on April 1st. It's really performed very well and very much consistent with our expectations both in terms of services provided, timing and the volumes and the like such to getting up to a great start. We are delighted to have the relationship there. In terms of specialty, I appreciate you calling out Accredo. Accredo continues to be industry leading capability here, and it does continue to drive growth as we see more and more specialty products and as more and more clinical needs the clients those we serve or both of those things drive an additional growth within Accredo. So again, continued strong growth there as well and that's a real bright spot even in the strong health services results.
