David Cordani: Lisa, you put a lot in there. Good morning and thanks for the questions. Let me try to touch on each. First, as we step back, as I noted, we're quite proud of the results that we have delivered and continue to deliver in view of the PBMs using that acronym, but the pharmacy service organizations are the organizations that relentlessly work to improve affordability for the benefit of a broad constituency group. I think to your first question, if we step back, well, we could point to tremendous results in terms of clinical trends, outcome, affordability on average, less than $1 increase in out-of-pocket costs for individuals. We do recognize, and I think this is part of the legislation or the legislative energy, the program still don't work for everyone.  So for example, while the programs are designed to generate overall affordability, if there's a high deductible plan is an illustration and in the month of January, someone has -- it is a deductible and has a significant out-of-pocket for our pharmaceutical experience that creates a financial dislocation for an individual, that's a failure of the system, right. We need to step up to that. We need to innovate because that's an unintended consequence of the failure of a system. So we could talk about the averages that we're proud of from an affordability, but we need to make sure we continue to innovate till it works for everyone or we could talk about the fact that we have leading breadth of network access through our pharmacy networks, coupled with our home delivery, yet when you look at the uniqueness of America in some rural locations may not have the access or accessibility in a specific case. And therefore, the market is not working for those individuals. Hence, you see some of the innovations we step forward on.  Our copay assurance program directly goes at the out-of-pocket predictability for individuals under a variety of circumstances. Our rural pharmacy and independent pharmacy initiatives go directly at specific actions to support individuals. So the averages when we sit and look at the data is accepted, we need to do better, and we're stepping forward as a leader to do better from that standpoint. As it relates to employers, our retention rates and our new business growth rates reinforce the fact that by and large, employers see us as being successful. I would note that our ClearCareRx program that we just rolled out, that was two years in design and we worked with about a dozen sophisticated large employers to design those programs to work for them and work for us and how we can roll those out and scale. And as we sit here today, we have hundreds of clients together with our Evernorth team and our Express Scripts team talking about future innovation. So there remains high receptivity and high receptivity to the advancements we're making in terms of further transparency in clinical programs, but they like their choice. They like having the choice of financing mechanisms, which we are aligned with. And then finally, maybe just to manage time, on the 2024 selling season, 2024 will be another year of growth for us in the Evernorth service portfolio. We will see strong retention. As I noted, our retention has historically been in the mid-90s or better. We will see strong retention and we will see good growth as our products and programs resonate in the marketplace. Lisa, thanks for the questions.
David Cordani: Good morning Nate. So first, on the affordability in the out-of-pocket, choices have been in the marketplace for some time. And important to note, by and large, as I noted before, on average those programs are working well in terms of the balance of overall affordability. And planned sponsors made trade-offs in terms of how much is put in premiums, how much is put in the benefits, etcetera from that standpoint. Two, just pointing you to specific because you said actions we could take, in 2019, we rolled out the first of its kind, the patient assurance program for insulin-dependent diabetics, cap monthly costs at $25 will stop. There's 11 million people benefiting from that program today as you see more focus relative to insulin. So we can have and will from that standpoint. Second, as you click down because, in many cases, the devils in the details, as you roll out new programs, you learn that, for example, some of the copay assurance programs can work in an HRA program, but in some cases don't work in a HSA program because of the regulatory requirement to the HSA program. They'll only work for preventative drugs, but they won't work for a broader class of drugs. So that now enables us to be more consultative with employers to make sure there's even a more pinpointed focus on benefit design and communication strategies as open enrollment happens because in some cases, an individual will enroll in an HSA, yet learn later that they have more dislocation in their out-of-pocket costs in a given month from the copay. So my point is actions taken, actions being taken, more precision that is necessary from that standpoint. As it relates to the -- how quickly we could pivot, we've proven tremendous flexibility in our model. Some of the additional data we're providing, we noted even last year at our Investor Day, we would continue to push ourselves with expanded disclosures and you're seeing more and more. We can pivot, we will pivot, we will continue to offer choice and the tools exist today as exemplary with our ClearCareRx program to provide further choice that use different financing mechanisms. So we are confident that we will be able to flex rapidly, if necessary. But we want to also ensure that we are a voice for employers to still work to preserve choices for them as how they want to finance their programs, how they want to manage their overall cost and predictability from that standpoint. But to reassure you, we have ample flexibility to flex rapidly.
David Cordani: A.J. good morning. You tucked a lot of questions in there, but let me start from the top. Relative to value-based care, before I hit the Village first, we've had a long commitment and positive track record relative to value-based care programs. Our orientation, as you may recall, is oriented around partnering, using data in collaborating with additional care extended resources to drive better, more consistent clinical outcomes and therefore overall value. Today, think about order of magnitude approaching 75% of our MA lives are in a value-based program. And depending on what you're looking at commercial or individual exchange, 40% or 50% of lives benefiting from the value-based program. And I'd underscore that we're seeing benefits from that in our continued market-leading lower medical cost trend. Specific to Village, we're pleased to advance and even further partnering more deeply with Village and collaborating with them. There are many ways in which we'll collaborate with Village to further accelerate value-based tier care traction off of their already successful model. I would note and highlight one of the portions that we are really excited about with Village is they've proven their current value-based care approach for commercial as well as Medicare Advantage. And our model with them has the ability to design and benefit from not only commercial and Medicare Advantage, but ASO and guaranteed cost as we bring more Evernorth services and collaborate with them as we curate more specialty networks, etcetera, going forward. As it relates to the part of your question, are there benefits in our current pricing as a result of our village initiative, they are starting to yield benefits already, starting to contribute to pricing in specific markets where the initiatives are underway is the headline. As it relates to your last question relative to big strategy, rate notice, etcetera, you should think about our view is our net rate for 2024 approximates the industry average. We take all the puts and takes that are framed in. Secondly, as you know, we're in the latter part of the bid cycle right now, so it would be premature and inappropriate for me to speak in any depth relative to our specific pricing strategy for 2024. We're pleased with our growth in 2023. We're pleased to see the 10% that we wheeled today and the traction in some of our markets that are maturing, and we will work on a market-by-market basis relative to the bid strategies and look forward to updates as we get into the second half of the year. Thanks, A.J.
David Cordani: Good morning Justin. I'm going to take your questions. It's David. I'll take your questions in reverse order. Specific to 340B, we've seen some recent extrapolation of what potential exposure could be for us based upon what some others said or the size of certain other programs. I would start by saying we think those estimates are overstated. So now let me step back. By way of context, we do believe the 340B represents an important series of capabilities, in many cases, for hospitals to benefit from more affordable pharmaceuticals for underserved populations. Some pharmaceutical manufacturers have unilaterally removed or made it much more difficult for those hospitals to engender those benefits. By way of context, we saw deceleration, some deceleration in our volumes in the first half of 2022. We saw that deceleration trough mid-2022 and we saw volumes begin to increase in the second half of 2022 is different data sharing and other activities move forward. As it relates to our impact, we have factored into our plan for the year and our most recent updated outlook for the year, our best estimate, which includes some dampening of the overall program as it relates to our results, but I would stress, some of these extrapolation based on the size of certain other programs, we think is overstated. This is manageable within our portfolio and not a material driver of the overall Evernorth portfolio. As it relates to your first question, which I really appreciate, Justin, I can't give you a precise answer to your question. If we take a theoretical and say that legislation is passed tomorrow, that creates an immediacy, which we do believe will transpire. In fact, if you could look at some of the most recent dialogue coming out of committees and otherwise for the consideration of consideration of consideration being implemented in the latter half of 2025, for example, we don't think that theoretical exists. Having said that, you should think that we have contractual by and large, contractual frameworks that take into consideration unanticipated immediate legislative or regulatory movement. We don't believe that is the case. We will continue to advocate for our clients. We will continue to work to ensure that choice exist. And as we made clear, even with our ClearCareRx program, we have the tools and flexibility to deliver what a client wants from a choice standpoint, with or without sharing and being able to earn a sustained attractive margin for the value we create. Thanks, Justin.
David Cordani: Sure. Good morning Gary, relative to the Florida activity, one of the two components we talked about. We talked about rebates. This is specific to your question relative to spread. We're still working through the details from a state standpoint. Interesting timing as well. We literally have our large client gathering that is taking place as we speak. This is a topic of discussion for clients in terms of digesting the ramifications. We'll have the ability to flex our capabilities as I noted in prior questions relative to this one aspect as it's implemented. I don't want to go any further in terms of quantifying or otherwise. Big picture, it's manageable. Specifically, we'll work through client by client, the impacts relative to their respective forward footprint and then considerations on a go-forward basis as to whether or not they want to flex financing mechanisms for other geographies going forward, using our capabilities. But we have the ability to flex, and we will be compliant, obviously, with the implementation time line.
David Cordani: Good morning. Stephen, the ClearCareRx program, as I noted previously, we've worked for about two years with a small number, think of a dozen large sophisticated clients to design this program to work through the program to perfect aspects in a program, and we're excited to roll it out on a more extensive basis. Two, I would think about the addressable market as more the larger of the large clients working down given the immediacy of pass-through and then the potential cash flow management ramifications that it creates from that standpoint. So this will be another choice that's offered in the marketplace. I think to your broader question, inferred to your broader question, the relentless of ongoing commitment to innovation is mission-critical in any industry. In this subset of our industries, it's mission-critical and we're proud of the fact that we had leadership relative to a variety of programs. As I mentioned, insulin programs, as we talked before about our Embark program on high-cost gene therapies, our SafeGuardRx program, that is benefiting all of our clients relative to care management programs. TRCs, as you know, more therapeutic resource groups and centers that come together and focus on specific diagnosis and have detailed expertise and then how they're coordinated with the medical professionals and how they coordinated with the behavioral professionals are mission critical. So the path of innovation and whether it is, to your point, a fee-based environment that transpires may transpire. However, having the choice, we think, is mission critical. Finally, for you and maybe the broader audience, we may see some similarities as we've seen in the medical space where as you think about our approach, I mean, the medical benefit space, our approach was broad funding mechanisms and financing mechanisms, an agnostic model, meaning we could flex in any of them, whether it's self-funded, self-funded with stop loss on risk management, a share return model, or a guaranteed cost model. And we see those same trends manifesting in the pharmacy space and we're in a position to lead there. So largest of large employers, two years in its design, it's perfected and it's ready to scale. We don't think the entire market shifts to this in 2024. We think there'll be more adoption of programs like ClearCareRx, and we're happy to be the leader in the space.
David Cordani: Good morning Scott, it's David. Clearly, the GLP-1 drugs have been in the price pretty significantly. And by way of headline, we think the drugs and the treatment protocols represent a positive step forward specifically for diabetics as such. We have coverage within our formulary. I would remind you that early on when the first within the class came out, we actually stepped in with some value-based care arrangements with pharmaceutical manufacturers and have seen positive contributions for both the benefit of patients as well as our clients. But to date, I'd also add that employers have had a more limited appetite to expand coverage beyond clinical diagnoses such as diabetes for certain lifestyle treatments. There has been some, but we've seen more limited adoption of that thus far. And on a go-forward basis, we would expect to have our P&T committee and our internal clinical oversight continue to monitor the progress relative to ongoing testing development in this important class. I would take that trend and carry it across similarly relative to the Alzheimer's space, clearly, a lot of interest excitement and demand for drugs within the Alzheimer's space to help a growing population confronting this challenging disease from that standpoint. We've seen more limited adoption thus far. We see some early data like you're seeing right now relative to next-in-class [Technical Difficulty] seeming to demonstrate some promise going through FDA, working through CMS relative to Medicare reimbursement, and we will stay tightly aligned relative to that. On a final note, if you put a circle around this, I think you've heard in the latter part of your question, you can think about these drugs is, in some cases, creating cost on the benefit side of the equation with an offset of a benefit, clearly. But you should also think about the Cigna Group's portfolio because of Evernorth is having some dimension of a natural hedge given the size and sophistication and reach of our pharmacy and specialty pharmacy programs and the breadth of the clients we're able to serve within that portfolio. So we see this as a growth opportunity within the Evernorth portfolio and the clinical depth we have in there in terms of coordinating services for individuals will be helpful in terms of ensuring that the value is delivered. So emerging space in both categories some promise, early adoption, some track record in value-based care. And importantly, I would underscore, we have a natural hedge relative to some cost pressure you would think about in the benefit space through our high-performing services space.
David Cordani: And Kevin to add on that, as you think about the health plans that are served by Evernorth, if you consider the total cost of care, a health plan through their medical contracting, ancillary contracting, pharmacy contract behavioral contracting, aggregate a total cost of care to generate their price point. So in the case of a guaranteed cost offering or a risk-based offering, the cost of the pharmaceuticals are baked into that from that standpoint, whether that's commercial, individual exchange business, or Medicare Advantage business for health plan. So that's value delivered just like the value that's delivered for their medical contracting, their DME contracting, their behavioral contracting, etcetera, and part of their overall cost equation that they'll factor into the net pricing that they're offering to the marketplace.
David Cordani: Thanks again for joining our call today. Let me just reinforce a couple of quick points. One, we are confident that we will deliver our increased adjusted EPS, revenue and customer growth outlook for this year. To do that, our team remains focused on everyone we serve and is executing with good focus and discipline, all while we continue to innovate. We will also continue our leadership in working to improve health care, including our increased transparency, choice and clinical programs to drive down further drug costs for our customers, our patients and our clients. I would want to underscore that the progress we continue to make all starts with in is fueled by the dedication and commitment of our 70,000 coworkers around the world who I want to thank for their commitment and demonstration every day to working to make a very positive difference in the people's lives we are able to serve both formally through our commercial relationships as well as in the communities we serve each and every day. Finally, thank you for joining our call. And as always, we look forward to our continued discussions in the future.
Brian Evanko: Good morning Steve, it's Brian. Yes, as I mentioned earlier, our Evernorth results are very much in line with expectations for the quarter. One thing that's important to keep in mind, David mentioned 40% of the revenue in Evernorth now is derived from our specialty pharmacy business. And as you can appreciate, the Specialty Pharmacy script counts end up being dwarfed by the generics and the higher-volume script counts that come through the PBM. So it's a little bit misleading to look at the aggregate script counts for those reasons. And I'd note our -- the revenue in the Specialty Pharmacy grew mid-teens year-over-year. So it was a very strong grower. You saw strong script growth in specialty, but again, it was dwarfed by the big picture of the PBM generic volumes moving around a bit. And as you think about the overall script counts year-on-year, I think of the client mix changes that occurred from 2022 to 2023 is driving a good bit of that and that really drove the kind of flattish all-in script counts. Now as we look forward to 2024, obviously, we prepare to onboard Centene, you'll see a meaningful step-up in that metric. But as I mentioned earlier, with the specialty pharmacy growing at such an attractive rate, it's a bit masked when you look purely the script count metrics. So hopefully, that helps a bit. And when you put all those pieces together, we're getting confident and comfortable with the full year outlook in terms of Evernorth income.
Brian Evanko: Good morning Erin, it's Brian. So first of all, I just would reiterate, we're really pleased with the strong growth momentum across the Cigna Healthcare portfolio. When you think of our U.S. commercial Medicare Advantage and our U.S. individual business is all showing strong year-to-date results running ahead of expectations in aggregate for enrollment levels. And that builds upon our really strong performance in 2022, where we added nearly 1 million customers across the Cigna Healthcare platform. As I mentioned, we are not yet seeing signs of economic pressure in our book, for example, the disenrollment levels in the most recent months are very much in line with historical norms. But as I mentioned, we have assumed some level of elevated disenrollment in the back half of the year in order to be prudent. And in addition to that, we typically see some in-year attrition within the U.S. individual book over the course of a given calendar year. And as I mentioned, we still see organic growth in net client counts in the U.S. commercial business, particularly as the select segment continues its sales cycle through the balance of the year. And finally, we have not yet incorporated any assumption of potential volume for Medicaid redetermination. So that represents pure upside for us. And so should we not see economic weakness transpire later in the year or should we pick up some unexpected customers from the Medicaid redeterminations we may have some upside in our Cigna Healthcare customer accounts. Final comment I'll give you just in terms of sensitivities. In prior economic downturns, we've seen for every 1% change in the unemployment rate, our commercial employer levels enrollment levels will move by either 0.5% to 1% as it relates to 1% move in the unemployment rate. So it gives you a sense for the sensitivity relative to the size of the book as you think about how to model the rest of the year.
Brian Evanko: Good morning Kevin, it's Brian. So just a few thoughts for you in terms of the reconciliation to the provider side, etcetera. I'd start by saying we're pleased to having delivered another strong quarter here of MCR performance in line or better than expected. So I'm pleased to start the year in that position. You can think of that as a function of the strong progress we've made in recent years with our affordability initiatives. So that includes items such as our provider contracting improvements, clinical program evolution, siding [ph] care optimization, along with our continued pricing discipline. So all that served us well, all while allowing us to grow 1.5 million customers year-to-date. As you think about the first quarter specifically, the favorability that we saw was driven by lighter-than-expected viral or respiratory claims. So in this case, think of COVID, flu, RSV in aggregate running a little bit lower than what we had been expecting. Now on the non-viral side, we had planned in price or normalized utilization levels to transpire in 2023 that were more consistent with pre-COVID levels. And during the first quarter, that's what we saw. We saw non-viral utilization, reflecting this more normalized pattern. But again, this was in line with our expectations that we had planned and priced for stepping into the year.
Brian Evanko: Good morning Gary, it's Brian. I'll take your first question. I think David will comment on the situation that you referenced in Florida. As it relates to the incremental disclosures, so really, those were designed today to give all of our investors some further context on the earnings sources within Evernorth, just given the amount of misinformation in the ecosystem. And so alongside our 10-Q that we filed today, you'll find a supplemental disclosure that provides some additional qualitative information as well as some metrics that we think are important to help various stakeholders understand what the PBM does and doesn't do. And hopefully, we find that investors look at that as useful information. As it relates to some of the additional data points David and I shared, for example, the 20% of pretax adjusted earnings associated with PBM retained rebates and spread. As we referenced, that percentage has declined over time. At this point, we're not necessarily intending to update that every quarter in the Q but we will obviously give you context for how the earnings sources are evolving over time as that business continues to grow. David, do you want to comment on the...
Brian Evanko: Good morning Josh, it's Brian. So overall, the strong individual customer growth in 2023, you can think of as a combination of a few things. So one, obviously, the industry had some strong growth rates from 2022 into 2023. We also had some new market entries and there were some competitors that exited certain geographies where we participate in. And if you think about the sources of that, our growth came from a combination of existing geographies and those three new states that we stepped into, which were Texas, Indiana, and South Carolina here in 2023. We did see the majority of our growth come from three states in particular. So Texas, Georgia and Florida drove the majority of the growth not any one specific city, we're in multiple locations in those states. Fortunately, we have a long history in these geographies that goes well beyond the U.S. individual business, meaning our commercial and MA businesses has been operating in those locations for some time. So our provider engagement and clinical programs should benefit these individual customers as well. Now for purposes of the claims experience and the margins, etcetera, for the 2023 calendar year, we continue to expect the margins on this book will run below our long-term goal, which is 4% to 6% in our Cigna Healthcare income and MCR guidance reflects this. So we expect to run below that 4% to 6% long-term goal. Given the substantial amount of new customers we've added in 2023, we think this is a prudent assumption to make from the standpoint of the margins running below that long-term target. While it's early in the year so far, the claims are largely in line with our expectations through the first quarter. And importantly, as you think about the first quarter actuals as well as our full year outlook, we've assumed that we will be in a risk adjustment payable position for the 2023 plan year despite the fact that we were in a receivable position for the 2022 plan year. So again, we think that's a prudent assumption to make at this early juncture in the year until later. And in 2023 when we see some industry-wide risk adjustment data that will help us to recalibrate that assumption. As you think about the longer run, this is a book of business that does represent a source of future embedded earnings power that will help contribute to the segment's long-term margin expansion and income growth. So overall, a good start to the year. Still a long way to go for the full year, and we think we've taken a prudent posture as it relates to the accruals.
