Thomas A. McCarthy: Sure. Just a little more on the results in the quarter also, right? I mean, we did see some pretty strong improvement in results on the claims in the first 2 quarters. So they developed favorably from our initial estimates. Second, as David said, that dynamic carried over into third quarter. And then finally, we did get some more insight into some of the factors for estimating recoveries under the 3Rs. So as you recall from our previous comments, our visibility into some elements of the risk protection programs was limited before. And during the third quarter, we received some additional insight into relative performance that allow us to update our accruals. So through the third quarter, our accruals for the 3Rs are now total to about $130 million after tax. The majority of that accrual continues to be related to the reinsurance element of the 3R program. There are some for risk adjusters and a smaller amount for risk corridor recoveries.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Josh, I'm not sure I could actually give you an orientation on that. Our results include some favorable and unfavorable one-time events as a normal course of business. We really just call them out to make sure you're better informed about what's going on in the results as opposed to trying to set a level for expectation going forward.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Sure. So -- again, as I mentioned in my remarks, we are expecting and had seasonality in the fourth quarter MCR, and that's largely due to the growing share of the high-deductible plans in both our employer group and individual businesses. And as individual has grown, they tend to be leaning towards more higher deductible plans and even in our employer group plans, we tend to have more high deductible plans this year than prior years. So combined with the normal seasonality for underlying medical costs in the fourth quarter, which typically, we do have more medical expenses because of the -- during the fourth quarter. We do expect our MCR to increase both sequentially and quarter-over-quarter in the fourth quarter of 2014. So just to reiterate, the fundamentals of the business remain strong and this impact that we're anticipating simply reflects seasonality in the mix shift dynamics and is fully contemplated in the guidance that you referenced. Now on expenses, again, we have the normal seasonality drivers of one-one readiness, probably more invested in open enrollment and clearly, we have some options on strategic initiative investments that probably weigh more heavily on the quarter. I'd also point out, Matt, in the quarter-over-quarter dynamics, we had anticipated a tax benefit in the fourth quarter that actually got accelerated into the third quarter. So that also changes the dynamic a little bit from our earlier expectation.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Just to give some high-level comments in group first and then get to that specific point. I mean, we have our group business viewed as a very attractive part of portfolio. We've got a differentiated model with a focus on health and productivity that delivers great value for clients, customers and shareholders. And have a track record of solid revenue growth and strong return on capital in this business, in what has been a very challenging economic climate. As I mentioned in my remarks, there is some higher visibility benefit ratio this quarter, mainly related to higher average claim size. And while we do expect some variability quarter-to-quarter in this business, we do expect group results to improve in the fourth quarter. And I'm confident that our differentiated capabilities that I referenced earlier will allow us to continue to drive value for both customers and shareholders in this business.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Sure. Christine, again, with respect to the group of businesses that are outside of our guaranteed cost MCRs, so that would be the variety of lines, the shared return, Stop Loss, dental, et cetera that are outside of the guaranteed cost MCRs. As I've talked about before, those lines all behave a little differently so you need to be careful in looking at that very narrow MCR result. But business-wise, there's no news to report there, things are performing as we'd expect and as it happens, this quarter, if you do the math, at least as we've done the math, on the risk ratio result for that segment of the business, it's about 77.1%. And that is pretty much consistent with the sequential results in the second quarter of 77%. So not really seeing anything even in the overall metric. And certainly, as we look at the business fundamentals, there's nothing to call out as unusual.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Kevin, it's Tom. I think we suggested kind of the running rate would continue into the last half of the year. So the accrual is maybe a little bit higher, but really, in the same general ballpark. And one of the reasons that it is a little tricky to talk about the 3Rs, is they are so interrelated. So the components are a little different, but in the same general ballpark. And I would expect as we said last quarter, that kind of the run rate is generally the same going into the fourth quarter, maybe a little more, but nothing materially different in the overall scheme of things.
Thomas A. McCarthy: A.J., it's Tom. So as you know, the Part D business tends to have a lot of variability quarter-to-quarter and this quarter, does include some timing-related items. So I'd suggest you focus on the year-to-date results to get a picture of where things are headed here rather than just looking at the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, we're also running a little behind last year about 250 basis points worth, worse. Mainly 2 factors driving this. First, is the impact of somewhat higher-than-anticipated specialty drug costs, including Sovaldi. And then second is an increased mix of higher cost brand drugs that we had expected in the portfolio. I'd note that our outlook reflects continuation of these pressures into the fourth quarter. We do expect to make network and formulary adjustments to ultimately help mitigate these impacts over time.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Well, Brian, again, you've kind of got the dynamics right. The reinsurance is still the largest share of the estimate. Last quarter, I think, we commented that we didn't make any -- or maybe we didn't comment, but we didn't include any estimate for risk adjustors, we just didn't have any information. And as information has become available, we've been able to make a risk adjustor estimate, but it basically has moved around some of the estimates in the other Rs over time. So we're really, generally on the same trend as we thought we'd be, maybe a little more accrual in the 3Rs, but in the same ball park.
David M. Cordani: Two different dimensions. So I'll call it the Select Segment and then a little bit of more color on how we see the exchange marketplace more broadly. First, relative to the Select Segment. I think it's a great example and an important example of stepping back and not trying to lump all employers into any one bucket. So even within the Select Segment, which we define as 51 to 250 employees, so obviously excluding under 50, there are multiple micro-segments within there. And we tend to target on those employers who, as we say, value incentive- and engagement-based programs, who want to more actively work with their employee base to lower health risks, to improve health outcomes, to drive increase in productivity and see that as a fundamental part of running their business. That's not every employer of the 25 million lives that exist here, but it is a large cadre and we've had great success, as I noted in my prepared remarks, growing that on an average compounded basis of mid-teens in terms of covered lives. And we will continue to do so by leveraging our broad portfolio of businesses. As it relates to the private exchanges more broadly, as we've discussed, we see that as an early innovation marketplace, so early stages of development. We have capabilities, and we are participating in the vast majority of those markets, including our own proprietary exchange, which interestingly targets the Select Segment employer marketplace, as well as the regional segment marketplace. So over the long term, we see some good opportunities for growth here for both medical business, supplemental business, be it for active or retiree lives, as well as specialty business. So core growth in the Select Segment employer base, based on those focused on health risk reduction, health improvement productivity, leveraging our capabilities, well-positioned in the emerging, but just that emerging private exchange marketplace for both medical, supplemental and specialty business, and we see growth opportunities in both areas as we look to the future.
David M. Cordani: We're not providing 2015 guidance at this point. I'll try to give you a little bit more color of how we look at the marketplace. First, jumping out of 2014, as Tom updated our outlook for 2014, that range brackets a 7% to 10% EPS growth rate, and it's something we're quite pleased about being able to deliver in this competitive marketplace. As I noted in my prepared remarks, we are committed to growing revenue earnings and EPS in 2015. There are multiple drivers of growth for us in terms of customer growth in both commercial and Medicare Advantage, continuation of our positive momentum in our broad specialty portfolio of businesses, continuation of momentum in our Global business, and continuation of operating efficiencies. In the face of that, there were some headwinds, which we discussed, industry tax, specialty pharma. As you know, we don't talk about or don't plan for reserve development. So all in, we're excited about being able to, once again, grow the corporation's top line and bottom line. We'll continue to invest, and we look forward to providing a detailed guidance next quarter.
David M. Cordani: It's David again. So to give you a little color around that, and I appreciate the way you described it, "your estimate". So if we step back last quarter, I would say, in the ballpark, your estimate is probably a little bit bearish. Per Tom's comments, you should expect that, that estimate has improved. So the loss is smaller this year. And if you think about Tom's comments relative to the medical care ratio, our range remains, for the medical care ratio outlook for the full year, but instead of being at the high end of the range, we're more in the middle part of the range. Throughout the course of the year, the employer book of business has been consistent, strong performing. So the delta there, Justin, is really the individual block of business. So we see some improvement relative to that. And, by the way, we still see the ability to improve the financial performance as we step into 2015 and beyond that.
David M. Cordani: Yes, it's David. Relative to Stop Loss, as you know, relative to us, we have a long history of a broad portfolio of Stop Loss programs, and those programs are pretty mature in the, what we call the regional segment. As you think about employers' needs, employers have fundamental needs for affordability, they have fundamental needs for predictability and they have fundamental needs for positive health and productivity outcomes for their employee base. So Stop Loss really fits into a predictability opportunity for the benefit of our employer clients. We've continued to expand those programs as part of our portfolio of services, and been able to grow that portfolio services every year with a variety of offerings, to your terminology, both aggregate and individual and continue to innovate those programs for the benefit of our employer clients. So continued growth, continued good market need and acceptance. Really around the peace of mind for our client to have predictability and, I'll call it, risk mitigation in any given year. Specific to specialty pharma, specialty pharma, as we've discussed in the past, continues to be probably the single highest trend category driver once you fragment all the medical cost categories. And we see that in 2014 within our underlying pharmacy trend across our portfolio of businesses. By the way, our aggregate medical cost trend is a very attractive competitive result in the 4.5% to 5% range. And secondly, as a flag for 2015, for the overall portfolio, we expect that specialty pharma will continue to provide a headwind trend that we will offset with our broad portfolio of other capabilities looking forward.
David M. Cordani: Josh. I appreciate your follow-up. So if you break specialty pharma down, if you think about in the broad portfolio of comprehensive medical offerings, no. It's a driver, but as our results demonstrate, offset with all the other active management programs. Secondly, to your point on Stop Loss, not a triggering event. Broadly speaking, I wouldn't think about that as a triggering event. Thirdly, as you think about pharmacy specific offerings that only focus on pharmacy, then you're going to have more of a leveraged effect there. So if you think about the pharmacy offering more primarily, you'll have a leveraged effect there but broadly in our commercial book of business, that's integrated with our medical offering.
David M. Cordani: Scott, so relative to MA, again, we're not providing detailed guidance but as I noted in prepared comments, we expect to grow our covered lives from an MA standpoint. To remind you, we always focus on the individual MA market, we're not really focus on the employer MA marketplace. Based on a look at the competitive environment, and especially our critical Go Deep markets, we are pleased with our net positioning of our overall benefit offerings, our price point, the ability to continue to leverage our collaborative physician relationships, and we're looking forward to having a good growth year as we step into 2015 for the MA marketplace in terms of covered lives for the vast majority of our Go Deep markets. As you know, there were some markets where we're repositioning. There are some markets that we're investing and entering. So I think about it in terms of the mature markets. Well, very good results there based on what we're seeing right now. Finalizing some repositioning markets and then our indicators are relative to the markets we're investing into growth, the new markets we've opened up, early indicators there positive as well.
David M. Cordani: Your headline conclusion is correct. We've seen no spikes and Scott, I think it's important to step back and understand how we attempt to go-to-market there and how we focus the programs. So they're beyond the traditional insurance offerings. As noted in my prepared remarks, the health engagement, the diagnostic programs, the ability to do on-site biometrics illustratively for 100-life or 125-life employer, on-site health coaching, et cetera, all of that is paying dividends. First, for the employer and the employees and as such, for us as we go forward. But overall, we are really pleased with the medical cost trend that we're able to deliver and adjacent to that, therefore, the medical cost quality we're also delivering for those clients in the Select Segment.
David M. Cordani: Kevin, it's David. I appreciate the follow-up here. First and foremost, we're quite pleased with the strategic positioning of the businesses we talked about. So the broader Commercial Employer business, the U.S. and Global, the ability to grow that high single-digits; the individual business, double-digit; the international business, mid-teens; seniors, high single-digits; group, mid- to high single-digits. As it relates to your margin question, a little color or way of thinking about it, natural headwinds for a business over this time horizon like ours, there'll be natural headwinds that will trigger margin compression just as a normal course of business. The ability to offset that will be predicated on -- be on growth, and just basic fixed cost leveraging. The ability to combat that will be continued innovation to be able to deliver value of a diverse portfolio of businesses. Operating efficiency gains beyond just traditional fixed cost leveraging. Over this horizon, all things remaining equal, when you look at the makeup of this business portfolio, it would suggest that run rate margins will be similar, natural headwinds will push a little bit in the face, maybe they decrease them somewhat. And as long as we are committed to ongoing innovation, we should be able to mitigate most of that, but not all of it. So if I was to predict out 8 years, all other things remaining equal, I'd say probably a little margin headwind off of a scale of a business that doubled in size.
David M. Cordani: It's David. As you know, we do not project reserve development. As reserve development unfolds, we obviously create clarity relative to that. So I'd invite you to draw your conclusions relative to that. I think the important headline here when you think about reserve development, is you step back and say what's driving that? What's driving that is fundamental execution and consistency in terms of delivery of positive medical cost outcomes. And what we're pleased with is our sustained track record of setting a goal relative to medical cost outcomes, and it you look at the medical trend outlook for the corporation that we've achieved or improved year-after-year and delivered at the lower level. There's a lot that contribute to that. Alignment of individual incentives, objectives and engagement, alignment of physician incentives and engagement et cetera, but as it relates to the math, I'd invite you to draw your conclusions. When we provide guidance for '15 we'll clearly articulate what the basis of that guidance is, but we continue not to take a posture of projecting any reserve development.
David M. Cordani: Carl, so a little bit more color relative to that and to your question, I think you underscore within your question, there's multiple buyer's and buying types within the Select Segment. So as we noted, it's a group of about 25 million lives. So it's a large segment. It's a large segment, therefore it's a diverse segment. Secondly, as we've seen over the years, the percent of new business sales in that segment have continue to grow as it relates to transparent funding versus risk, but we continue to offer both of those funding alternatives. It's a competitive market. The market is a competitive marketplace and the key to success is your ability to deliver results. A couple points of differentiation that we have and continue to invest in. One, the core capabilities around just transparency and aligning incentives and objectives. Two, a very diverse portfolio of specialty businesses that need to line up, including the clinical engagement capabilities of being able to do on-site biometrics, virtual health coaching, on-site health coaching, et cetera. And then finally, an important point just to tease out a little bit, it's the client management and service staff that wraps around it that delivers what we'll call employer reporting and actionable insights to the employer and their broker intermediary, if they work with a broker, to illuminate where and how the drivers are cost health risks engagement opportunities exist? That's very difficult to replicate over the scale that we're talking about because it's easy to do that for a 100,000-life or a 10,000-life employer. It's difficult to do it in scale, monthly or quarterly for the number of cases it would take at 100 lives or 125 lives. But this is an area where innovation will continue, and we'll continue investing, innovating our capabilities, talent, insights on a go-forward basis. And finally as I noted, this scenario where we see continued tremendous growth opportunity because there's great value creation for those clients.
David M. Cordani: Chris, it's David. So on the ACA book, so -- we'll talk a little bit more broadly relative to our individual block of business. As indicated with our prior question, our -- we entered the year with the expectation that we would lose money and we would manage that within our overall portfolio. We're -- by the way, we're achieving that goal. And earlier this year, we indicated that those losses grew. This quarter we're indicating that, that rate of growth is a abated a little bit and results are improving, but still at a loss pattern. Secondly, we will improve that result in 2015, but to be clear, by no means do we project in 2015 that, that will be a run rate level of targeted and sustainable margins of 3% or better. So it'll be a less of a loss in 2015. And we don't view this clawing back. We view this as 2014, '15, '16, a really version 1.0 of this marketplace, and we're being highly focused on where and how we're playing in the market. As it relates to our pharmacy business more broadly, step back and put that in context. First, we continue to be very excited about our PBM asset. We continue to own and operate a very well-performing PBM asset and that we further strengthened with bulk purchasing leverage through mail-order fulfillment leverage, through the ability to leverage an innovative technology platform. The headline here is good progress on all of the above, good progress on the organization's ability to move forward relative to that. As it relates to your specific question, let me give you a little bit color. We looked at 2014 as a transitional year and 2015 as a run rate year. So the easiest way for that to be internalized as your reference is, we said the run rate year is $0.50 of EPS accretion. Therefore, the transitional year, you can think about half of that. The good news is we're ahead of our trajectory for 2014, largely driven by our own rate and pace of internal investments that we had assumed to be able to drive various initiatives within our Pharmacy business. So headline one is we are ahead of trajectory relative to 2014, largely driven by the rate and pace of our own internal activities. Secondly, line of sight to the run rate for 2015 remains intact. As a result, the Delta between '14 and '15 will be less than the implied $0.25. But most importantly, the run rate is there and maybe with a little upside as we continue to innovate within our overall PBM capabilities.
David M. Cordani: A.J., so as we're talking about that mid-teens, we're talking about the international individual business. So strong performing asset, variety of countries that we operate in today. Remind you of the core capabilities. Our core capabilities, there are really marketing and consumer insights that enable us to microsegment the current and emerging middle class and our target markets match specific solutions to those microsegments and importantly, match what we call, preference-centric distribution campaigns around those microsegments. And we continue to iteratively go at that in our target markets. So the drivers of growth here are really 3 things. First, in our existing markets that we're focused on, continued evolution of economic growth is growing in ever present middle class and the need statement matches up very nicely relative to our capabilities. Second, our ability to innovate in those markets further to expand our portfolio of solutions for our existing customers, because we want to be a solution provider of choice for those customers off of my first point. And then third is to expand geographies. So currently as you know, we took the step to expand into Turkey. That is performing very well for us. We're making the strategic investments to expand in India. We started selling business earlier this year, and the rate and pace of continuing to expand in those countries as well as additional countries will continue on a go-forward basis. Taking it all together, this is an exciting growth segment for us that we will continue to invest in both the capabilities from a technological standpoint and geography and then talent necessary to continue that growth rate.
David M. Cordani: Ana, it's David. As it relates to margins in Medicare more specifically per our prior discussions. We today, are not at our margin objectives. So to be clear, we see upside opportunity here. Secondly, as it relates to the drivers of it. Number one, our benefit positioning in our chosen Go Deep markets continues to be strong. Two, we'll step out of this year with a very good Stars position, an improving Stars position further going into '16 and further improvements that we see beyond that. And third, the Go Deep markets benefit by proven physician partnerships and physician relationships. So to your point, as you framed it, as we look to '15, '16, '17, we see the ability to move the margin forward but we're going to be smart relative to that and balance it versus our growth objectives as we continue to drive forward. So we're not at our objective today, upside opportunity going forward, and we'll be disciplined in terms of balancing that with our growth objectives.
David M. Cordani: Sarah, it's David. Again, we're not providing '15 guidance. The way to think about it is if you step back and look at our prior years, we've tended to build a bit of an uptick in trend relative to what we had in any given year under the notion that we may see some additional utilization trend and/or as I flagged earlier, specialty Pharma trend. So we're pleased with the '14 trend outlook of 4.5% to 5.5% and, as Tom noted, trending towards the low ends of the range. You should assume that we build that trend up based on our known contracting and then utilization assumptions. And most probably, it will be upticked a little bit relative to next year. Final point I would make here and very importantly, when you think about our portfolio business, I'd ask you to remember, that about 80-plus percent of it is transparent funding mechanisms. Another portion of it is assured returns, and then when you get into the guaranteed cost portfolio, because we don't play in the under-50-life book of business. In most cases, we are pricing those accounts based upon the experience within those accounts. With a lot of back and forth and dialogue with clients, so aggregate trend assumptions are interesting, but client-specific experience is what's important, and that's a part of how we work, whether it's in the ASO space, the shared return space or even by the inherent makeup of our guaranteed cost book of business because we're not in the pooled products of under-50, so just a little color, I think it's important and differentiated for us.
David M. Cordani: Sure. Relative to capital deployment, Andy, and acquisition specifically, first, when you think about capital deployment you need capital with which to deploy, and we continue to be very pleased with the positioning of our businesses and the ability to produce the sustained free cash flow that we're able to produce off of a base that, as Tom noted in his prepared remarks, we have well-capitalized operating subsidiaries to start with. As it relates to our capital priorities, they remain unchanged and our second priority is to pursue strategically attractive and financially attractive M&A. Our priorities there remain consistent. So to further expand our seniors capabilities, including the capabilities that serve the dual-eligible population. Second, is to further expand our global footprint. Third, expand our retail capabilities further and fourth, what we'll call local density plays, which typically fall more in the tuck-in category framework. And we have the capital positioning to do so. And as we've proven in the past, when we've taken action, we have a proven track record of being on strategy in converting those acquisitions to positive shareholder outcomes as we execute those acquisitions.
David M. Cordani: David, it's David. You have a pretty good recall, so let me add a couple more pieces and then talk about the prospective piece. We had a couple of items going on in 2014. One, when we provided guidance for '14, I'd ask you to recall that we indicated that there were certain markets that we would fundamentally exit and we categorized that as 2 to 3 points. Additionally, beyond that, there were some repositioning and retrenchment and that's the part you recall. But there was 2 items that were in play. Largely in 2015, you don't need to think about large-scale market exits, number one. Two, there's finalization of some repositioning. But three, offsetting that, there is further traction relative to the new market entrée, investments from 2014 and county expansion in 2015. Taking it as a whole, our covered life performance or our customer growth performance for MA will be positive and attractive in 2015 versus the repositioning in 2014.
David M. Cordani: Thanks, just to conclude our call this morning, I want to emphasize a few key points. Our strong third quarter results reflect solid revenue and earnings contributions from each of our business segments. This performance was driven by the many contributions of our more than 35,000 dedicated colleagues across the world, who bring our strategy and mission to life every day. We're continuing to build and strengthen our global capabilities and consultative expertise to fulfill our mission of improving the health well-being, and sense of security of the individuals we serve. Based in part on our performance over the past 3 quarters, we remain confident in our ability to achieve our elevated 2014 outlook, and we expect meaningful revenue growth over the next 7 to 8 years, with the goal of doubling our revenues, leveraging our business in established growth markets and potential emerging marketplaces. As a result we remain committed to achieving our average annual EPS growth target of 10% to 13% over the long term. Thanks for joining our call, and we look forward to continuing our discussion in the future.
