David Michael Cordani: Steve, good morning. It's David. So relative to 2018, generally speaking, correct. We are through the 2018 selling season. I would note that one of our critical growth segments, Select, it's busy season until December 31. So there is activity throughout the course of the year, and additionally, obviously we're deep and almost complete through the national account selling season for January 1, 2019. Big picture, we feel great about the results we delivered for 2018. Our results are first driven by outstanding client retention levels, our continued ability to deepen our relationships with our proven specialty services portfolio and then sustain new business wins. And we expect that will continue into 2019 based on what we are seeing more broadly for our portfolio. And we've not seen any major change in trend from what we're realizing in 2018 versus early look to 2019.
David Michael Cordani: Steve, our priorities remain the same relative to capital deployment above and beyond. So to remind you what they are, they're three: to ensure the business is properly capitalized for both growth in the regulated entities as well as CapEx for ongoing innovation, and we have a strong track record of doing so, pursuing strategic and financially attractive M&A and then returning excess capital to shareholders, historically predominantly through share repurchase. And as Eric noted in his prepared remarks, additionally I would just highlight the fact that we are well-positioned for 2019 and 2020 during that rapid debt pay down to be able to achieve the debt pay down, as well as serve the business needs and have additional capital available for deployment and then to the tone of your question, a significant step up in 2021 of free cash flow which is just a tremendous shareholder value creation accelerant for us.
David Michael Cordani: Zack, good morning. It's David. Express has a very good track record of ongoing innovation. And I think you should look at that as an indication of evolving capabilities based upon current and projected market needs and indicative of what we'll be doing more together because the notion of transparency, value-based performance, aligned incentives and then further integration of programs that leverage the whole person through the pharmacy, behavioral, clinical programs. But I think it's an exciting step forward and indicative of a really powerful set of capabilities that Express has on a standalone basis that'll just be further augmented when we're together to drive further transparency, further value-based relationships and targeted integration.
David Michael Cordani: So, Zack, thanks. First, we're really pleased, well-positioned for 2019. With the Stars positioning well in excess of 70%, step up further in 2020 to 76%, four-plus. The corporate rating at 4.5 Stars is critical for 2020 as you know that represents a Stars rating that will be used for new market openings and we have a great opportunity from that standpoint. There's not one driver that I would point to, as I noted in my prepared remarks, there's really strong balance performance both in the clinical quality performance, as well as the customer satisfaction and service quality. I think if you were to intersect the two, our sustained execution coupled with our deep partnership relationship with healthcare professionals is helping to demonstrate just sustained delivery as well as continued improvement and we couldn't be more excited about our 2019 and 2020 positioning.
David Michael Cordani: A.J., good morning. It's David. So two questions. Let me take the second question first. A small tailwind is the way we look at it relative to the book of business, order of magnitude about $50 million for the enterprise on an after-tax basis. And as you know, our – the impact of the HIF to our portfolio versus some of our peers based on the mix of our business is different. Specific to MA, we're excited about the outlook for 2019. I would remind you that our strategic goal for MA is to grow that book of business in the high-single digit revenue range. I'll also remind you is that we compete and deliver significant value in the individual MA marketplace, not in the group MA marketplace. So we're very excited about the growth opportunities. We look forward for 2019. And as I noted to a prior question, we're really well-positioned for 2020 as well with a further step up in Stars from our current point of strength of about 72% to 76% and a corporate Star rating of 4.5 Stars for new market on trade. So very attractive positioning for 2019 and 2020, and our team is excited about that.
David Michael Cordani: Kevin, good morning. It's David. Obviously the marketplace will always be in a wait-and-see mode, but the tone I would give you relative to our clients and our broker relationships is indeed a positive one. So it's off a base in an environment where, as Eric referenced, we have a sustained track record of delivering market-leading medical cost trend. Pharmacy is a contributing factor to that, as he just referenced. In 2018, all of our cost categories are in the 2% to 4% range, including Pharmacy. The marketplace sees this combination positively because of the ability for us to further strengthen that value proposition for the benefits of – in that case, our integrated proposition for our clients and customers is very positive. For example, tapping into Express's market-leading and differentiated specialty capabilities is an outstanding opportunity, high value to our clients and customers, and I might add, high value to our collaborative accountable care relationships. So we're excited to step into 2019 with the expanded capabilities, and our clients are optimistic that they'll see a further step up off the strength they're already realizing today.
David Michael Cordani: So Kevin, it's David. I'm not going to give you a timeframe. I'm not going to give you a date certain in terms of when we will or will not act or transact. The company has a very clear track record of being quite disciplined in terms of being first, an appropriate capital steward, as well as making very deliberate decisions that are on strategy, clear and are financially attractive on a go-forward basis. Over the immediate term, as Eric articulated, our capital priorities are quite clear: ensure our business is positioned for continued growth – we're very well-positioned from that standpoint – to aggressively pay down our debt levels in the first 18 to 24 months. Our free cash flows will be well-positioned for that, and we have capacity even within that for further deployment. As we look beyond that window, we're going to have tremendous capital flexibility and the business will be well-positioned to be on our toes obviously from a large scale standpoint as we look forward to further conversations on that matter as we go forward with you.
David Michael Cordani: Justin, good morning. We're obviously not providing detailed guidance for 2019. Look forward to doing so, as you know. And what you articulated, that's our strategic goal and our strategic target on average over time, and we have a great track record of delivering that. I think the big picture message I'd ask you to take, and with the summary points you made, is we're delivering an outstanding 2018. Even with the headwinds noted that you can adjust the baseline for, it's an outstanding 2018. We'll carry momentum into 2019 on the core, and we'll have a tremendously accretive result with the Express combination. So I'd suggest stay tuned for more, but we feel really good about our positioning for 2019.
David Michael Cordani: Good morning. It's David. Appreciate your question and appreciate the optimism. As I noted in my prepared remarks, we feel confident and strong relative to the $20 to $21 of EPS. Which when you step back and look at it from a jump-off standpoint, it represents a growth trajectory that's at or above the high end of our commitment of 10% to 13% compounded over a period of time. I'd say stay tuned for more. We recognize the fact that the core Cigna business has tremendous outperformance for this year and we're proud of that. There's not a detailed plan to "reinvest that number", and as we go forward we'll look forward to updating our outlook, but for right now the $20 to $21 remains our commitment, our target and we're fully focused on delivering that for 2021.
David Michael Cordani: So it's David. Two questions there, first, relative to 2019, we will carry strength out of 2018 as I noted before. We're in six states for 2019. We had evaluated a posture in totality as you noted, we concluded to remain in those six states plus add an additional state that specifically is Arizona. Additionally, our view is that the marketplace for the individual exchange business is more competitive in 2019 than it had been in 2017 or 2018. As you look at the environment, there's more competitors entering the space, hence we will be well-positioned in those seven states but we're actually projecting for a little compression in our overall number of lives that we're serving in 2019 and we're projecting that we will deliver toward the higher end of our strategic range which as Eric articulated is mid-single digit margins. We think that's a responsible margin, a sustainable margin whereby we're giving a great value proposition back to our customers. We're working very closely with our value-based providers in terms of overall clinical quality and having a responsible return from a shareholder perspective. So we think that the mid-single digit margin is a responsible margin, a capital-friendly margin but also a sustainable margin and margins above that are not sustainable.
David Michael Cordani: Ana, good morning. It's David. First, we expect – to be clear, we expect to plan an attractive close this year. Second, as it relates to the synergy capture for the benefit of the shareholder part of the proportion, as Eric has articulated in the past, that $600 million before tax is planned to be realized over a four year period of time, somewhat ratably. So we would assume, if 2019 is our first year, it's a ratable attribution of that benefit from a shareholder standpoint. As it relates to our go to market proposition, our number one strategic imperative guiding our integration planning is to ensure that both companies remain in position and are on their toes relative to delivering on the 2019 promises and well-positioned for 2020. So you should take that as it's a business as usual intense focus on execution for the benefit of both existing clients and new clients that are being added by both franchises, and as we augment through the year there will be enhancements to the value proposition that will take place on a phased notion. And lastly, I appreciate you asking it through the lens of Select because, per your inference, every day is busy season there. So as we ramp in some of the value creation and value capture for the benefit of clients and customers, we'll be able to represent that in part through that segment on a go forward basis. But January 2019 looks a lot like January 2018 with intense focus on value delivery for client and customers for both companies.
David Michael Cordani: Ana, I think as it relates to the value proposition, clearly that's a question for you to probe competitor by competitor and then submarket by submarket. But more broadly, it is very clear in the marketplace, through whether you look at governmental led pilots through the Medicare lens, whether you look at through the successful value-based care relationships that exists or whether you look at in terms of the evolving demand of employer clients, a more integrated approach which is not a cross sold or a bundled approach, but a more integrated approach that addresses the whole person, understands the need of the whole person and could connect the mind and body, the behavior, the lifestyle, the clinical and partner up with a health care professional. That is a more winning proposition day in, day out that yields a better cost outcome, but it's a better cost outcome from a better quality outcome, so I'd say a more consistent mantra relative to that in the marketplace. As it relates to ASO, there's been a consistent trend for years now as it relates to the marketplace embracing more transparency and demanding more transparency through a variety of lenses, and ASO is a mechanism to do so. And as you know from prior conversations, one of the reasons why we've been so passionate about ASO is transparency presents an opportunity for alignment. Alignment presents an opportunity for speed of shared execution which is what's necessary here. So those trends are consistent, but just to amplify yet again, integration is different than bundling or cross-selling. It's truly integrating around the whole person, the information flows, the incentives, the benefit designs with the clinicians, and we see that continuing to grow. And we're well positioned there.
David Michael Cordani: Ralph, if I heard you correctly, when you said service lines you correlated that back to the specialty programs, so I appreciate that. The way I'd ask you to think about that is, I would not think about it through the lens of three to five product offerings, that chapter is long since gone in the past. We think about it today in the existing Cigna portfolio of 20 to 25 different programs or service offerings that our client management, our clinical staff could offer for a client based upon their unique needs, health burdens, change objectives et cetera, and we would see that as continuing to evolve and expand and further accelerate candidly with the addition of Express Scripts and eviCore to the Cigna portfolio. So we see an evolution through sustained innovation, there's not any one item where we say we're gapped by any stretch of the imagination but you continue to evolve some programs and services and that's in part, as Eric articulated before, how we are able to deliver industry-leading medical cost trends six years in a row now.
David Michael Cordani: So Ralph, on the second question first, on the four segments, stay tuned for more, it's not a reorder, it's a positioning of four platforms and the respective capabilities based upon go-to-market, client needs and diversified focus with diversified value propositions. So stay tuned for more as we complete the combination, the way we'll bring forward our reporting visibility and dialogue with you will be centered from that standpoint. As it relates to the leadership team, we're delighted to announce the enterprise leadership team as the inevitable close of the transaction drew closer, the positioning of that leadership team has very focused go-to-market P&L leaders, has a large strategy and solutions organization that services capabilities across all of our operating segments and then has functional leaders in support of the Corporation. We're also delighted to the fact that we're able to, not only previously announce that Tim is staying on with the Corporation but Dr. Miller from Express Scripts is the Chief Clinical Officer for the combined Corporation. And then lastly I would note is, we were able to announce about a week ago Tim's leadership team for his business portfolio which will have tremendous continuity of proven business leaders for the benefit of that business from Everett Neville, to Dave Queller, to Brian who runs a specialty business, to Glen who is the Chief Innovation Officer et cetera, et cetera, so we could not be more excited with the leadership in place at the enterprise level and for the key business units on a go-forward basis. We're ready to close and get on with execution.
David Michael Cordani: Gary, good morning. It's David. The simple answer is, we believe yes. The marketplace by the day is seeing that the broader definition of behavioral services in terms of the health and well-being broader definition inclusive of the core in terms of core behavioral health, mental health, substance abuse issues, the demand for those services continues to grow. The proof points relative to societal and individual value creation continues to grow, and then the opportunity to drive targeted integration of clinical programs and outreach programs with individuals along with physicians continues to grow. So I appreciate you calling out the numbers. We have a significantly larger behavioral book than we do medical book, and both through market forces as well as the combination we have with our broader health service platform in the corporation, we see tremendous growth opportunities here over time.
David Michael Cordani: Good morning. It's David. I appreciate your comment. Number one, we always challenge ourselves to relook at disclosures, transparency, et cetera, and we're pleased and proud with the amount of transparency Cigna delivers as part of our ongoing communication with you, our shareholders. Just one item I would point out, specific to the Cigna standalone portfolio of today, as you know, our orientation is a highly integrated orientation. So our clients purchase a package of goods and a package of services and hold us accountable for delivering an integrated outcome that delivers tremendous value to them. And we're able to dynamically manage medical programs, behavioral programs, pharmacy programs, wellness programs, incentive-based behavior modification programs on behalf of our clients and customers. So as we continue to challenge ourselves over time, we find it a little bit more difficult to parse any one subcomponent out because we've truly worked to drive that integrated proposition. Having said that, we always challenge ourselves in terms of how do we get the optimal level of constructive transparency? And as we look into 2019, stay tuned for more.
David Michael Cordani: Matthew, good morning. It's David. First, thanks for bringing attention back to that strategic goal pledge and objective. Number one, as you've seen, we have been successful relentlessly working to reduce the rate of medical cost growth while simultaneously managing and helping to coordinate outstanding clinical quality and service quality results. 2017, our medical cost trend was below 3%. As Eric articulated, we're in the 3% to 4% medical cost range right now, and we see further opportunity going forward. Secondly, as noted in my prepared remarks, we believe that that is a society sustainable level and we need to work every angle to be able to achieve that with the appropriate clinical quality and service quality. Lastly, to your point, but taking a little different angle with commercial clients, working hand-in-glove on a consultative basis with commercial clients is how it's achieved. How we've achieved what we've delivered to-date is not by delivering a product and hoping for the best. It's working client-by-client, hand-in-glove, trying to get the benefit design, the network design, the clinical programs, the incentive design, the engagement programs designed properly for those clients and dynamically managing them in the year, and then augmenting that with the same approach relative to the collaborative value-based physician relationships. And given our progress to-date, we believe that that is the right strategic objective to have for ourselves to push us to drive continued innovation, and we think it's the right objective to have societally.
David Michael Cordani: Matthew, it's David. Appreciate the tone of caution. We recognize that we operate in a competitive environment. I'll give you three items to consider. One, six years in a row of sustained delivery of the lowest medical cost trend; two, it's augmented with outstanding client retention levels. Remember, 85% of our clients are ASO. They see their medical cost trend every month. Candidly, the largest ones will see it weekly in terms of what plays through. And our ability to work arm-in-arm, shoulder-to-shoulder to deliver this result is what demonstrates that. When you step back and think it through from that standpoint, the sustained results we've been able to deliver in our guarantee cost business, albeit smaller, whether it's employer or individual base also reinforces that. And then lastly, just tactically coming back to, as Eric articulated in his prepared remarks, in the seniors business, we were able to systematically further improve our medical cost, our MLR this year, in large part driven by cost discipline – medical cost discipline but it's augmented with outstanding clinical and service quality. So we like our track record. We like the consistency results and our ASO clients are the direct beneficiaries day-in, day-out of that.
David Michael Cordani: Sarah, good morning. It's David. I'd ask you to think about in our employer guaranteed cost or in our employer experience rated book of business, we attempt to take the same approach not only as Eric articulated very importantly, from the way we coordinate clinical care access, et cetera, but as well the way we try to seek to influence the benefit design. We're not passive in the risk dialog and active in the ASO dialog. We try to be active in dialog across the board because we want the best sustained value for the employer clients. And I would remind you that historically we've not competed in the legacy smaller employer book of business from a guaranteed cost standpoint, the under 50 or in some states under 100 guaranteed cost. That has not been a backbone for the corporation where you might have more routine product design and rigidity that comes forward. Rather, even in the guaranteed cost standpoint or the experience rated, the employers are multi 100 life employers on average, and hence, we have active engagement from that standpoint. So I'd ask you to take that active dynamic into all the employer engagements, obviously varied employer-by-employer. Thanks.
David Michael Cordani: Peter, good morning. It's David. Generally speaking, the small employers we're servicing through our legacy Select segment are employers that have wanted to and therefore see the value from their engagement with us to have a more actively engaged, dynamically managed benefit design, clinical program design, engagement programs, et cetera. Hence, on average they would be less desirous of going into an association health plan and losing control of their benefit design, their incentive design, their communication strategies and the transparency they benefited from. So general direction rule of thumb. HRA expansion, we'll call them the savings based programs, that may create opportunity over time for further expansion in that market as part of the dialog today. And the further enhancements to those programs only slightly will somewhat enhance that value proposition on a go forward basis, but that's a client-by-client call. So I'd ask you to think about the kind of selection bias that exists within our portfolio of an activated employer, embracing transparency, embracing communication, embracing incentive alignment with their employees will lend itself to more active dynamic management on a go forward basis and less attraction to be in a pool where they lose some of that control – for example, an association health plan. Hope that helps.
David Michael Cordani: Charles, good morning. It's David. Appreciate you coming back to that. We called out an example in the prepared remarks. So I would ask you to think that there are multiple examples. And similar to a prior question I was asked in terms of the specialty services where I said, don't think about three or four specialty product categories, think about 20 to 25 service programs that we make available to our clients depending on what could deliver the best value for them and getting the right constellation of those. Specific to your comment here, I don't have the front of mind, if you like the number, Will, you can follow up with Will. And he can give you how many are in the Omada pilot at the current course and speed. I could tell you it's growing and there's significant demand from clients. Secondly, that's what drives us to expand, for example, the Cigna ventures program because it could accelerate on a targeted basis some of our innovation. And since we are a partner of choice organization, we are open to partnering and working with others to create accelerated value. In some cases it is a differentiator, so some of these types of services are differentiators as it relates to RFPs and demonstration of not theoretical value creation through digitization or innovation, but tangible value through digitization and innovation on a go-forward basis. And you should expect just to see a more sort of constant drumbeat of sustained innovation, we put the customer front and center, our willingness to partner, smart use of technology and align partnership with clinicians on a go-forward basis. And what we called out today in the prepared remarks is one very powerful example of that. Hope that helps.
David Michael Cordani: Thank you. So to wrap up our call today, I just want to reiterate some important points. First, Cigna delivered outstanding third quarter financial results, reflecting strong performance across each of our business segments. We generated substantial revenue and earnings growth, strong retention, expansion and addition of new customer relationships and continued industry-leading medical cost trend. Cigna's continued momentum across our portfolio of businesses through the first three quarters of 2018 gives us confidence we will achieve our increased 2018 outlook. At Cigna, we continue to be guided by our go deeper, go local, and go beyond strategy to deliver differentiated value and to invest in ongoing innovation. Looking ahead through our combination with Express Scripts, we will accelerate our ability to further improve affordability and choice, expand our distribution reach and addressable markets and further strengthen predictability for customers, clients and partners. Additionally, given the rapidly changing and dynamic marketplace, we will be well positioned strategically, aided by outstanding financial flexibility. As a result, we will be even better positioned to deliver differentiated value for our customers, our commercial and health plan clients and governmental agencies. Before wrapping up, I want to acknowledge Cigna's more than 45,000 coworkers around the world who have remained focused and who have continued to deliver outstanding results as we have pursued our combination with Express Scripts. We also look forward to welcoming our new colleagues from Express Scripts once we close our transaction, which again, we expect to occur by the end of this year. I thank you for joining our call today and we look forward to our future discussions.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Steve, it's Eric. Just a couple of comments. So, overall in terms of at the closing, we expect the debt to cap ratio to be around 50% or a little bit favorable to that, 49%, in terms of point of closing. And consistent with our prior comments, we'd expect to use capital to deleverage the organization over the first 18 to 24 months. Really no change in terms of approach. As you noted, we're delighted with the strength of the Cigna results, and nothing has changed in terms of our thinking as it relates to the Express Scripts results and how we will use the strength of those results in the first couple of years of the transaction. Maybe I'll ask David to comment on just any other broader comments from a strategic deployment over longer term.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Hey. It's Eric. Our trend results, I would say at a macro level reflect the power of the integrated model and the effectiveness we have of aligning incentives across our clients, our customers and healthcare professionals and that's been consistent for some time. I would remind you that we've got 85% of our U.S. commercial customers are in self-funded arrangements, so this cost trend really directly benefits them and ultimately, it's their dollars that we're able to manage well for them. Relative to the specific categories, I'd note each of inpatient, outpatient, professional, pharmacy, each one of those are lining up to be somewhere in the, I'll say the 2% to 4% range this year, so each one of those categories in that range. It's not one category I'd call out as particularly changed or driving the results, but overall the total package and the total strength of our offerings bring it back to that 3% to 4% trend result that we talked about and just continued strong execution there.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Kevin, it's Eric – or Justin, I'm sorry, it's Eric. With respect to the premium level, it's actually a little higher than that, probably closer to $2.5 billion in terms of our total expected premium level for 2018. And you're correct in your recollection with the margin. We've said mid-single digits has been our target for this business over time.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: The cash flow, Josh, really is just the timing of the receipt of government reimbursements and such. Actually I think this quarter played out the same as the third quarter last year in terms of the overall timing. That payment will be recognized in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, but really nothing else to call out there.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: All else equal and we're not giving the specific guidance on the fourth quarter cash flow. It always ebbs and flows and such there. But all else equal, yes.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Ralph, it's Eric. I'll start on the penetration. The overall – I think the headlines here are just consistent execution in terms of us continuing to both innovate additional offerings and such within our specialty programs and increase the penetration rate of our specialty programs across all of our segments. And again each market segment has a little different set of needs, and so we have to be focused in how we develop those solutions across the market but again, consistent execution in terms of innovation and then continuing to penetrate the market segments with those. Again, we've had a nice track record of that and continue to have opportunities to progress in that space. David maybe will take the other part of your question.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Gary, it's Eric. I think you really hit the headlines there in terms of the things that I would call out. I would just note we've had really strong performance in each one of our business segments, and ahead of expectations in each one of the business segments driven by fundamentally solid execution and better cost management both in terms of medical cost as well as continued disciplined expense management and such. But again, just overall really strong execution.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Sarah, it's Eric. So as you think about the ASO versus insured book of business, we really tend to manage our medical cost the same across each one of those things. And so I wouldn't call out over an extended period of time any difference in terms of the underlying cost trends, in terms of our employers who choose an insured funding arrangements versus our employers who choose a self-funding arrangement. Again, overall, across the entire book of business, I wouldn't call it anything that's meaningfully different there. Our programs are effective in both of those funding arrangements and are attractive and that's why we've been able to grow both of those funding arrangements. In terms of looking at kind of over time or newer clients versus those types of things, you tend to see we build our effectiveness as we deepen our relationship and have additional specialty programs and things along those lines come into play. So as we work through the first couple of years of building relationships with clients, you tend to see our effectiveness pick up, but again, that would probably be the only other dynamic I'd call out in terms of differences in the kind of trend by different slices of the book of business.
