David Cordani: Gary, good morning, it's David. As Brian noted, we estimate the $1.25 for 2021. Big picture, we think you should view it as transient or removable. I'd caution you from, at this early stage, penciling all of it as an immediate return in 2022. But to be very clear, we do believe it is removable or recoverable from that standpoint through a variety of forces. One, obviously the effectiveness and the ramping of the vaccine that will transpire from that standpoint; two, further evolution of both programs and services, as well as treatments and therapies relative to dealing with COVID, and then third, ultimately, if necessary, pricing actions activities. So big picture, agree with your conclusion. We'd just caution you not to harden it fully 100% into a 2022 number yet.
David Cordani: Ralph, good morning. It's David. I think what you're reflecting back on is, as the pandemic, the breath and magnitude of it began to take hold and become obvious, we made the decision as an organization that we would seek to return all the favorable economics that were manifested because of COVID disruption to clients, customers, patients, our provider partners, and our coworkers. So you're reflecting back to that. We did take proactive action throughout the course of the year to work with clients, that's a client-by-client set of actions depending on the client's position, desire, funding mechanisms, et cetera, to both return value in absolute sense, and in some cases restructure programs with an eye toward 2021. In some cases you could think about the, call it, the risk sharing relationship with those clients may have moved somewhat depending, again, on the clients' preference. But that's again a client-by-client call. To the latter portion of your comment, I would say there's no meaningful different between stop loss either structure or performance expectation for 2020 versus 2021. And we continue to feel very good about the way stop loss is performing for piece of mind for our clients, as well as for ourselves.
David Cordani: The Evernorth impact is quite modest. I would characterize it's immaterial relative to the size of that business.
David Cordani: A.J. good morning, it's David. Relative to your first question, the platforms that we're operating within Evernorth and again, we'll walk through it in some good detail at our Investor Day, there are four platforms within that portfolio are well performing pharmacy services, our care management or benefit management or health intelligence platforms that are functioning, operating, delivering significant value today, and each one of which we'll continue to be invested in first and foremost, organically. Brian referenced the CapEx deployment that we have within our portfolio and Evernorth is a part user of that $1 billion CapEx. Secondly, through partnerships, the way we work to partner in different ways, shapes and forms and thirdly, potentially, through M&A from that standpoint. But the platforms we have we feel quite good about as an illustration in terms of the M&A capabilities we've talked about expanding our ability to serve customers, where they are, and where they seek to be served, whether that's expanded virtual platforms, expanded in-home capabilities, et cetera through that lens. As it relates to your second question, the selling season et cetera grounded in the comments we made relative to just the very strong growth results we've put up over multiple years now. We'll be able to carry that momentum through 2021. We're pretty thick into the 2022 selling season right now. The health plan season is far along, the large commercial season is meaningfully along, and the middle market consortium selling season is in the early stages. As of right now we know we have two health plan losses for 2022. We've had essentially 99% plus retention up until that point for our health plan business and we would like to retain every client every day. And we know that that's not possible. But we have two no losses that have been written about in the marketplace. Notwithstanding that, we have visibility to meaningful new business ads from the 2022 selling season and we'll be able to continue to build on the momentum we posted for 2019 and 2020.
David Cordani: So, good morning. It's interesting the way you ended in terms of push pull. We've talked before around our orientation is being we think about ourself as a consultative solution provider. So I pause a little bit on the push side of the equation, but stepping back, your framing I think is quite healthy. As I noted in my prepared remarks, we see the change in which care will be accessed and coordinated is one of the three defining trends over the decade in front of us. And we see significant opportunity to be clear. So let me agree, we see significant opportunity to deliver more value, more choice, more simplicity, with appropriate coordination back to customers and patients through effective use of virtual programs. This is well beyond telemedicine, it's well beyond Urgent Care triaging. There's longitudinal nature that is attached to that, it is aided by remote monitoring, it is aided by a coordinated system to make that longitudinal delivery work. We see this transcending from healthcare through behavioral health to coordinated health care and behavioral health services from that standpoint, and we see it as a significant opportunity. I'd also note that, we've been mindful in terms of the positioning of the corporation whereby we see that as not only a significant opportunity in the market, but for us, because we've sought not be positioned in, we'll call it bricks and mortar delivery or fixed delivery infrastructure, but having the flexibility of the variable delivery infrastructure that is aided for clients. And then lastly, we do see your point, you have the ability to design benefits; you have a virtual primary benefit structure that are being tested in the marketplace today. And you can push that, you can put that in the push category, but it's a choice that you would offer. And we've already seen some positive markers. So a significant opportunity, our company is positioned to pursue it. And you should expect us to spotlight this in a little bit more detail on March 8.
David Cordani: Sure, Justin, good morning, relative to the business. First, we're pleased with the performance that we're stepping into 2021 with rolls to that portfolio. As I noted in our prepared remarks, we're expanding to counties, we're participating in by about 50%. Brian did also note that we're exiting the non-ACA portion of that business. As it relates to margins, Justin, I would remind you, we were early to note that a couple of years ago, we thought that that portfolio of businesses nationally was earning margins above a sustainable margin threshold and we said targets have to revert to a sustainable marketing threshold. And in fact, the MCR we posted this year, we indicate it would show some impact of the margins, more normalizing and that indeed to take place. As it relates to the 2021 and beyond positioning, we think that our margin targets are sustainable, given our provider relationships and our service proposition and we look to grow that portfolio.
David Cordani: Good morning. It's David. I think you've identified several important features there. So, as it relates to commercial customers for 2021, as we expected to step into 2021 with about the number of customers we would end 2020 with, as relates to the years pattern. I'd ask you to think about it as follows. First, we expect the ongoing COVID impact to disenrollment to continue to have pressure on customers throughout the first-half of 2000, our customer number-- throughout the first-half of 2021. Second, as typically takes place in the national accounts segment, there are some non-COVID related disenrollment that happens historically in that business because most of the selling takes place during the first portion of the year. Offsetting that is continued growth and strength in the Select segment that has a very active selling season throughout the course of the year as well as some known middle market and new business ads that will take place during the middle portion of the year. Now, as it relates to looking forward, you asked the final part of your question relative to the trough in national accounts. Our early look at 2022 is we would expect a very attractive retention number at this point for our U.S. medical national account relationships, as well as the selling season has been pretty active right now for us. The RP volume is up. The quality of the RP volume is high. We have some new business opportunities wins that we have on board already. And we're an active pursuit. So we have a level of optimism relative to the outlook for that segment for January of 2022.
David Cordani: So, relative to the ACO strategy, I think that's a broad definition of what the market calls value-based relationships and you're correct, we had an early start and a lot of passion and drive and therefore strategic direction relative to it. I would start with the end and that is the Medicare advantage book in general has a higher penetration of a comprehensive nature of value-based care relationships per customer that we serve versus commercial. So and you probably see that in other ways, you look at the marketplace, the primary care physicians integrated, multi-specialty physician groups, et cetera, tend to adapt many internalize value based care, more comprehensively for Medicare advantage given the population's health needs and the opportunity to deliver really significant value. The exciting and piece of it is we've been working now for a decade to prove that thesis in the commercial space. It varies by market in terms of the level of breadth and depth, but we have well in excess of 600 collaborative accountable care relationships that are up and running and delivering meaningful value. The more mature ones are delivering meaningful value for customers and clients. What does that mean? Clinical quality, so higher gaps in care closure, service quality, strong service experience, and improved affordability from that standpoint. And then the last comment I would add here is the market is always dynamic, but one of the impacts of COVID-19 is it, it jars everybody in every norm and as it relates to value based care, it puts a spotlight back on value-based care that shared risk and shared performance relationships. Now may look a little bit more palatable to some that may have not viewed it in the past and were more white to a fee-for-service model. So, we see an opportunity to further expand and deepen some of those relationships both in commercial specifically, but as well as in some of the Medicare advantage opportunities.
David Cordani: So, related to testing as we stand today first and foremost, the industry broadly speaking stepped in early clear and aggressively in support of clients and patients related to testing initially as well as evolving through process, procedures related to treatment. As it relates to what I would describe as unmed or worksite support, the posture has been thus far in term -- and good collaboration with HHS, I mean [indiscernible] staff, but that is outside of what an insurance or a service relationship should be. To the extent that we visited, we visited dynamically. But, that's typically carried by the employer through an unmed relationship or otherwise. It also reminds you that 85% of our commercial business is self-funded. So, we act as a fiduciary. I mean in cases where individual employers want assistance relative to that, we're proactively supporting through that lens. But we do not see that as (a), likely in the immediate future even relative to engagement on these topics this week, or (b), a needle mover for us given the makeup of our portfolio of businesses.
David Cordani: Hey, Lance. Good morning. It's David. I'll start with the latter portion of your question first. So, as we evolve our capabilities both the present states, but evolve our capabilities, you should think about in general all that happens within Evernorth. It happens within Evernorth as it relates to a platform of services to serve health plans, to serve corporate clients, to serve governmental agencies, and to offer services to, as you articulated, risk bearing or performance based healthcare delivery systems. And you should think about Cigna's U.S. Medical portfolio as a consumer of those services. Now clearly an important development partner, but a consumer of those services as another client of Evernorth. As it relates to the first portion of your question, I think your basic framing of it is right. And so, if just reiterate it and step it up a notch, our view is that the U.S. is not in need of more physical proximity and physical plant to serve the population in general, especially in urban and suburban areas. We obviously have additional need states relative to rural areas in that standpoint. Secondly, the consumer behavior in a variety of areas including healthcare has reinforced desire not an acceptance, but a desire for bringing care and services to me in a real-time basis in a highly personalized basis, therefore virtual care coordination, and obviously that's augmented with clinical staff, but it's bringing the service to the individual and an immediate real-time basis so long as it could be longitudinally managed and coordinated effectively. And then, the last point I want to be really clear on, our view of it is as a complimentary aspect to the care delivery system, not as addition to remediation play, but as a complimentary aspect, because to make it work properly, it needs to be connected back into the healthcare delivery system. And we have many examples of it working today in our approach to virtual, both for medical as well as behavioral. We just see the ability to ramp it significantly given both the demand and the acceptance, and then the tool availability.
David Cordani: Thank you. So just to wrap up, I'd like to highlight a few key points from today's discussion. First, I'm very proud of the way in which our colleagues supported the needs of our stakeholders throughout this pandemic, while also ensuring that we delivered on our shareholder commitment. We delivered solid 2020 financial results, including revenue and EPS growth and outstanding free cash flow. And our strong 2020 performance and the strength of our businesses give us confidence that we will achieve continued attractive growth in 2021 and beyond driven by a significant increase in revenue, ongoing profit growth, and very attractive cash flow performance. We thank you for joining our call today, and we look forward to going into more depth with you around our growth plans at our Investor Day, which is slated for March 8. Have a good day.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Kevin, it's Brian. So just a few kind of framing comments, and then I'll get to the core of your question. Throughout 2020, as the pandemic emerged, we certainly did witness an inverse relationship between COVID-19 claims and deferred care. And if you step back all the way to the second quarter of 2020, the impact to care deferrals more than outweighed the direct costs associated with COVID-19 claims for testing and treatment across both our commercial and Medicare businesses. During the third quarter, these factors approximately offset one another, meaning the cost to COVID claims approximately offset the effective care deferrals. In the fourth quarter specifically, as the back half of the quarter emerged, we started to see the cost of COVID-19 claims for both testing and treatment start to exceed the benefits we were seeing from increased care deferral activity. And so we ended the quarter with performance of medical costs in aggregate that was modestly above our seasonal baseline. That effect was consistent across both the commercial and the Medicare book-to-business. Although I would note that the commercial care deferrals were lower than the Medicare care deferrals that we saw in the fourth quarter. So that's the way I would encourage you to think about it. And as we roll that forward into 2021, our guidance contemplates the respective books-to-business in the $1.25 headwind.
Brian Evanko: Morning, Matt. This is Brian. So yes, you have that right. For the fourth quarter we did see the direct cost of COVID-19 testing and treatment exceed the benefits of care deferral for the quarter in aggregate, with the back half of the quarter where the acceleration really occurred. I would note though that the fourth quarter also saw elevated care deferral relative to the third quarter in Medicare. And again, as we roll that forward stepping into 2021, we assume that the first portion of the year there will be elevated medical cost experienced in our book of business across U.S. Medical. And then as the year unfolds that will gradually dissipate toward the back half of the year.
Brian Evanko: In the fourth quarter, both our commercial and Medicare businesses in aggregate saw total claim costs that were modestly above the seasonal baseline.
Brian Evanko: The only comment I'd add on top of this, to remind you, Robert, that the 2020 performance, when you exclude transitioning clients it showed 20% revenue growth in Evernorth, and 22% growth in adjusted pharmacy scripts year-on-year. So coming off a very strong year in 2020, and stepping into 2021 with continued momentum.
Brian Evanko: Morning, George. It's Brian. So I appreciate the question, and the nature of the way you structured it. I'm going to approach it maybe a little bit differently, but hopefully this will get at what you're looking for here. As we do mention the $1.25, I would encourage you to think about it in three broad categories. The first one being the impact of elevated COVID-19 testing, treatment, and vaccination costs, as well as some of the pressure we anticipate in our revenue, for example, in our Medicare business. I would size that at about half of the $1.25. In fact, as it relates to the 2021 effect on our U.S. Medical book. And you'll see that primarily in the medical care ratio, or the MCR. The second component that's sizable is in customer volumes, again specifically in our U.S. Medical business, we would expect about 35% to 40% or so of that $1.25 to show up in the form of lower volumes due to the ongoing economic pressures associated with the pandemic and then the balance is smaller components that will show up in different parts of the company.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Scott. It's Brian. A few components to your question there, and just broadly the way I would encourage you to think about it is, we're on a multi-year growth turning for this business, right? And we're a year or two of our geographic and product expansion with the expectation of 10% to 15% annual growth. Really happy with the 18% growth we put up in '20. AND well on track to achieve 10% to 15% and '21. The margin profile tends to vary for a few different reasons. One is when we go into a new market, there tends to be a build-up in terms of investments, in people, in marketing before the customers start to come in. Two is when we rate a new customer, typically there's a bit of a ramp relative to profitability from a durational standpoint due to the risk adjustment coding, which you've appropriately called out. Thirdly, due to the unique nature of 2020 and the COVID-19 headwinds that we faced, the results of lower utilization, right? So as a result of that, we were not able to get all of the risk adjustment codes that we would in a normal year, if you will. We factored all that in due to 2021 outlook, the $1.25 earnings per share headwinds that we've called out here. A component to that is associated with Medicare advantage and it's associated with lower revenue that we would have otherwise anticipated having. So, as you kind of step forward as David said in the beginning 2022 and thereafter, we expect some of that will work itself out. And we're not going to give you exact 2022 guidance here today, that's the way I would encourage you to think about the margin profile.
