David Cordani: Matthew, good morning, it's David. As I noted in my prepared remarks, we're quite pleased with the start of the year and our full year outlook relative to our commercial portfolio. And the commercial portfolio performed very well across each of the segments National Accounts, Middle Market and our Select segment. And as Brian noted our growth is essentially all ASO self-funded services with our appropriate specialty services are attached to it. I'd highlight a few things. One, strong retention across the block of business. So, we're sought to move forward with some pricing in some of the segments. Two, we've further deepened relationships and we had some wonderful new business adds across the portfolio and notably within the Middle Market. So, headline there is some very good strength across the board from both retention as well as new business adds. And as you noted essentially all self-funded which as you know we really appreciate the self-funded opportunities because we have good alignment, good transparency, and ongoing collaboration with our clients around the program development and the we're able to deliver. 
David Cordani: Sure Stephen, good morning. It's David. So, a couple of dimensions to your question. First broadly speaking the retention rate -- and I would note that we were quite pleased with the retention rate across the portfolio but specifically in the Select segment where we pushed for a little bit further rate execution on the guaranteed cost or risk side of the portfolio even without our retention rate was a bit stronger than we anticipated showing that our product and our portfolio continues to resonate. Secondly, an ice mix of obviously, retention to achieve the growth we have. We have to have new business growth. That's both in existing relationships expanding to new geographies or subsets of portfolios and new business adds. I highlight as we talked in the prior quarter a very nice large win which shows up in our Middle Market portfolio because it's a locally dense relationship that was achieved through an excellent collaboration between Evernorth and Cigna Healthcare where we had a large long-standing high-performing Evernorth relationship that we're able to introduce the Cigna Healthcare portfolio to and grow from that standpoint. So, retention a bit stronger I would call out the select segment great work that that team is doing retention is strong across the board and new business adds in each of the segments both in existing relationships and new relationships that we added. 
David Cordani: Good morning. It's David. Let me take the first part of your question, and I'll ask Brian to take the second part of your question. As you called out, the specialty performance within Evernorth continues to be quite strong. We're really pleased with the performance of our overall portfolio, and specifically specialty as you know. I'd remind you that, our specialty portfolio, serves multiple segments. Specifically, Accredo Think about that as serving individual direct patient needs on a highly focused basis, including in-home care coordination where appropriate, and Scripts supporting medical professionals by delivering the right drug at the right time for purposes of their services and their needs. I'd also note that, as you would expect, our team is quite excited about and well positioned for the accelerating biosimilar trend that we see in front of us for the coming years. And we're success in the biosimilar space will require not only strong performing specialty capabilities in terms of the breadth of the specialty capabilities, but high coordination on the medical side of the equation, because those decisions as you know are typically made one patient at a time in terms of coordinating the transition of care, where appropriate, unless there's a perfect match from that standpoint. So strength in both the consumer part of our specialty portfolio, as well as the healthcare professional part of our specialty portfolio, and well positioned for evolving biosimilar acceleration as we go forward leveraging our specialty capabilities as well as our medical capabilities. I would not call out any unique drug class changes as a driver of growth, but let me transition to Bryan to expand on that and the second part of your question. 
David Cordani: Josh, good morning, it's David. First, relative to the space and really appreciate you re-amplifying the oncology opportunity. As we know, the volume of oncology needs in the United States other markets as well but in the United States continues to grow. And we're really pleased with the innovation that is taking place. So we're taking an analytical approach to identify individual patients. So the target market are individual patients that we serve today. So think about that through either Cigna Healthcare and our diversity in healthcare relationships. And increasingly going forward, a service that we'll be able to be offered to our Evernorth health playing clients as an example as a consult to bring that level of precision, identify individual patients who in coordination with their specific oncologists so analytical matching of the patient their oncologist where we determine that by matching them to a center of excellence and bringing the consult precisely back to the patient with their oncologists we could advance quality, affordability and the overall care equation without in many cases needing to have the patient transport themselves to the center of excellence. So it's an example of bringing the Precision two by using the data and the care coordination and our partnerships. So the target audience is individual patients largely through our Cigna Healthcare portfolio, through the rollout that's taking place right now but increasingly as in Evernorth service be able to be offered to our health plan clients and others. And then secondly, if I heard your – the latter part of your question correctly, think about these types of approaches as indicative and we talk about what Brian made reference to in terms of Evernorth Care, opportunities to again curate and coordinate more of the Care equation, using data and then the breadth of care to bring more services forward. And we'll seek to provide some additional insights relative to at our Investor Day some additional programs that we'll be rolling out in this year not oncologic waste but taking a similar harnessing of data and real-time service delivery. Really appreciate your question.
David Cordani: Scott, good morning. You're right we will cover that in June, but let me just profile the broader direction. First and foremost, we continue to see our government segment and specifically within that Medicare Advantage as a very attractive sustained growth opportunity. In 2022, we're in year three of our expansion and growth initiative. And while clearly 2022 was well short of our specific growth algorithm for a variety of reasons including market conditions. Our three-year average growth was just a bit below our low end of our strategic range. Now specific to 2023, we are building our plans and initiatives, specifically to drive attractive growth in 2023. We'll profile a little further. We'll leverage our strong stars positioning, our NPS positioning and our overall medical cost in our targeted MSAs. And I would remind you that we're largely an individual HMO and individual PPO oriented organization. Two, we will demonstrate at Investor Day but we'll – our plans are building on harnessing now some of the investment we've made in terms of our market expansions over the last couple of years, whereby the early yield traction on market expansion is low in year one. But by the time you get out to year three, we have higher expectations, targeted investments in marketing and distribution. And then importantly, we expect in 2023 to begin to realize more yield off of our commercial agent population and PDP and med sup conversion opportunities that's in front of us. So specifically, our expectations will be and we're building our plans around an attractive growth year for 2023.
David Cordani: Good morning, A.J., it's David. In some ways it's early -- in other ways, the trend is upon us right? We're seeing the convergence which is a net positive. We think it's a net positive from a -- standpoint relative to the opportunity to further improve affordability. And given our Evernorth model, we have the services with Evernorth and some leverage relative to Cigna Healthcare to really harness this opportunity on a go-forward basis. We don't think there's a single influent point that exists. Maybe that's inferred in your comment. So it's not as though 2023 or 2025 is the single year, we see a ramping of activity. And our teams as you would expect are working class-by-class, drug-by-drug with manufacturers as well as with the programs that we will have in place. And the choices we will be able to offer our clients. I think, very importantly, the consultative nature of the way Evernorth supports our clients will be even more pronounced and more beneficial with the biosimilar trends, as it evolves. As you would expect, given the energy we have relative to our specialty portfolio and its respective traction, this will be an area we’ll seek to amplify a bit more specifically at our Investor Day. But suffice to say, there's not a singular inflection point, 2023 is an important year, with some convergence, but 2024, 2025 begin to ramp and beyond. So we're well positioned relative to that, to improve affordability for our clients and customers and have Evernorth benefit from the value it's creating for our clients, customers and patients.
David Cordani: Good morning, Lisa. Good to chat with you this morning. So, there's a couple of different I think flavors to your question. Let me try to be succinct as I can with them. First, the whole person health or the coordination of care and services remains mission-critical and as we've learned as a society has been amplified in this COVID environment. So first, by way of background, we continue to expand access to behavioral services, whether it's expanding a network in a traditional sense, whether it's expanding behavioral services through virtual care, whether it's being the first have virtual care capabilities, be covered as in-network services through the likes of Ginger. But then, the next step is how do you coordinate point solutions like that and bring them together. And so, let's walk that across MDLIVE. MDLIVE is a great example, and we couldn't be more pleased by having that asset as part of the company to be able to innovate off of, because MDLIVE underscores as a symbol our view and commitment that harnessing technology and data to bring more services on a real time highly personalized basis to a patient or individual, presents one of the biggest opportunities in front of our society for the coming years. And specifically, as you take virtual care and you coordinate medical, behavioral, pharmacy services, et cetera and coordinate those services, patients benefit at a significant level. As we click it down another notch, we've seen some disruption in the marketplace, but I would remind you that our model is not a B2C model dependent upon B2C activation only building off of a triage of it. Or is more B2B and then cultivating the relationship with the customer, whether it's through an employer, a health plan or a health care professional organization and then, end with a fact to underscore our MDLIVE volumes year-over-year Q1 2021 versus Q1 2022, we're up about 29%. So an area where we have significant conviction being able to again coordinate point solutions as opposed to just push point solutions and having it, be highly patient-centric in real time represents a tremendous opportunity and we're pleased with our progress thus far.
David Cordani: Yes. So Lisa, I'm sorry, I didn't touch upon that. And you're right we will touch upon that at Investor Day. So, I'll just try to what your appetite by saying, absolutely, we see tremendous opportunity. So, when you think about it, the leverage between Evernorth and Cigna Healthcare's portfolio, we already have significant proof points and traction relative to that, and there's more opportunity that Eric and our colleagues will walk through when we're at Investor Day. But importantly those services are not limited to Cigna Healthcare, everything we're building within Evernorth is built with an eye toward, yes Cigna Healthcare as a client to improve quality and affordability and we'll walk through proof points relative to that. But simultaneously to be able to bring it to market to stand-alone employer relationships that minor serves, our health plan clients integrated delivery systems et cetera on a go-forward basis. So we see that addressable market underscoring your point to be quite broad, quite large in terms of what we're building and the ability to improve affordability, personalization and clinical quality, whether it's for Cigna Healthcare or other relationships present a tremendous opportunity and we will amplify that Investor Day.
David Cordani: Justin you're live, but you have different names. So you have an alias this morning. It's good to hear your voice.
David Cordani: Good morning Kevin, it's David. Before we get into the Kaiser opportunity, which I will. I remind you that, we talk about a strategic imperative in the company that we referred to. Our objective as we seek to be the undisputed part of choice. Why do we say that? Because we're guided by a tenant that suggests that if we could identify alignment with potential partners, which I'll come back to Kaiser, we could have the opportunity together to create more value. More reach, more service, more affordability, more clinical quality. So specific to Kaiser that fits into the category and we could not be more excited and pleased with the opportunity to partner up with Kaiser It represents a multiyear strategic relationship where we together can improve access value and affordability.  And as I noted in my prepared remarks, it builds on a successful track record with organizations like Prime Therapeutics where we'll look at a totally different organization with the Department of where we successfully renewed both Prime Therapeutics in the Department of Defense and expanded relationships are recently UPMC et cetera. So it's an orientation, relative to collaborating in a different way and leveraging not only Evernorth's capabilities but in many cases the Cigna Healthcare capabilities. So as it relates to the core of your question in 2022, I would not view it as a major top line or bottom driver given the size and breather Corporation. But as we've proven with other relationships we see it as an opportunity that will have significant and attractive growth over the coming years as we collaborate together and co-innovate together for both top line and bottom line which will be reinforcing of growing in relationships. So I'd ask you to put in the category of a an orientation and a long track record of successful partnerships and we could not be more pleased to partner up with Kaiser and build some shared capabilities and innovation to serve clients and customers with better affordability and reach make clinical quality.
David Cordani: Sure, George. No doubt, the environment has remained active. As you noted from a state, as well as federal standpoint, we do not see any one item, I think underlying your question do we see any one item or one theme as a de-railer relative to our business strategy or capabilities? No. And more macro, we are aligned around initiatives that seek to further improve affordability. All aspects of what we do day in day out within our pharmacy services portfolio, are to drive the right level of differentiated affordability, of course, with clinical and service quality always matched up against that, and we're quite proud of what we've been able to do. And I would note, just as an example, it seems like just yesterday, but it's actually three years ago, we launched our patient assurance program for insulin customers. And today, we have 10 million customers in the patient assurance program just three years later. And the patient assurance program was uniquely designed at that time, and still differentiated in the marketplace. The caps a 30-day outlay for an individual customer at $25. So more broadly to your question, it is active. We do not see any one item as a rally relative to our strategy rather the breadth of our services, capabilities, funding, mechanisms and our approach relative to integrating services we see as creating more opportunities than not as we seek to innovate and redefine the way we're able to bring those services to market.
David Cordani: Ricky, good morning, it's David. I'll take your first question. I'll ask Brian to take your second question. Specifically, the first question comes back toward care delivery and I think underscoring that is primary care delivery in the marketplace. Our orientation today relative to care delivery more broadly is we seek to own and differentiate in target areas within care delivery. Those areas include virtual care, specialty pharmacy care and services aspects of behavior health care and services, aspects of home health care services. We see these as sustainable differentiated services that can be leveraged and coordinated. And in many cases function on a nationalized basis or a more seamless basis across multiple geographies. As it relates to physical primary care outside of say, virtual care, which would have primary in it, but physical primary care our stated strategy remains, we seek to partner with and enable health care professionals with aligned incentive models in our care coordination services and that continued to perform -- that strategy has continued to perform very well for us both in a capital-light service orientation, but in the shared collaboration as underscored by our sustained differentiated medical cost trend in clinical quality and NPS we've been able to deliver. Lastly, I would say, Ricky that as we've noted in the past, we are willing to own as we do in a select MSA in the Southwest. We are willing to own primary care physical assets. If we conclude that the only way to get the right balance of affordability access and quality is through ownership, but our preferred approach is again to partner and enable and that has served us well for quite some time, while we seek to differentiate ourself in virtual specialty pharmacy behavioral and home care. Brian, I'll ask you to pick up on Humira.
David Cordani: Dave, good morning, it's David. I'll take both your questions. First, I would not call out the slice phenomenon, whether it's slicing or consolidate as a major driver specifically, as it relates to 2022. The phenomenon transpires as clients look for additional value, and as they seek additional value. I'd underscore though a little bit of a subset here that may be inferred in your question. As we've all learned throughout the prolonged pandemic where people live and work continues to be more fluid than ever. Hence having the seamless network access care coordination and service capabilities that are truly national, and again, seamless remains a differentiator. And like a few -- I'm not going to say, Cigna is no one like a few that proposition I think is even more important today than ever before in terms of supporting the marketplace. But I would not call it the slice phenomenon is unique. As it relates to the Medicaid redeterminations first in our 2022 outlook or our multiyear strategy stand today we do not have a big uptake that would be planned for relative to redeterminations. We do think we'll be a net beneficiary. There'll be some that plays through. And whether it shows up in our IFP or exchange business or in our commercial portfolio through the mechanisms in which people access care or services we do believe that we'll see some opportunity in it but we do not have that factored into our outlook. And we do not believe that you have to be a Medicaid player to benefit from that. We've seen seamlessness of individuals moving over a prolonged period of time even pre-pandemic between programs. So that phenomenon as it relates to the redetermination and the way in which people seamlessly move between either Medicaid and exchange or whether they move between Medicaid through a redetermination now to a broader commercial population we do not see Medicaid as a gate. So that presents some potential upside for us going forward. 
David Cordani: Again thank you for joining our call today. Just to reinforce a few points, we achieved strong results in the first quarter and we're stepping into the rest of 2022 with momentum. We're confident that we will deliver our increased EPS outlook of at least $22.60 for 2022. Our performance is a direct result of the hard work, dedication and passion of our more than 70,000 coworkers across our company who work every day to change people's life for the better. Our actions are also guided by our drive to make healthcare more affordable predictable and simple for our clients and our customers as well as our patients. We look forward to talk to you more next month at our Investor Day about our vision for the future and the progress we're making in driving a meaningful impact for those we serve as well as our long-term sustained growth outlook. Hope you have a great rest of your day. 
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Nathan. So in terms of the expense growth in the quarter for Evernorth vis-à-vis the revenue growth, and how thinking about the full year there. As you noted, the SG&A was up 13% quarter-over-quarter Evernorth, while the revenue was up 10%. You can think of the expense growth is predominantly fueling future growth within Evernorth. So I mentioned earlier, we're making strategic investments to build out our Evernorth Care platform. When you think about Care management, Care coordination Care delivery, alternate sites of Care. We talked to you about virtual care in the past behavioral health in home care. We're making a series of investments there. That won't just be limited to the first quarter. There will be a multi-year investments to continue to diversify our health services portfolio within Evernorth. But for the full year, importantly, our income for Evernorth will be up 5% from where it was in 2021, and our revenue will be up in that same general zone. So you should not think of margin erosion transpiring for the full year even though expenses grew a bit faster than revenue within the first quarter.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Steve. It's Brian. So, I'll try to tackle both of those questions here. In terms of the medical cost performance in the first quarter, as I noted earlier, we saw some favorability come through in the form of COVID costs in particular compared to our expectations in the first quarter. So both testing and treatment came in a bit favorable to what we had been forecasting for the first quarter of the year. And that was true across the commercial book of business in the most pronounced fashion, but in totality for Cigna Healthcare. As it relates to non-COVID, the non-COVID costs came in essentially right where we were expecting them to, meaning, if you look at it on a cost trend basis, the cost trends compared to the first quarter of 2021 we're very much in line with our expectations in terms of seeing a normal kind of low-to-mid-single-digit type cost trend on the non-COVID services. We're not really seeing any signs of acuity spikes or pent-up demand, emerge things like blood screenings, preventive exams, mammograms, colonoscopies are all in line with where they were in 2019, on a per capita basis. And for that matter really were in 2021 as well. So non-COVID shaping up very much in line with what we had been expecting coming into the year. As it relates to the full year outlook for the medical care ratio, you're right we reaffirmed the 82% to the 83.5% range, despite the first quarter coming in a bit favorable. We felt like just being one quarter into the year. This was a prudent thing for us to do and a prudent posture to take given there's three more quarters and respecting that COVID had a lot of twists and turns over the past couple of years. But it would be reasonable to assume the midpoint of our range maybe shading slightly towards the lower half of the range, as you were thinking about where the full year is likely to shake out based on what we've seen so far.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Gary. Back on the first part of your question in terms of the first quarter 2022 Scripts volumes and such. I think your macro conclusion is right in terms of the Scripts being down 2% is largely a function of the client wins and losses and the net effect of that. The vaccines were pretty flat year-over-year. If you look at the first quarter of 2022 versus first quarter 2021, within 1 million or so Scripts, so that's really not a material driver quarter-over-quarter. Importantly, though, as David, into that, here, as each day passes, the total script count metric becomes less and less important to measuring Evernorth's overall performance. And what do I mean by that is, we have more and more volume coming through our specialty pharmacy, as we have more and more volume coming through our Care platform, you're going to see more earnings and more revenue associated with things that are not directly linked to Scripts. So, as an example, within Specialty, Specialty just crossed over the 35% mark in terms of contribution to overall Evernorth revenue, but it represents less than 1% of our overall prescription volume. So, over 35% of the revenue, less than 1% of the prescriptions. So again, just that metric, I would encourage you to gradually move away from when you're looking at the health of the Evernorth business in totality.
Brian Evanko: Justin it's Brian. So in terms of interest rates, the macro conclusion you should draw as you think about Cigna is directionally positive when interest rates move up, but also not terribly material in the grand scheme of things in terms of the direct quantifiable impact. The majority of our balance sheet whether you look at the asset side or the liability side and fixed rate longer-term instruments and those that are shorter term in nature or carry a variable rate. We tend to have on a net basis slightly more exposure on the asset side than the liability side, which creates some favorability in terms of the investment income spread and such. So -- but to mentioning it you shouldn't think of this as terribly material. It's in the call it $20 million to $30 million range annually if you were to look at a 100 basis point move in, in rates order of magnitude. As it relates to the earnings seasonality and I'll talk in EPS terms. Given the strength of the first quarter, you should think of the overall first half of the year is generating about half or roughly half of the full year earnings per share emergence. And then in the back half of the year, we tend to see the fourth quarter as a lower point relative to the third quarter just given the seasonality in the Cigna Healthcare book of business where deductibles and out-of-pocket maximums tend to be met more frequently. So you should think of third quarter being a little bit stronger than the fourth quarter.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Kevin it's Brian. So obviously, we're really pleased with having such a strong start to the year. One thing I would note is, I saw some of the early headlines here in the morning. Our own expectations were a bit higher than consensus for the first quarter. So we had a slightly different quarterly pattern as you think about the magnitude of the first quarter beat. Now we were ahead of our own expectations as I mentioned earlier as well, but just not to the same tune as where I think -- the Street had come in for the first quarter expectations. But as you think about the balance of the year there's really nothing specific I would call out in terms of things that will reverse later or looming issues that might emerge in the second half of the year as you alluded to. We just feel this is a prudent posture to take being just one quarter into the year to raise by $0.20. And keep in mind that's an at least $22.60 EPS expectation for the year. As always, we'll also evaluate additional strategic investments as the year unfolds and digital capabilities and other technology that we're looking to bring to market. But again, there's nothing in particular I'd flag as you think about the balance of the year.
Brian Evanko: Yes. As I said earlier, we think this is just a prudent move at this point in the year we release in particular with Cigna Healthcare being above our expectations. 
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Ricky. So in terms of biosimilars and how we think about Humira relative to the long-term 4% to 6% expectation, we're at a bit of an inflection point right now, because we're getting ready for some acceleration in the biosimilar market as you know over the next two to three years. And David talked about this in response to an earlier question. But even Humira alone and Stelara, those two drugs by themselves represent about 20% of total specialty spend. So the next two to three years will be very telling in terms of how much interchangeability comes to market, how much we're able to move customers over, et cetera. And we're very excited about the prospect to generate affordability for benefit of our clients and customers, and ultimately capture a piece of that value in terms of our economic model. It will be just four weeks from today. Actually we have our Investor Day. And in that time period Eric Palmer is going to spend a little more time talking about biosimilars and how that links into our financial picture. So I don't want to necessarily front-run that conversation, but we'll give you more detail at that time in terms of how to think about that contextually in the sense of our longer-term Evernorth growth expectations.
