David Cordani: Hey A.J., good morning. It's David. Let me try to shape our insights relative to 2022, now that we're much deeper into 2021. First, you're right earlier this year, we've tried to frame the magnitude of the headwind and indisputably COVID had many disruptions to the marketplace, whether it's testing, treatment, revenue, dislocation, etc.  Against that backdrop, as you know, our broad service portfolio and a broad funding mechanism continued to perform quite well, and we're able to deliver from a marketplace standpoint. If you think about 2021, there's really four big chunky items. One was up pulling the headwind category. The headwind created by the COVID cost and the headwind created by MRA revenue decrement. And then, positives offsetting that somewhat which were favorable net investment income and some operating expense items.  Now as we think about and look at the 2022 environment, our visibility in terms of our growth outlook, our rate execution, our affordability initiatives, our efficiency initiatives, and our understanding of how this year is coming to close, broadly speaking, those puts and take in 2021 largely offset one another as we step into 2022, the headwinds and tailwinds. Our at least 10% growth in 2022 off of our elevated 2021 EPS, essentially represents capital deployment in line with our strategic target of 4% to 5% of accretion.  And the residual at least 5% to 6% from fundamental operating growth to get us to that at least 10%. To recap, additional visibility in terms of the drivers for 2022 growth -- mix of growth, rate execution affordability. And then secondly, the puts-and-takes in 2021 are configuring in a way that they've largely offset one and other as we step into 2022, underscoring that at least 10% is largely fundamental for our business portfolio.
David Cordani: Good morning, Lisa. So relative to Ever north, first as we step into 2022, as Brian and I both noted, we're quite pleased with the underlying performance of Ever north. If you look at the inherent growth that ever north has delivered for the organization, and the diversity of the growth, we're quite pleased with that.  Secondly, our ability to both drive fundamental growth because you'd invest in innovation and extend our partnerships, we feel quite good. So just framing Ever north and then coming to the MDLIVE question, our Ever north portfolio has 4 specific portfolios of services that are positioned well: Evernorth pharmacy, Evernorth care, Evernorth Benefits, and Evernorth intelligence. Our positioning growth at the serving health plans, large employers, expanding with governmental agencies, and increasingly with healthcare providers continues to resonate well in the marketplace.  For 2022, to your comment relative to some losses, we expect to retention rate in the Evernorth pharmacy business in the mid-90s, which is still a strong result even with the known losses we'd identified. And given the strength we've had of growth over the last several years, we're quite committed to maintaining price discipline in the marketplace, so the business portfolio will grow yet again. Specific to MDLIVE, we're delighted to have the MDLIVE capabilities in our portfolio and that now resides within Evernorth care.  We see the utilization of those services continue to grow. As I noted, beyond important, urgent or Triage care. But two primary behavioral dermatology. And then we've recently expanded our virtual-first offering. So, we see it as a great opportunity to both expand access, improve affordability. But finally, it presents a platform to broaden some access to care in terms of alternative side of care capabilities. So, in a nutshell, we're pleased, we'll grow again and we're investing in further growth, including within the virtual capabilities of MDLIVE.
David Cordani: Sure. Good morning, Justin. Let me start and have Brian shape a little further both how we feel about the value realization here in the capital deployment. First, stepping back, we're quite proud of what has been built in our international portfolio over a long period of time. This specific portion of our international portfolio, so direct to individual life, accident and supplemental businesses, we've successfully grown over a long period of time. But using our strategy as a guide, the important underscore here, our strategy guides us to further enhance and deepen our health and well-being solutions.  This portion of our portfolio was less directly aligned over time to that. So, we use the strategy as a guide number 1. 2, we feel very good about the value realization, and the net value realization area is quite important in terms of a high-performing asset. And I appreciate your correlation to the group transaction, another high-performing asset where we felt quite good about using our strategy as a guide and capitalizing on a very attractive valuation.  And then finally, that strategic action is done to allow us to even further intensify our focus in the sub segments of the business that are more health and well-being oriented, both in the U.S. as well as globally from that standpoint as we'll continue to grow. I'll ask Brian to speak a little bit more towards how we look at the valuation and our capital deployment philosophy going forward.
David Cordani: Mike, good morning. It's David. Just a minute of backdrop relative to our performance in the commercial market and then I'll jump right into '22. We have a very focused strategy and a long track record over the last decade of successfully growing in the commercial marketplace. As we seek the sub-segment and deliver the right solutions for our respective clients in that marketplace. And if you think about it over the last decade - ish, we've generally grown low-single-digit medical membership. We couple that with significant and targeted cross-selling of our new and innovative services.  And then we complement that with appropriate pricing actions and the net of that yields higher single-digit revenue growth. So that's the big picture of our strategic approach. I'd also highlight with Evernorth, we are further expanding the services that we're able to bring through to deepen relationships, like our prior conversation relative to virtual care as an example. Now, specific to 2022, to be clear, we'll grow again. We will clearly grow our medical customer base again, and specifically, within the commercial market, we have good visibility in terms of having net growth in our national accounts in large account business portfolio, and we'll have another year of growth within our select segment.  So, the net of all that, in a marketplace that is competitive, as we are oriented around solutions that have affordability and high engagement programs with the right funding mechanisms, we will again have another year of net growth in the U.S. commercial portfolio, and it's something we're quite proud of and positioned to continue on.
David Cordani: Sure. Good morning, Kevin. Relative to the pricing environment for commercial, and I'm going to maybe sneak in a little bit on the individual marketplace here as well. But specifically, that market has continued to be a competitive market, and it remains that meaning the commercial marketplace, more broadly, the employer commercial market. And with that as a backdrop into my prior answer, we will grow our commercial book of business and we will improve our MCR. Our visibility has us both growing and improving our MCR within the commercial book of business.  So, to do that, we will be quite disciplined, Kevin, to be clear, and we're willing to make targeted trade-offs for MCR or margin versus volume. And the net of that will yield net customer growth and net margin improvement as we step into 2022. An add-on specifically in the individual market -- our visibility in the individual market is that there are significant pockets of competitiveness in certain markets. And as such in the Individual marketplace, we would expect for 2022 to see no growth or more likely negative growth, some shrinkage in our book of business, but improvement in the MCR within that portfolio. And that's fully contemplated in our 2022 outlook of net growth for the portfolio, as well as earnings expansion.
David Cordani: Morning, Ralph, it's David. Just a couple of minutes on the shaping and I'll hand it over to Brian. As you articulate the specialty components, so we look at that broadly back to our strategy. Our strategy has been and continues to be how do we wrap the right suite of solutions, employer by employer, to help to get the overall health and wellbeing offering aligned in the overall affordability line. And historically, one thinks about a specialty suite of a few products of behavioral pharmacy, Dental has expanded tremendously to 25, 30 different services when you take the subsegments of decision, support, chronic care management, specialty services, now virtual alternative services, etc.  My point of underscoring this has been as you articulated and continues to be a really important part of our strategy to try to get the right value to be realized for our for our clients, our customers, and our patients. And as I noted, our Evernorth service capabilities continue to grow, which add to the portfolio of services to be levered there. I will ask Brian to talk a little bit more in terms of the drivers.
David Cordani: Good morning. It's David. As you noted, the action we took relative to that part of our portfolio and previously the action we took relative to our group insurance business, we deem to be a good fiduciary management of the portfolio and looking at the strategy as a guide to our actions, headline is I would not signal anything of materiality that sits on the horizon. I would reinforce, it's a dynamic process. Our responsibility is to dynamically manage that. But I would not signal anything on the horizon. I'm quite proud of the organization and pleased with the successful execution of both transactions: one completed, second under regulatory review right now.
David Cordani: Sure. Good morning, it's David. Big picture as you look to 2022, brief reference to this previously, but our view of the earnings visibility and the growth visibility relative to 2022 essentially, if you take the -- at least 10%, we underscore that with capital contribution to our EPS growth in line with our strategic target, which is 4 to 5. Then if you back away from that, that leaves you 5 to 6 fundamental organic earnings growth contribution to get to the at least 10% number. And we think that's an appropriate and prudent and attractive outlook given the fluidity and dynamism of the marketplace.  Broadly speaking, both components are in line with our long-term strategic objectives and we have a track record including 2021, which is a disrupted year of delivering in line with that. Good fundamentals, a little more than 50% of it being organic, a little less than 50% of it being capital deployment, and very much in line with our long-term strategic targets.
David Cordani: Matthew, good morning, It's David. So you referenced middle market. I don't think there's a singular common definition middle markets, so let me try to frame your important comment. First, as you look at our go-to market offerings, we have a broad suite of funding alternatives and we seek to offer to our clients their respective decision of how they want to finance the purchase after the benefits are configured, after the access profile is configured, after the clinical programs are configured, and the service models are configured to align as Brian referenced before, the risk transfer in the balance relative to them, so having that broad suite is really important.  If we look at the select segment, 100 to 500 live clients, it varies from year-to-year in terms of how much of the client demand is guaranteed cost versus self-funded with stop-loss, but self-funded with stop-loss has been a meaningful portion. And as you walk from that into the heart of what I might consider middle-market, the further you walk up an average size, on average, more demand for self-funded, less demand for risk transfer. And in the in between range, some for shared returns of a fundamentals that exist.  So a little bit of linearity as you just go off in respect to size from that standpoint, but the important part is choice that we offer in the marketplace and try to separate the financing decisions. from the design features from the program. I would say to the last part of your question, I do not believe that there's a boomerang or reconfiguration effect that happened that we've benefited from a stop-loss standpoint. We've seen just consistency in how we use stop loss.  And I'm remind ed from prior conversations, we have a large book, we have a dedicated team that manages that book because it needs to be specialization in that like many other aspects of our business. And it's both performed for clients, importantly, giving them the peace of mind and revenue predictability and expense predictability they need, as well as for us over a long period of time. But I would not call out anything unique in terms of ebbing and flowing that's changed our rate of growth in stop loss over the recent past.
David Cordani: So George Hill it's two questions I heard. Question 1, yes. The at least $20.35, which is our raised EPS is the appropriate jump off to attach the at least 10% growth. We're pleased to have that underlying strength in that clarity of message. The second question, I think you're asking relative to PBM, commercial cross-sell penetration, etc. In respective growth, I don't have an Individual number for you. We have not historically walk-through individual numbers there. I'd ask you to step back and remember our strategy here. We have a high cross-sell and high integrated offering within our medical business.  As you think within the prior question that Matthew asked, as you go to our select segment, think about that as 100% integrated. It is so integral to our offering, and as you move upmarket, it's more of a standalone sale that needs to be made. We see continued progress there, and we're pleased to either have it as an integrated part of our medical offering or a standalone PBM offering that we could harness and sell additional services because at the end of the day, as I called up my prepared remarks, there were 2 fundamental ways in which a client or customer establishes their primary health and wellbeing relationship.  Either a pharmacy relationship or largely off of a medical relationship. and we're positioned to lever both. So I would leave you with a directional answer on the PBM commercial. Brian referenced PBM strength over pharmacy strength in our commercial portfolio. That's a net positive. And we continue to see on traction both on standalone pharmacy as well as integrated pharmacy within our business.
David Cordani: Good morning, Stephen. We were seeking to be quite clear in terms of -- there's argue -- indisputably, there's some pockets of intense competitive pricing in the IFP marketplace or the Individual exchange marketplace as it's probably articulated. Given the breadth of our portfolio, we're going to be able to achieve both our aggregate growth as well as our aggregate earnings objectives, while maintaining price discipline in temporarily dislocated markets, and we deem that to be 1.  So we expect to see a net flat or decrement in our volumes in the Individual exchange business and a margin improvement. I'm not going to give you a margin number. We're not guiding in detail for 2022 yet and we typically don't guide relative to individual margins. Having said that, we expect to improve that margin from 2021 to 2022, to a more attractive and more sustainable level and we'll maintain the discipline there.  As it relates to intermediate to long term, we continue to see this as a growth market. But as we've managed it and if we demonstrate it over time, if there were temporary dislocations, we'll maintain discipline, and will lever other parts of the business to ensure the portfolio delivers. And as I noted in my prepared remarks, we've entered 3 more states and almost 100 additional counties, to give us access to an addressable market of approximately 1.5 million additional customers to sell to.  And we've been in this marketplace since its inception in 2014. And we have a track record of sustained performance, albeit episodically needing to sharpen focus as we will in 2022, given the market conditions.
David Cordani: Good morning, Dave. So clearly a lot of fluidity right now on the health and we've operated for a long period of time in an environment and we'll continue to that has an active both legislative and regulatory agenda. So we understand that fully. Big picture stepping back, any initiatives that are constructive and sustainable, that improve affordability and value for individuals, we're actively open to engaged in and generally supportive of.  Specifically in the pharmacy space where you double-click down on. We think the most meaningful way to test sustainable policies -- policy change that could further affordability is to stimulate and further accelerate more competition. And if a heart come back as an example to make it tangible, hepatitis C was, I think, a very positive example that reinforces that. But as the marketplace rapidly move from 1 to 2 suppliers for hepatitis C services, which was a breakthrough drug that society benefits from, the overall affordability changed dramatically.  That's an action that is different than who's negotiating or it's very different than putting in artificial cap on a rate of growth from that standpoint. Big picture, we will await specific details and we will remain actively engaged, no doubt. We believe the most sustainable way to further improve affordability, is to expand choice and expand competition.  That's what's worked in the marketplace in the model. And lastly, per prior conversation we've had our well-performing and broad portfolio pharmacy services and tools is well-positioned to be able to deliver value in a changing environment, and we're confident in the capabilities we have over the strategic horizon here.
David Cordani: Just to briefly wrap up our call. I do want to underscore how proud and appreciative I am of our more than 70,000 co-workers around the globe who continue to be dedicated to the many stakeholders we serve. Our team is working to support our patients, our clients, our customers, our partners, in this very fluid and ongoing challenging environment.  And the team is -- continue to step-up time and time again to make sure we're providing the level of support, again for our clients, our customers, our patients, as well as our communities. And through it all as an enterprise, we remain focused on executing our strategy guided by our framework of delivering value every day, partnering and innovating to expand, and then expanding our addressable markets to broaden our reach. We thank you for your engagement today. We look forward to providing future updates on our success going forward, and ask you to enjoy the rest of your day. Thanks.
Brian Evanko: Yeah, sure, David. And good morning, Justin. The math that you asked about in terms of the 10 times to 12 times multiple is in the right ballpark if you're looking at U.S. GAAP earnings contributions from the divested businesses, but very importantly, this is a case where economics and accounting don't necessarily square up. If you look at the discounted cash flows of the business here and the purchase price that we were able to get, it's quite an attractive deal economically that we're quite pleased with the financial terms for that reason, as you look at the timing of when dividends were available to be extracted, as an example.  In terms of deployment with the proceeds, the the broad template as, David made reference to of our group disability and life divestiture, is what we would expect to fall in this instance as well, with the exception of we don't have the same need for long-term debt repayment as we did with the group disability and life transactions. So, we would expect the primary use to be for share repurchase. And when we indicated in the press release that this would be neutral to slightly diluted to our 2022 EPS outlook. That's under the assumption that the primary use is for share repurchase.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Kevin, it's Brian. I'll start on the first piece of your question. I think this was in the context of our U.S. Medical performance in terms of your question on specialty. So, as you reflect on our third quarter performance for that segment, again, the earnings in totality were above our expectations in the quarter. We had two areas of favorability, as you called out, investment income, and specialty contributions. And your specialty contributions includes pharmacy, behavioral, dental, the full suite of portfolio capabilities we have in the specialty domain.  That was partly offset by the two sources of claims pressure that I articulated in the COVID related pressure in commercial as well as the special enrollment period. MCR is now in elevated in the Individual exchange. Specifically on the favorability that we recorded in the third quarter. The investment income is non-recurring, so you should not consider that to be something that would occur again in the fourth quarter or '22.  We would expect the specialty contributions to persist as favorability as we head into fourth quarter and into '22. That was a smaller component of the 2 in terms of the favorable items in the third quarter, but that is something we would expect to continue to persist going forward. David maybe will comment on the pricing environment for commercial.
Brian Evanko: Morning, Gary. It's Brian. So, I'll try to take the various components of that question here. So, as you think about where we are running in 2021 on the MCR, maybe I'll talk in terms of the full-year guide. I think that that's probably the most constructive way to pull it apart. the 84% to 84.5% refresh guidance that we issued. If the special enrollment period lives within the individual exchange portfolio had not grown to the level that they are, and had not had the elevated MCR that they did in the quarter, we would've had an MCR performance for the full-year that was more like the higher end of our prior guidance range, so towards the higher end of the 83% to 84% range, if you exclude the impact of the Individual SCP customers from the full-year outlook.  So just to give you a little bit of dimensioning as to the materiality there. Those customer lives have built up over the course of the year, so there were not that many in the second quarter, there were many more in the third quarter. And the elevated MCR hit us, particularly, significantly in the third quarter and we expect that pressure to continue into the fourth quarter. As David did reference to in a prior question, we would expect that to dissipate into 2022 as many of those lives attrit into our choose new carriers.  As it relates to other parts of the portfolio. The commercial business in the third quarter, we had some elevated COVID related costs, particularly in August and September, with the Delta variant hitting younger ages more significantly than earlier in the pandemic. So that created some elevated commercial claim cost pressure in the third quarter. I would note in our Medicare Advantage book, the MCR in the quarter was a little bit favorable to our expectations, which gives us greater confidence here as we head into 2022 on that subset of the overall U.S. Medical book of business.  Hopefully it gives you a little bit of a picture for how 2021 is shaping up. In terms of your question, looking forward on commercial utilization, are we caught up, etc. we have seen much less deferred care in the commercial line of business throughout the pandemic, and all the indicators that we track, whether that be preventive care utilization or whether that be rates of new cancer diagnoses, etc. I would tell you that there's not a significant amount of future pent-up demand or catch-up care to come. With that said, our pricing posture, as David mentioned earlier continues to be a prioritization of margin expansion as we head into 2022.
Brian Evanko: Sure, David. Good morning, Ralph. So in terms of the specialty contributions we called out they're the couple of areas I'd particularly point to as more material within our self-funded business, we had some strength in pharmacy in particular, and as I mentioned earlier, to a prior question, we would expect that to persist as we head into 2022. We also saw some upside within our behavioral health offerings as demand for that has continued to grow throughout the pandemic. So we saw some increased uptake there, which drove some additional margin for us within the quarter.  And again, those are two areas we would expect to persist as we head into the new year. Relative to stop loss, obviously you gotta pull this one apart further because you got Individual stop loss cover as well as aggregate stop loss cover, and the dynamics there behaved a little bit differently throughout the pandemic, meaning most COVID related claimants didn't actually hit our Individual stop-loss thresholds. Yet we saw a little bit of pressure earlier in the pandemic on our aggregate stop loss business.  That business gets repriced along with our typical 12-month contract cycles for all the clients that we have. So we feel good about how we positioned there on a prospective basis. I'd also note we're seeing good demand for that product. You probably saw on the supplement there, we had 7% premium growth on our stop loss line in the quarter-over-quarter. So, feeling good about all the specialty solutions when you look at the total portfolio.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Josh. So I'll try not to be too redundant with some of my prior comments, but just to kind of summarize a few important points here as you pull apart the MLR for the full year, as I mentioned earlier, the refresh 84% to 84.5% outlook reflects particular pressure from the Individual exchange lives and specifically the special enrollment period enrollees. So removing that, we would have been toward the higher end of our prior guide of 83% to 84%, but a sub bullet there is the individual open enrollment lives are actually performing pretty well.  So when we look at the profitability of the overall individual portfolio, we have good performance on the standard open enrollment lives. We have poor performance on the special enrollment period lives and the total picture there is therefore a bit elevated. Medicare Advantage as I made reference to actually ran a little bit favorable to our expectations in the third quarter. And then commercial was a touch higher than our projections due to the effect of the Delta variant in the months of August and September in particular.  So those are the broad buckets that I paint for you, do you think about what's inside the medical care ratio. Relative to stop loss, we do have a range of attachment points depending on the client. So we tend to see particular popularity around the $15,000 to $75,000 level, but it really depends on the risk appetite for a given client. So it's hard to say that there's one that's always the preferred choice. We have a distribution and the distribution evolves depending on the appetite for clients at any given point in time.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Lance. It's Brian. So within the third quarter in Evernorth, we fulfilled about 4 million COVID vaccine prescriptions. So to put that into context, that's about 1% of our total script volume, and year-to-date, we're up to about 16 million across the three quarters here in 2021. So again, roughly about 1% of total script volumes for Evernorth, but not a material contribution from an income standpoint.  And if that number goes up or down next year, it won't materially move the needle for the Evernorth segment. More broadly on the second part of your question, as we think about specialty generics, and you can even broaden that to include biosimilars. We're really excited about those for the future from the standpoint of driving affordability on behalf of our clients and customers. We think competition is a good thing and ultimately, Specialty Generics.  While the timing with which they're introduced is hard to predict and does create some variability in our quarterly income patterns. Ultimately, we view that as a great thing for our clients, customers, and ultimately for our business. And fortunately, we have a wide range of earnings levers that allow us to capture value in a variety of ways depending on how different client contracts are constructed. We're really excited about especially generics and biosimilars going forward.
