David M. Cordani: Scott, it's David. Just maybe a backdrop comment and then I'll address the rates, specifically because I think it comes into your risk adjustment point. First, as I noted on my prepared remarks, the 2014 rate adjustments, I've made no doubt about it, are disruptive and will be disruptive to the marketplace. Specific to our model broadly, we believe that the HealthSpring model continues to be a winning approach in the marketplace and it's positioned for ongoing success. Largely due to your ability to partner effectively with physicians and work around health engagement and care coordination on a go-forward basis, we think it's been proven as the only sustainable way to really improve health and lower health care costs and generate a level of affordability. So now to put that in context of the rate impact, in your question about risk adjusters and the like, for us, as you would imagine, the rate impact varies by market. You could think about the average of that being in the mid single-digits. That excludes the industry tax. So that's the rate impact excluding the industry tax, just so you know what the industry tax looks like. On a perspective basis, when you think about the capabilities we have, we have 2 large sets of capabilities. One, on average, a richer or more comprehensive benefit offering in our respective markets that we targeted because of the efficiency of our portfolio. So a little bit more latitude to work within those benefits and make adjustments and still have a competitively differentiated benefit. And then the physician partnership, to work with those physicians to get to the best efficiency and quality outcome for the benefit of their patients, our customers, as we work forward.
David M. Cordani: Scott, it's -- time will tell, obviously, as the final rates converts to benefit offerings in the market. But I would say, again, my numbers are mid single-digit on average, and our view of the peer marketplace is in more of the 4% to 5%. So you might argue there's a point, a point plus of difference. I would not benchmark to your notion of a 2.5-point or 2-plus point difference. And you could argue that, that is largely the result of both geographic variability, and then, secondly, the efficiency of our program and effectiveness around the risk adjusters having a little bit larger bite out of it.
David M. Cordani: Scott, specifically to ASO or self-funded, as you know, the bulk of our corporation's U.S. business is in self-funded, think 80% to 85% of the business each day. As it relates to broad themes, we see a continuation of the broad theme from the last 3 or 4 years to just continued openness and a positive appetite for ASO. So we don't see it as a sea change by any stretch of the imagination. In the Select Segment, to your specific point, which we defined as employers with 51 to 250 employees, give or take, we've seen continued positive appetite there as well, so positive momentum, strong portfolio of capabilities and increase openness and receptivity in the market for that. If you look back to our growth results, our regional segment and our Select Segment results continued to be outstanding from a retention, business expansion and new business growth, and we would expect that to continue.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Justin. As you commented in my prepared remarks, we feel as though the positioning of our diverse businesses will enable us to deliver competitively superior both revenue and earnings growth in 2014 and beyond. We remain committed to our long-term EPS growth objective of 10% to 13% on average per year. And as you know, we've been able to deliver that over the prior years. Specific to 2014, given the disruption that the Medicare rate environment has introduced and our need to see how those rates convert to offerings in the market through the second quarter and then the offerings going into third quarter, we think it's early to comment relative to 2014 outlook. But I think the most important headline is we're confident that we're positioned to deliver competitively superior result in 2014.
David M. Cordani: Yes. So I'll be careful in terms of my comments because the competitive realities will play out over the next several months. But let's just step back and use a little context here. As we've discussed in the past, whether you look at HealthSpring's history or Cigna's history, both organizations have been disciplined in terms of focus in geographies as well as discipline for sustainable growth. So within that environment, you should assume that there's a bias toward sustainability, so there is a bias toward a balance margin outcome. Having said that, in the disruptive environment we're going to be in, we think 2014 and, arguably, 2015 is going to present some meaningful both organic and inorganic growth opportunities and we remain open to the positive growth story because the HealthSpring platform is positively positioned to deliver, both today and in the future.
David M. Cordani: Justin, just a moment of backdrop then on the risk coding and then a little bit of direction how we -- how our model works there. First, just to put it in context, we should think about the risk coding as indicative of the level of both physician engagement with their patients and then active care coordination. So instead, otherwise, the more effective either a medical home, a care coordination or an accountable care organization would be, you'd have a more engaged, a more actively managed chronic population and the risk coding will be higher. And that's a dimension of success, right? You have a much more actively managed organization. To put that in context on what might transpire, take in diabetic, which is quite prevalent in the case of Seniors. In a fee-for-service model, the doctor's really not incented to do all the preventative care measures, to do all the care coordination, et cetera. So it tends to be more uneven. In a coordinated model like we have, you have active monitoring of the diabetic patients, blood sugar levels, proactive exams relative to retinal exams, LDL cholesterol, assessing kidney functionality. And as a result, you get to a much better quality of life for the individual, a better physician-patient outcome that works through and a better overall cost profile. So that's the backdrop. Specific to your question in the model we have, we have a partnership model with physicians bluntly to make sure that we get the right sustainable cost and the right sustainable value outcome in our respective markets. And the body of work we're going through right now, as you'd expect, is to ensure that our net benefit positioning and cost positioning for 2014, has a not only [ph] for 2014, but 2015 and '16. So that's an area where we're pleased with because we are working with our physician partners to get that outcome. We're not working against physicians in a contracting way, but we're working in a very transparent way. And that process is unfolding as we sit here today.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Josh. Maybe we're just waiting for your question on the PBM since there really is a lot of interest. As you know, as we've said in the past, that business continues to perform well. And when you talk about that, the service proposition, the clinical quality proposition, the medical trend outcomes, and it's delivering and, of course, the earnings for us. And as we've talked before, the scale addition presented by HealthSpring presented us an opportunity to evaluate a variety of alternatives. And just to make sure we have the right context, those alternatives are all focused on either maintaining or further enhancing our service proposition, maintaining or further enhancing our clinical quality outcomes, strengthening our positioning for ongoing innovation because the constant here is an environment of change and then further approving both affordability value for our clients and customers and earnings for ourselves. The specific update I gave you is our team is making very good progress and we're on track relative to our internal timelines to work through our body of work here.
David M. Cordani: Matt, it's David. So relative to '14, again, most importantly, we believe that we'll continue to deliver competitively attractive both top line and bottom line results. I think, broadly, the way you frame it is a healthy way to frame it. When you think about our business portfolio and you look at the sustained success, for example, in our U.S. commercial business around the regional and the Select Segment, that's the same power that could be used to drive our results, our global individual business. The strength of our cash flow and improved financial flexibility that is built over the last 3 years and further enhanced by the successful exit of our Reinsurance business, all of those are positives. And you highlight the #1 disruptor or headwind. I think the way you're framing it is a very healthy way.
David M. Cordani: Ralph, it's David. I think your question really goes toward the 2014 public exchange environment. And as you know, we do not have an under 50 life employer block of business to protect and we don't have a material individual block of business. As such, we have a look at this market through a fresh lens. We've been running pilots in a finite number of markets over the last 3 years to learn and be prepared for this change. Looking to 2014, we have a bias to participate. We've done the work and continue to do the work to participate. That bias to participate is quite sharply focused on a limited number of markets. When we think about markets, we think about MSAs. Obviously, you're state-engaged, but we think about MSAs within the states because of localization. Finally, to the notion of your question, when we think about rates, we are also orienting our offerings against those markets where we both deem an attractive environment exist, and we have our most innovative Collaborative Accountable Care relationships because we think the better way to win on a more sustainable basis is, again, working with the physicians as opposed to against them in terms of pounding back and forth our rates. So limited number of markets, bias to action, highly focused work being done and in those MSAs, we'll be where our most sophisticated or innovative collaborative relationships are in place today.
David M. Cordani: Christine, it's David. What I referenced before, you're correct, our financial flexibility is quite strong. Ralph noted it in his prepared remarks an excess of $1 billion -- $1 billion to $1.1 billion. Two, we meaningfully improved our financial flexibility post the Berkshire transaction, so you're correct from that standpoint. Two, we indicated that we believe that the CMS rate environment will create meaningful disruption in the marketplace in 2014 and '15. And that will create disruptive opportunity for growth both organically and inorganically. On the organic side, important to note, we are on track relative to our organic market expansion activities. That started in earnest as soon as we closed the HealthSpring transaction. And we've had good planning, good execution, et cetera, and that's on target. All we're indicating is that we have a go-to platform that we could integrate as you put acquisitions into, we have the financial flexibility and we have a model that has been proven successful in its ability to integrate. Beyond that, you should not read anything more into my comments.
David M. Cordani: Christine, it's David again. So relative to private exchanges, first, let's have a little shared context here. There's a lot of early movement in the space, so we're early in the cycle. And within that, private exchanges are coming up to serve a variety of purposes. For example, having an improved retail purchasing experience for individual customers, we think that's a positive. For example, elevating the level of engagement in transparency-related purchases, we think that's a positive within -- as an individual level. There are some that are actually moving forward to share more economic burden or risk, with individual consumers potentially orienting against the defined contribution model. We think that could be a winning strategy so long as the individual is engaged and participative and understands what they're getting involved. And so point one is early in the cycle and a lot of different models unfolding. Second point is you should think about us as having a lot of experience dealing in an environment of choice. When you think about our larger case-size business, we're used to dealing in a choice environment, in the industry where we typically call it slice, where you have a B2B to C relationship and you're needing to market and present your offering for an individual of choice. We are participating and expect to continue to participate in some of the offerings that are in the market. And as we have been in the past, we'll be quite focused in terms of those offerings where we believe the designs are designed to be sustainable and where we could add value and win on a go-forward basis. So that's where we look at the markets today.
David M. Cordani: So Christine, I think your question is now bouncing back to the public exchanges. And we -- first and foremost, we have demonstrated over the last, almost 4 years, that in our chosen Go Deep markets, we have a fully competitive cost structure. Our medical trends have been outstanding. Our client and customer retention rates have been very, very strong, so we feel good about that. Secondly, health care is local. health care is extraordinarily local. In the individual market, it will be even more localized. So we believe our ability to focus on key MSAs and key markets is going to be a winning strategy on a go-forward basis.
David M. Cordani: Kevin, it's David. You're correct. We had outlined as part of the acquisition both the opportunity and potential for entering new markets. I referenced earlier that body of work is on track. The team has done an extraordinarily good job in terms of both prioritizing markets. Good news is there is ample market opportunity then focusing on the markets where we think we have the biggest opportunity to go forward. There's no doubt, as I've said before in my prepared comments, that 2014 rate environment changes the profile across-the-board, whether you're looking at a new market entrée or existing market. Having said that, we believe our model of partnering with physicians presents an opportunity for sustainability and we're looking at this journey more than a 2014 environment, so we're on track relative to our activity there.
David M. Cordani: Ana, it's David. Relative to your first question in terms of -- I think you're looking at the demographic kind of economic profile and buying pattern profile difference in MA and MedSup. I'm going to make a macro statement, but averages are dangerous, and then try to sharpen it down. Macro average statement, the answer is yes. Then you got to cut down to local markets. And I think, as you know, what you'd see is that your MA penetration as dramatically higher and more mature in urban and suburban areas with a broader delivery system configuration. So you have 2 things. One, you have a little different demographic profile between your typical MA and your MedSup buyer. Two, you have a market bias, where MA is more vibrant in certain geographies, therefore, in other geographies, MedSup is, largely speaking, the only alternative for individuals to fill in against a fee-for-service offering. Fast forward that to your secondary question, the simple answer is, time will tell. And time will tell relative to the value propositions that are put on the table in the competitive landscape as it relates to benefit richness and the comprehensiveness of benefits. Now it's important to note, as you think about MA stepping back, broadly -- this is not a Cigna statement -- but broadly, MA participants, about 14 million seniors today, tend to be highly satisfied if you look at national satisfaction data, actually, extremely highly satisfied relative to their programs relative to alternatives. Secondly, MA participants, on average, have a bit lower income level than MA in totality. So you have a highly satisfied population and they're going to be looking at the level of disruption that's presented to them. So time will tell. The level of benefit offering and richness will be a meaningful determiner in terms of whether or not people view a shift to fee-for-service and buying a MedSup makes sense, but you have a highly satisfied population. And then finally, from a Cigna standpoint, we have deep blocks of business in key geographies where there are deep relationships with physicians and a lot of coordination with individuals. So we would expect to have less than average disruption because of that depth of relationship.
David M. Cordani: Ana, I'm going to answer the first part of your question and I'm just not going to answer the second part of your question. On the first part of your question, we have been, we are and we will continue to be proactively engaged in D.C., on both sides of the aisle, relative to sustained program design, et cetera. We feel passionate around sustained evolution of programs, be they commercial, be they exchanges, be they Medicare, be they Duals, et cetera. It is an important part of what we think our responsibilities are. So we are and will be actively engaged in the dialogue, as you referenced, relative to the potential for an A, B combined deductible. Having said that, I don't think it's healthy to speculate what the possibility of outcomes are, given the inner workings of Washington. I'd leave that to your speculation and your debate in terms of the potential and the timing of that.
David M. Cordani: A.J., it's David. I think you framed it nicely. First, if you look back over the last several years, we've committed to and we delivered consistent improvements to our expense ratio, and we're pleased with that. In addition to that, we've committed to and we've executed continued, highly focused strategic investments. So you're not seeing a big change in our strategic investment profile, for example, in advance of the public exchanges or otherwise. We continue to target investments within the organization. And obviously, to your point, as we successfully grow the franchise, there is revenue leverage opportunity that presents itself. And I'll end with a "for example". For example, last year, we talked to the investor community about a series of targeted investments we were incurring in the early portion of 2012 that would yield sub-finitive benefits to our expense ratio in the second half. Those were technology-related initiatives, vendor-specific, cutover-transpired, those were very targeted. Beyond that, you'd see ongoing efficiency exercises to help us get the productivity gains we need to be able to continue to reinvest going forward. And you should expect us to continue to generate that on a forward-looking basis as we invest back on ourselves.
David M. Cordani: It's David again. Well, the international operation when you think about our global footprint, there's a couple of portfolios of business there. One that both I and Ralph highlighted is the global Individual Supplemental business is performing extremely well. Within that portfolio -- I wouldn't highlight any one area -- I would reinforce the fact that within the delivery of those results, we're continuing to invest in product, we'll continue to invest in distribution channel, innovation. We'll continue to invest in new market entrées such as Turkey, which is up and running, as well as India. So that's one section of the portfolio. The second section of the portfolio, which is part of our Global Health Care business, really focus on the globally mobile population need. And that performed in line with our expectations in the first quarter, so I wouldn't highlight anything there.
David M. Cordani: Sure, David. It's David. Simple answer is yes. So when you think about our global individual supplemental business, that business is a direct individual distribution infrastructure, where we sell direct to individuals targeted offerings based on segmentations and needs based on life status. We deliver those products or solutions through a variety of distribution channels. Historically, telemarketing. Today, telemarketing, Internet, direct response TV, bancassurance or other affinity channel delivery. It's fueled by a large cadre of, I'll call them, marketing statisticians, product and distribution resources. We have been and continue to leverage those resources within the company. Lastly, the pilots I referenced earlier in a prior question, so we've run 3 years of pilots back here in the United States; manifested, round numbers, 200,000 individual primary lives. Those are driven -- aided by these distribution resources outside the United states as we're just trying to leverage those learnings and we think that gives us a nice advantage as we look to our target markets going forward.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Dave. So contextually, Cigna started on this path on or around 2008. We split up 8 collaboratives, different models, with the objective to learn. And by the way, you continue to learn as you go forward. Fast forward to today, we have just shy of 60 up and running. Span approximately 24 -- 23, 24 states touching 23,000 physicians. And between the HealthSpring Seniors lives and the commercial lives, we're approaching 1 million lives that are touched, so significant growth. The exciting part is you're seeing coming out of those collaboratives a lot of what HealthSpring was able to prove in the Seniors population. Higher level of engagement, higher level of clinical coordination, higher level of medication compliance for chronics, et cetera. As a result, higher satisfaction for both the patient or customer as well as the physician, and then improved cost. So we believe that there is a tremendous opportunity here as we go forward. Looking to the future, and I think we profiled this a little bit at our I Day, we have potentially a map of the country. And by MSAs, our objective is that, over the course of the next year, you're going to see another significant tranche of growth in the pipeline for new collaboratives. It is rather rich that are in front of us today.
David M. Cordani: Dave, I appreciate that. The -- to be clear we have some ownership physicians today. But our preferred approach, to your point, our preferred approach is to partner. And then in markets that are critical, where we don't believe we could have the right partnership opportunities, we are both willing and capable of owning. So that's the way to look at us.
David M. Cordani: Peter, it's David. Mathematically, I'm sure you're correct, but you're doing a percent change off of a de minimis base. If you go to another number, that is a large percentage change. Stepping back to the broader frame that you put forward, we've been really clear relative to Medicaid. Base Medicaid, if you will, is not an area, broadly from a national footprint, that we deem to be a strategic priority. In our focused Go Deep markets, where we believe we have an opportunity to differentiate value, is around the care coordination for the high-risk population. We can deem those as dual eligibles, high-risk population cohorts, et cetera, where the care coordination, care management physician partnership models work. So there is an initiative underway with early traction in Texas relative to that. But we need to look at all these as early generation initiatives, where we need to partner with the states to be able to deliver value as well as an early win in Illinois for us on a very targeted basis. But you should look at that as a small nucleus within our company and a highly focused nucleus today. However, an openness to grow in areas and in key Go Deep geographies where we can focus on the high-risk population.
David M. Cordani: Then Peter, it's David. I would just make an add to that. It's important to put, on Ralph's comments which are absolutely correct, in the context of a little bit of Cigna history here. We have a deep expertise in this area that is proving tremendous returns and tremendous sustainability to the returns. So you have a core competency there within our organization. To Ralph's point, there's fungibility, but we should think about that as a level of expertise that has delivered sustained results year in, year out, decade in, decade out in areas of headwinds and areas of tailwinds, which is why it's an important aspect as Ralph points to, we'll use within our portfolio.
David M. Cordani: Sarah, it's David. We're in for an environment, as we step into 2014, as a country of disruption in a variety of ways. And exchanges is one of those, just the nature of dealing with change. From a Cigna perspective, our message has been very clear. Again, as you know, we don't have a book of business that we need to protect here. We have new opportunities to focus on. We intend to act. We've taken discrete action within the company, we intend to be highly focused. And from a business standpoint, you should expect us to have kind of a controlled ramp as the level of market change unfolds. So we're in position to deliver on the promises for the new customers we'll be serving. Learn from that and innovate off the base of it. I'm not sure, to be blunt with you, whether or not it's going to be Medicaid biased or none. You could make an argument that there's a good value proposition there because the size and shape of the federal subsidies gets meaningful once you go below 250% of federal poverty level. But the buying behavior for somebody at 250% of federal poverty level is going to probably be a bit different than somebody at a 150% of federal poverty level. That's where the localization and the customer knowledge comes into play. As it relates to narrow networks, I think, the whole notion of transparency in choice is going to be mission-critical. We don't think about it as a narrow network for narrow network's sake. We think about it as, how do you get the highest value network configuration for the subsegment you're going after? And what's factored into our bias, Sarah, very importantly here is where are our Collaborative Accountable Care relationships? Think about it as a Cigna or the HealthSpring model, most mature. And how can you use those partnerships locked arm and arm with the physicians to get in the best value proposition for individuals. So yes, you could argue that the network will be a little bit more narrow, but it won't be traditional narrow network picking based on price. It'll be picked based upon collaboration and total cost outcome and total value.
David M. Cordani: Thank you. In closing, let me just emphasize a few highlights from our discussion today. We are pleased with our first quarter results, which demonstrated a strong start to the year for Cigna. Our performance was the direct result of the effective execution of our strategy and the strength of our diverse portfolio of businesses. Looking ahead, we believe companies and individuals alike will continue to demand health, well-being and sense of security solutions that are both high quality and affordable. And Cigna's sustained strategic investments and continued expansion of our portfolio of employer, individual and Senior solutions capabilities positions us to continue to serve our customers and clients in this dynamic global environment. And lastly, the strength of our first quarter results have positioned us to increase our 2013 earnings outlook. We thank you for joining us and your continued interest in Cigna, and look forward to our future discussions.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Josh, it's Ralph. Yes, to your point, we feel good about our outlook. It primarily reflects the benefit of the prior year development that we experienced in the quarter. We clearly had planned investments, behind capabilities and further growth in the balance of the year, which didn't come through in the first quarter as we expected, but we do see it coming through the balance of the year, so our guidance reflects that. And to your latter question on sequestration, as we went into the year and talked about our guidance, we did contemplate within the outlook range of that occurring. And our current guidance also contemplates the impact of sequestration as it flows through, starting in the second quarter.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: No. I would say not higher than what we thought 3 months ago, if you step back on our operating expenses overall. It's important to point out, we've consistently improve our operating expense ratio while continuing to invest behind the business, behind growth. And as I noted in my remarks, we expect to improve our ratio by at least 50 basis points off of the 22.6% that we ended in 2012, so nothing unusual there. We're kind of marching through the plan that we had going into the year.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Sure, Matt. It's Ralph. Again, overall, continue to be pleased with the Group segment in terms of the margins and returns in the difficult economic environment. We are on track to reach the guidance range. We did see some claims volatility in terms of size of claims in the first quarter, which we expect would more normalize over the period of a year. We're also expecting to continue to see operating improvements, which we've been doing over the last several years and that's actually been our outlook as well.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Sure, Ralph. A few questions in there. First, let me start on the commercial side and then I'll come back on the Seniors side a little bit. Overall, as the quarter came in line with our expectation, certainly, on the commercial piece, a little bit more elevated in the Seniors side because of the flu impact in the first quarter but in line with our expectations, and our trend projection. It does reflect a slight uptick from the first quarter where we were more on the lower end of that range of 6% to 7% but we project a slight uptick as we move through the balance of the year. In terms of the kind of pieces there, I would say no real changes to the historical mix of the different utilization patterns within the trend. And then on the MA side, on the Medicare Advantage side, as I'd mentioned, we did give the impact from the flu in the first quarter, some of that was partially offset by prior year development that we did see in the quarter. And I think it's important to note that as we entered the year, we expected to move our loss ratios up a little bit to position ourselves with the new MLR guidelines in '14.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Kevin, it's Ralph. First, obviously, we feel very good about our position and our ability to grow the business over the long-term, I think, very important. And then as we look at our capital management priorities, they have essentially remained unchanged. And as we look at the window of time here in the short-term, we felt that deploying some of the excess capital to share repurchase was the best interest for the shareholders.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Peter, it's Ralph. It's -- I guess, to your question, on a broader basis, we'll always look at our investment portfolio relative to our liabilities and ensure that we're matching our assets and liabilities and durations. So as the portfolio mix changes, we will make adjustments, not necessarily in any one asset class, but we'll take a look on a broader basis across all asset classes. But I think, over time, you could see the overall investment portfolio mix shift but it'll be in line with managing our overall liability.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Sarah, it's Ralph. First, on the sequestration impact, that isn't reflected in our special items, that's in our ongoing results. And as I mentioned previously, that was contemplated in our outlook range that we have and it remains there. So that's outside of special items. Regarding the $51 million after-tax special item, that is related to our Disability business and a regulatory review that we underwent regarding claims handling procedures, and we have reached an agreement in principle on handling long-term Disability practices. And as a result, we took a $51 million charge. That's really retrospective in terms of its -- of impact. And then going forward, prospectively, we expect that the effect of these claims processes and practices not to have an impact in our margins over time as the industry adopts the new procedures.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: We factored -- Sarah, again, to be clear, we factored in our original guidance on our current guidance, a range of outcomes within sequestration within our outlook range. And what we're seeing is the result -- the actual sequestration coming in at the lower end of the range that we contemplated given the timing.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Sure, Chris. It's Ralph. First, let me start with 2012. Largely, what we saw is -- and we saw in the prior year development, we finished closer to about 5% on the overall trend for the year. And the shape of that was largely somewhat favorable in the first quarter. We did see some escalation in the second quarter and that begin to moderate over the balance of the year. So there were some shape to it. As we move into this year and look at our first quarter and our trend projections, we've guided to 6% to 7%. We're on the lower end of that range in the first quarter and we're expecting a slight uptick from there overall as we move to the balance of the year. And that's why we're holding our projection to 6% to 7%.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Chris, I would just say nothing unusual there at all. It's just there was a seasonal pattern to PDP and we recorded a higher loss ratio in the early part of the year, and that's essentially what you're seeing.
