David Cordani: Good morning. It’s David. Clearly the announcement was not lost on us. So stepping back I think one way we look at the announcement is, it reinforces something we’ve been talking about for quite some time, which is – it’s a pretty dynamic industry and the older orientation around focusing only on insurance or a fee-for-service healthcare delivery model is just fundamentally not sustainable as employers and customers demand more. Secondly, from our point of view, it reinforces the imperative of focusing on transparency, focusing on alignment and focusing on in a demonstrable way helping to ensure that you have the ability to drive healthy productive present employees and making employer's business better and more effective. I would point to as an example something we’re quite proud of not only the lowest medical cost trend in the industry year-in and year-out, but this year for 2017 we ended favorable to the lower end of our improved range, so less than 3% medical cost trend for the benefit of our clients and customers. Looking forward, we actually see initiatives like this is actually presenting more opportunities than not. To your question there are been other different forms of coalitions forming, although this is a different coalition. Coalitions forming through the national business group on health, coalitions forming, you can look at it through private exchanges. And overtime each of them had presented opportunities interestingly for additional growth for us for both our medical and specialty offerings because we’re oriented around transparent aligned funding relationships. So, taken as whole we view it as indicative of a changing dynamic environment, indicative of employers seeing this more as a strategic investment in the capital and employers seeking opportunities to get more leverage, more impact for the benefit of running the business and we can more opportunity than not.
David Cordani: Josh, good morning. Two comments specific in general. Specific to your question, think about as today as we operate before we get the HealthSpring. We’re able to operate and deliver quite good services for employer clients through on-site clinic management and coordination, on-site health coaches, management and coordination, in select instances, on-site pharmacy management coordination, so think about that is one retail point of interaction that we do on a highly integrated basis. Secondly to your HealthSpring question, HealthSpring model, as you recall, there are different footprints and different geographies, we can go as broad as the Cigna owned medical group in Arizona to owning bricks and mortar real estate in Tennessee and having independent physicians rotate through that and everywhere in between. I think more broadly stepping back as it relates to retail footprint, our strategic view is that virtual vertical integration is a preferred approach versus wholesale vertical integration on a hardened basis. So what we mean by that is we are through virtual vertical integration, we’re able to drive improved alignment, choice and transparency where we aggressively embrace technology to expand access and choice and where we partner to create a more open framework to expand choice and impact through affordability and personalization. So, again, we have a variety of footprints, but we really prefer and are driving aggressively the vertical integration through a virtual mechanism to get that alignment, the impact, the choice and embrace technology.
David Cordani: Yes, Ralph, when we discuss the $16 number at our Investor Day, obviously we walked through a pretty methodical framing of that. So, stepping back we’re quite pleased to be able to put that forth the framing of the four growth platforms and the very attractive growth profile of each of those platforms led by strong retention, further relationship expansion and net new business adds. To your question, what’s net new? I’d ask you to think about two things, right. The underlying strength of our platform, we ended 2017 ahead of our strategic glide path period. We delivered an EPS growth rate of 29%. We’re able to step into 2018 with an outlook as Eric articulated to grow our EPS by 19% to 23% before reserve development or any additional capital deployment. So point one is the organic fundamentals ended the year stronger which gives us more leverage power stepping into 2018. Second, is the impact of tax reform and our belief in terms of the combination of both of those enable us to increase the outlook from a very attractive $16 to even more attractive $18.
David Cordani: Ralph, first relative to ASO fees, as you may recall from prior conversation we typically don't look at an employer relationship as a fee-only relationship. Our entire approach with our employer clients at all levels. So from select through middle market, through national is to look at the portfolio of services that best suit their strategy, their change agenda and have the highest opportunity for impact vis-à-vis some of the integrated offerings I made comment on -- before my prepared remarks. And then get an economic relationship with them that work in a quite transparent basis. So we’ve long since moved from micromanagement of the fee environment and candidly I would view the fee environment as a smaller part of the overall conversation. To your broader question relative to medical cost trend and the like. The positive [Indiscernible] it transcend the portfolio, right, as you recall ASO aided by further shared returns encompasses over 90% of all of our relationships. So that positive medical trend performance is indicative of the entire portfolio and the performance of the portfolio and what tends to drive it to such a powerful level is the alignment with the employer and transparency, highly innovative clinical programs and engagement incentive-based programs and then increasing leverage of the collaborative accountable care relationships that we’re able to deliver for the benefit of our clients.
David Cordani: Matt, it’s David. First nice job trying to displace Zach from the call queue; and Zach will get back to you as quickly as we can. Matt, I think just part of your question and I appreciate the way you framed it. I mean, at the end of the day we have talked for quite some time, while the industry as a whole for example may step back and we have a narrative around more stabilized or more muted medical cost trend. We as a company been very consistent, it is still unsustainable. So as I illustrated in the prepared remarks for example, a 1000 life employer experiencing illustratively our medical cost trend versus the industry average is a multimillion dollar savings and we believe we need to do even better. So, when you look at the size and impact of medical cost trend growth being an industry average of six or seven or our industry-leading trend of below 3% this year, employers will rightfully continue to push for more value from their sizable investment and increasingly they see this disinvestment as a strategic investment and we’ll manage it as a strategic investment to help them run their business more effectively. Over time we think that creates more opportunity versus less for us, because we seek to be at an integrated partner for the services standpoint providing the services that deliver the value. As you know our industry is capital-intensive, as well as relatively low margin, single-digit margin, so this is not going to get solved with extracting a couple points of margin out of the equation. The solution here is helping to keep people healthier in the first place, to avoid health risk, health consumption, lowering the health risk for the 25% of Americans that are medium and high risk will be chronic or acute in two years of those risk don’t go mitigated and getting the best possible evidence-based care compliance for those dealing with chronic condition and then optimizing care delivery for those confronting acute conditions. That's how the sustainability of the system is driven and employers flexing their muscle and becoming more vocal in terms of driving and being more demanding around that we actually view as a net positive, because we think the employer market is a positive aggregation of individuals and a way to get strategic alignment. So to recap, we should not view that an industry with stable medical cost trend at 5%, 6%, 7% is sustainable. We’re proud of the fact that we delivered half of that. We need to do better and you do better by engagement, alignment and driving health improvement and getting the best possible quality of care when care is consumed.
David Cordani: Justin, its David. Good morning. I guess couple of thoughts. First to reinforce, the $16 starting point was based on strong fundamental sustained organic growth for franchise and then effective capital deployment. Yielding is as you would recall, a very attractive result. The step up these two items, I don't want to walk away from the stronger results we deliver in 2017, put us ahead of us to glide path and give us leverage going forward. Specific to the taxes, as you know in the U.S. we’re predominately a service-based business that has higher transparency versus not, as Eric articulated earlier there’s relatively de minimis impact of the taxes on my minimum MLRs and the like, so we have more flexibility or choice with which to deploy it. For 2018 we made a very disciplined assessment of how to invest if you will those assets for sustained growth on a go forward basis looking at our customers, our clients, our community, our coworkers and our shareholders. And we’re quite confident that it’s a long way -- as we have continued innovation and effective execution we’ll be able to both deliver the value for clients and customers as well as realize a fair return for shareholders. So we see a lot of opportunities as we look for between 2018, 2019 and 2021.
David Cordani: Hey, Christine relative to Medicare Advantage in Medicare Growth, we continue to see it is an attractive opportunity to immediate long-term for us. I would ask you to think about it in a couple of ways. First relative to further accelerating organic growth, as Eric indicated, we view 2018 as a transition year. As we step into 2019 and beyond, we believe significant opportunity to open new markets and adjacent counties. We are aided by the fact that we have a deep collaborative accountable care relationships in multiple states in multiple markets that are highly attractive for us for growth. Those relationships are focused on commercial today and many of those collaborative partners are excited to open up new Medicare Advantage relationships with us. So, we see the organic new market entry opportunities for 2019 and beyond is very attractive and in addition as you'll recall, we continue to have Medicare and seniors footprint growth as one of our M&A priority. So, it's one of our five M&A priorities. So, we see both opportunities through both organic expansion as well as inorganic expansion to generate sustained growth there.
David Cordani: Yes, it's David. Our review has been and continues to be that over time, states will continue to modify their approach to populations both as defined today, but defining on a go-forward basis, additional sub-segments of the population and then seek the vendors, carriers or partners that can give them the best value relative to the populations. As you articulate today, we're not a large player in any of those spaces. But over time, we see that marketplace change as a potential future opportunity for growth and we will leverage both organic capabilities and opportunistically, inorganic activity relative to that. But we think the marketplace is going to evolve over time and this presents an additional possible long-term growth opportunity for us as the marketplace changes.
David Cordani: Yes, packed a lot in there. So, maybe quickly and simply, we see further margin expansion opportunity period relative to the line of business over time both driven by disciplined performance in the MOR range as well as expense leverage that you articulated. So, we'll opportunity to further expand the margin over time. Second, your articulation of the growth profile in terms of the immediate timeframe is right. That was deliberate in terms of our positioning of those market places, and it further validates or reinforces that where we have highly aligned value based physician relationships, the performance and the value return to customers, beneficiaries and physicians is quite strong, but we don't -- the value proposition is a bit less strong. As I mentioned in prior remarks, we're delighted with the fact that we now have multiple markets with quite mature, highly performing collaborative where we have demand from those physician groups or integrated hospital systems to aggressively enter the M&A marketplace over time. So, it's a good reinforcement and learning relative to the value having the aligned physician relationship and the proven performance, as opposed to starting that build from scratch. Lastly, relative to STARS, we were in 2018, about 60% from a four STAR+PLUS plan with all of our mature markets by one performing where we expected it today. For 2019, we are optimistic that we will get recognition to the proper positioning of our products and our capabilities. Our Net Promoter Score and [Indiscernible] outcomes continue to be quite strong and we have multiple leverage and tools to work with CMS to ensure they were properly positioned for 2018. So we are looking forward to the 2019 selling season.
David Cordani: So Michael two points, you are correct. First stepping back we are – we view partnering with others as a critical capability. In fact you might recall from a investor day dialogue being the undisputed partner of choices and have borne strategic comparative to continue to drive the right value for our customers and clients and as we go forward. That relationship we entered into the CVS down in Florida was an innovation that both parties wanted to do to try to drive improved outcomes. We don’t have any discernable deliberate differentiated outcomes to point to at this point in time, but it’s indicative of our test and learn approach, our collaboration and are willing historically multiple partners, so you could view that is indicative of both today and in the future which would be to have multiple partnership arrangements up in running today. As it relates to the PBM, as Eric articulated we delivered a pharmacy trend in 2017 potentially zero with high clinical outcomes and continue to grow that business. So our proprietary owned PBM continues to perform quite well, back to partnership we have an orientation round, willingness and ability to partner with others to increase value for the benefit of our customers and clients and I think its a spectacular example of smart, well aligned partnership capabilities and being able to deliver better value for customers and clients is indicative of high clinical quality outcomes growing the platform and zero medical cost trend. So we view partnership as mission critical on a go-forward basis and a lot of bright spots to point to over the recent past.
David Cordani: Thank you everyone. Let me just move to wrap up our call with a few headlines. First, overall we delivered very strong result in 2017 with key performance across all of our priority growth platforms. Commercial employer, U.S. Senior, Global Supplemental Benefits and Group Disability & Life led by delivery of continued industry leading medical cost trend. In addition, in 2017 Cigna grew to serve more than 95 million customer relationship worldwide. Relative to overall expectations for 2018, we will continue to create differentiated value for our customers and clients and as a result for your shareholders through consistent focus on delivering affordability and personalization as well as partnering with healthcare professionals to ensure our customers receive the highest quality healthcare. Each of our four growth platforms remains well positioned for sustained growth, in addition we have an exceptionally strong ongoing capital position. We expect to deliver revenue growht inline with our long term objective of high single digit growth rates and we have an outlook for 2018 that anticipates a 19% to 23% EPS growth rate over 2017 all of which gives us confidence to increase our long term EPS target from $16 per share to $18 per share by 2021. We thank you for joining our call today and look forward to further conversations.
Eric Palmer: A.J. its Eric. Yes, 3% growth is the number we expected for the year. I think in terms of getting back to our long-term targets which would be high single digits growth rate in terms of the revenue and associated lives in the Medicare Advantage really reflects our momentum and such no obstacle whatsoever from my perspective in terms of achieving that over the longer term. As we entered this year we had the effect of some exits of counties. We didn't open up any new counties or any new markets this year, but as we cleared to that January cycle and look ahead to the future, don’t see any reason why we couldn't get back to our and won’t get back to our long-term averages.
Eric Palmer: Josh, it’s Eric. I’ll start with the first part of your question, just be clear, yes, any impact from the minimum MRL, rebates and such are included in the $150 million. The amount is small in terms of a portion to that given the profile of our book of business and such, but that is included in the 150. I’ll ask David to comment on the other item.
Eric Palmer: Ralph, it’s Eric, one other point on what David said there and as David noted in his prepared remarks this morning, the effectiveness of the integration of the specialty model helps to drive even more effectiveness in terms of trends. So as we have highly integrated offerings in the smaller end of the market I generally see even the better results than the bottles that are little more a la carte or fragmented.
Eric Palmer: Justin, it’s Eric. As it relates to the Disability and Life, we think the guidance we’ve provided is attractive and align with our long-term strategic targets. So again we think that business is performing in line with the strategic targets that we set for it over the long-term. As it relates to membership growth we would note a couple of things that's tying up comments David made in his prepared remarks, first of all, continued really strong momentum in the select segment in the middle market segments in particular we would see a growth there and across the insured versus ASO split again, we’d expect growth across each one of the funding arrangements as we go into 2018.
Eric Palmer: Zach, it’s Eric. Nothing specific I would call out in terms of things that we’re seeing that would – I would point to you. I think its more just coming off of the low trend that we delivered in the course of the of 2017. In particular we had very favorable pharmacy trend in the course 2017. We finished 2017 with pharmacy trend that essentially zero. We wouldn’t expect that to be the rate going forward, but again, we pull those pieces together overall and nothing I would point to in terms of specifically higher utilization.
Eric Palmer: It’s Eric. Couple of parts to that question there. First of all, as it relates to the seven to 14 items, so we issued the $7 billion to $14 billion range at the time of the Anthem break just to help provide some framing. At that time the $7 billion end of the range represented capital available for deployment that we had on the balance sheet, plus the impact of the break fee, plus the additional leverage capacity that we had to return to more normal range. The upper end of that range represented what we could do if we took additional leverage and pursued a strategic M&A transaction. Now, as I noted in my prepared remarks, we expect to have your $2.8 billion or so available in 2018 plus still significant balance sheet capacity. So, again, the overall framework that we described in terms of the $7 billion to $14 billion continues to apply, will continue to be disciplined in terms of our approach on deployment and such overall. On the second part of your question, could you just repeat the specifics, I want to make sure I'm answering it appropriately.
Eric Palmer: Yes, the specific item there that we talked about in the terms of the tax associated with the foreign earnings is the repatriation portion of the recently reformed tax law. We are not anticipating significant repatriation and the tax law hasn't really changed our plans in terms of how we bring dollars back. We generally have used overseas capital to support the growth outside the United States and we continue to do so.
Eric Palmer: Christine its Eric, I'll start with the trend item and then ask David to comment on the Medicare Advantage pieces. So, the trend, the trend statistics we talk about on this call represent our U.S. commercial employer paid claim trends across all of our book of business. And, again, just as a reminder given that over 85% of our customer lives are self-funded, this statistic represents the amount that our clients are spending per customer per month year-over-year. There's no other adjustment or anything in terms of how we calculate that trend. Now, the difference between that paid trend or what you might call in a loud trend, the loud trend will help to include the effective cost borne by the individual customer in terms of deductibles and copays etcetera. Given that we tend to have high customer retention from period-to-period our clients generally have pretty stable benefits from period-to-period that we haven't seen much difference between paid or allowed trends. But if you look at that allowed basis that includes the effect of car-sharing and such for 2017, our trend actually would have been even a little bit lower yet than the paid trends that I talked about in my prepared remarks. David, if you want to tackle the Medicare Advantage question.
Eric Palmer: Yes, Steve, on the medical trend. I think a couple of points that I want to make sure land here. First of all, our trend results reflect the power of the incentive line and the power of our integrated model. And again, we're really proud of the result that we generated there. But as David said before, there is more work to be done. Not to -- to be able to predict the day or time that we hit the -- a point of deflation but there's more work to be done and we think there's quite a bit more we could tackle with the integrated model that we bring to the market.
Eric Palmer: Gary it's Eric. That plan into numbered the exact kind of tax rates by segment, but what I encourage you to think about the things in the following way. So, within the Global Health Care and Group Life and Disability business, the largest share of those businesses are here in the U.S. and that's where the bulk of our businesses, so you would expect to see the biggest impact there. And those businesses the impacted by U.S. tax reform. The Global Supplemental Benefits business has a net tax headwind year-on-year that some of our non-U.S. jurisdictions have actually increased income tax rates so just a slight increase in terms of Global Supplemental Benefits business. And then within corporate and other operations, there's a tax rate favorability, but earnings headwind reflecting that segment where operating had a loss in total. So, those would be that piece that I would point you too.
Eric Palmer: Gary, year-on-year, there's two things that point there both tax-related. First of all is the effect of the lower tax rate in 2018 and the second is the absence of some tax favorability that we had in 2017. So, some tax-related items, so it's separate from the income tax rate that we talked about earlier in the year in 2017. We don't expect those to return next year.
Eric Palmer: Ana, it's Eric. Just one other thing I would add relative to your comment about buy downs and such. I think one of the things I've noted -- and I've actually noted in the -- my response to Christine's question about paid versus allowed trend is actually, our allowed trend would have been a little bit lower that's because in 2017 versus 2016, our employers paid a little bit higher percentage of the cost than the employees. So, it's actually the opposite of cost shift in terms of 2017 versus 2016. I think what's most important, rather than just shift between how much the employer pays versus how much they employee pays is the power of getting incentives aligned with appropriate and well-designed plans to help reduce the overall cost burden of the programs and such overall. So making sure that the smart way design benefit plan helps to bring the cost down for both parties rather than just doing kind of cost shifting as the mechanism for employers to move things.
Eric Palmer: Chris, its Eric. I'll start with a couple of comments there for you. So first of all, within the Global Supplemental Benefits business, we're really pleased with the year that we delivered in that segment. That point of three macro drivers in terms of the result that we generated in the course of 2017. First of all, we've had – continue to have favorable experience relative to our initial expectations. We've had continued growth in the business, we've been -- continue to be very disciplined in terms of the expense leverage and the expense management that we've delivered there. Additionally, at the beginning of 2017, based on where the spot rates were at the time, we had anticipated the potential for some potential foreign exchange headwind, and that has actually turned into a headwind for us. So, those are all pulled together in terms of drivers of our results in 2017. Now, looking forward, the things I would point to in terms of drivers there, we do assume that there would be a bit of normalization in terms of that claim experience as we look ahead to 2018, one. Two, we, as I noted on the tax rate question from a prior caller, we do expect a little bit higher tax rate on that segment going forward. And then as it relates to foreign exchange or FX, no particular headwind or tailwind we'd call out at this point.
Eric Palmer: Sarah, its Eric. As it relates to interest rates, so our guidance and our outlook assume our macro case, which does reflect a bit of rising interest rate. But I note that the impact of interest rates has to play out over a number of years. We tend to be buy and hold investors and as a result, any changes up or down in interest rates outplay themselves out through the P&L over a pretty long period of time.
