David M. Cordani: Matthew, it's David. I'll give you a little color in terms of the overall market and place in the environment. Consistent with prior comments, we view the marketplace as competitive. You might conclude we're a little bit boring on the topic but we view it as competitive. You may recall, last year, we flagged that we saw a little bit of intensity of competition pickup, specifically for guaranteed costs or risk-based business and we flagged it was down market for the smaller employer size, several hundred employer size. In the face of that, we backed off a little bit on our own guaranteed cost membership growth expectations and replaced that with further acceleration in our growth, which we've been able to post in the ASO -- in ASOs stop-loss environment. So no meaningful change in pattern but I would suggest we've seen an uptick in intensity dating back over the course of the last year, and we've been successful using our ASO product in the face of that environment.
David M. Cordani: Well, Matthew, as you know, per Ralph's comments, 85% of our book of business today is ASO. So part of it is environmental, part of it is our targeting and segmentation but we see continued increased demand for more transparent programs and ASO is a highly transparent program. We've been effective using them over time, as you know, in national accounts, in middle market and regional accounts. But increasing, I would just say, continue to increase momentum as you go into what we call the Select Segment, 50 to 250 life employers. Very importantly, just to amplify, through the use of those programs, we've been able to see elevation in preventative care, elevation in medication compliance, elevation in chronic care program utilization, even for employers that have below average health risks. So it's a quite attractive tool and as a result, we're delivering very good medical cost trends. So increasing intensity of demand is what we've seen and we expect that pattern to continue.
David M. Cordani: And Josh, picking up on that, as Ralph noted in his prepared comments, our outlook for the commercial MLR is intact and our outlook for overall medical cost trend is intact. Specifically, as it relates to Medicare Advantage, if you put it back in the context that you raised for HealthSpring, first, you have to start with the book of business. So HealthSpring has a long history of being very disciplined in terms of its benefit design and its growth story. And if you look at the MA growth for 2012, their MA growth was in the neighborhood of 6%. I think the industry average was about 7%. HealthSpring does not essentially historically hunt for group MA business so that's a good result given that the others are hunting for group MA business. With that good discipline, they've had predictability to their overall medical costs and profitability outcome. Why is that? Well, it's the focus on the benefit design, it's the great discipline that the HealthSpring team has but it's specifically also driven by the strong partnership and alignment with physicians where you have in excess of 60% of their book of business in very sophisticated physician partnership models. As a result, a strong result through the first 6 months this year and as Ralph noted in his prepared remarks, we actually improved the medical care ratio outlook by 50 basis points. So we feel quite good about that.
David M. Cordani: Justin, it's David. Obviously, we're not providing 2013 guidance. Some business is already out, we've already put bids on the market for 2013. A small percentage of our business is bid. I think the important piece is: One, our medical costs for 2011 were better than our expectations and developed favorably; our medical costs thus far for 2012 are in line with our expectations and we've priced accordingly and we're using a similar approach to set the prices and establish the pricing for 2013. Also very important to your point, since our book of business is larger than average, right, especially since we don't have an under 50 block of business, you're looking at the specific credibility of those cases as well, so you're a little less exposed to averages when you're dealing with those cases. Our team is working on the case-specific credibility and that helps to pinpoint because now you're deeper into the market specificity off of our Go Deep strategy. Lastly, while you didn't ask about MA, I think it's important to amplify, from an MA standpoint, the medical costs are also year-to-date, in line to slightly favorable with our expectations. That's quite important because as you know, the bid process for that is well-established and well underway and the same successful HealthSpring team that has led that process for many years continues to lead that process and we feel good about jumping off a strong base in the first 5 months of the year to establish those bids as well.
David M. Cordani: That's correct. And again, let's separate the 2. In Commercial, when we established the outlook for the year, we indicated that we were expecting for and priced for a gradual increase in medical cost trends throughout the course of the year and it's beginning to manifest itself in the second quarter. Within MA, we didn't plan for or expect for that same increase and it's not manifesting itself. In fact, we've been able to improve the Medical Care Ratio outlook. And so, Justin, you ask yourself the question, why might that be? Well, in part, as you know, in Medicare, inpatient plays a very pronounced role in the overall cost category. Inpatient is intact in Commercial. It's intact in Medicare Advantage but it's a larger part of the pie. Secondly, in the very successful HealthSpring model, as I indicated before, in excess of 60% of the block of business is in highly transparent physician partnership models meaning tightly aligned incentives, very sophisticated clinical management programs that continue to deliver great value for the individual Medicare customers in partnership with physicians. All of that's come together to deliver medical cost result in Medicare that's quite attractive right now and in line with our expectations.
David M. Cordani: Ana, first, just kind of re-establishing the base for HealthSpring, number one, a consistent track record of delivery. With their focused execution, what you've seen in HealthSpring over time is that good growth but now it outpaced membership recovered life growth year after year. And I think that underscores the discipline in terms of getting the benefit design in balance with the premium and the revenue stream along with the physician partnership. As I noted earlier, just shy of 6% covered life growth with an industry average of 7%, a little lower because I'm not playing in the group MA space but continued profitable growth. We don't see a pronounced difference in the book of business. I would note that without the physician partnership model, there would be some erosion or some challenge in terms of the medical cost. However, there's a decade-plus of success with the physician partnership model and you're able to actually take some costs out of the equation to get the MLR to work. As it relates to the MLR, well, we noted a 50-basis-point improvement. We're pleased with that. If you take the current Medical Care Ratio that the portfolio is running at and you adjust it for all of the moving parts we expect to transpire as the dust settles with the Affordable Care Act, on average, the portfolio is running about where it needs to be. Of course, there'll be a little puts and takes by market and the HealthSpring team is taking that into consideration as they're positioning for 2013, and they're already thinking about the 2014 bid strategies. So overall, very strong performing block of business. No meaningful noise in the block of business thus far.
David M. Cordani: Yes. Ana, just slightly different words and framing, but directionally correct. And now when we say future model, you could assert that the HealthSpring model, all along, for the last decade-plus, has been that. So they've been playing to a subsegment of the market and playing there very successfully. And to your assertion, we believe your assertion is correct and the marketplace for that opportunity is going to expand. The slight difference I would say is it's not 15 years ago, gatekeeper model. It's more of a physician-directed model with care coordination, which looks and feels substantially different and those that have gone out and looked and felt and touched the model, it feels different. With embedded care coordinators in the physician practice, with different information in data flows, higher engagement in prevention, wellness, lifestyle management programs, for those who value that approach, it is high-quality, high-value, high-satisfaction. And to your point, we think the marketplace demand for that is going to grow and HealthSpring is phenomenally positioned for that.
David M. Cordani: Ana, you're very efficient about getting many questions in. So just a few points. As Ralph noted, we're delighted to, now second quarter this year, increasing our outlook for capital available for deployment. We increased it by $100 million in the first quarter. We increased it by another $200 million this quarter. And after -- as Ralph noted, after paying for the pending acquisitions that we have out there, $800 million or $350 million additional capital available for deployment. Our broad targets and categories haven't changed. So our objectives for M&A have been to expand our global footprint on a targeted basis, secure leading seniors capabilities and we haven't actually stated individual, we've specifically stated retail capabilities because we think the marketplace continues to evolve into a much more retail-oriented market. And we're pleased to have secured the great American capabilities that take us more towards the retail space in the U.S., and be able to add that to our leading global Health, Life and Accident portfolio. So when we take all that together, we feel quite good about what's been secured and now having much more capital flexibility for deployment in the second half of the year and we're pleased in terms of how we're positioned. Lastly, as it relates to duals, we've been very consistent on duals. That priority 1, 2 and 3 for us was to secure a leading senior set of capabilities with a clinical program that is differentiated. We're pleased to have done so with HealthSpring and we've been consistent by saying after we secure that, we believe the dual and the high-risk Medicaid market is an attractive opportunity for us in our targeted geographies and we will pursue that marketplace. Clearly, HealthSpring's successfully served some of that market today and we will pursue that market on a geography-by-geography basis. Predominantly, either through HealthSpring's organic capabilities, what they have in hand today, or partnership, that's our preferred approach currently but it's to build off of the success that the HealthSpring model has.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Kevin. It's David. Your memory is correct. As we laid out the acquisition case, we talked about the meaningful opportunity beginning to unfold in '13 and '14, but our team was immediately at the ready and starting to get to work. So what we flagged in the prepared remarks is early progress. You should not read into the early progress to suggest that any of those items are going to move – demonstrably move our revenue or earnings contribution from the outset in 2012, but we're working at it, and we're working at it aggressively. So on the commercial side, to give you an example, what we've been able to do, dating back actually to May of this year, we were able to stand up a commercial solution in Houston, a marketplace where HealthSpring is quite deep and we have a broad portfolio, we were able to stand up a solution that uses HealthSpring's very successful and deep physician management model and deliver a revised solution for a large commercial employer who wanted access to that as they saw it as an opportunity to get even further enhanced clinical quality and care coordination and as a result, improve value and costs. That's an example of success. Similar approach in Tennessee. So 2 very deep markets for HealthSpring. Two very strong markets for Cigna, where we've already seen good inbound demand from clients around the solutions. Similarly, on group MA, this is a matter of reshaping solutions within the HealthSpring portfolio and proactively bringing them to market and creating awareness for our existing client base and per the prepared remarks, early interest is positive. So we're pleased with that direction and we want to be moving on this so we're able to step into '13 and '14 with some momentum.
David M. Cordani: Kevin, it's David. Broadly, the answer is no, to date. A little more color on that, 2 large businesses there. First, the business for the globally mobile corporate and IGO clients. The globalization of the economy, that pace continues and the deployment of executives continues around the globe and our positioning is quite well-received in the marketplace. Secondly, the individual Health, Life and Accident business, key to success there is continued innovation and targeting specific solutions for specific buying segments. So you could argue it's a little harder in the case of a little bit of economic headwind. But to-date, if you look at our results, success remains in terms of retention, good customer relationship expansion and good new business adds.
David M. Cordani: Christine, I think I'm going to take it in reverse order. I'll speak to the ASO pipeline, give a little color on pricing and ask Ralph to expand on that. Specific to the ASO pipeline and you're referencing the select segment, so employers between 50 and 250 lives, we're delighted with the performance of that portfolio, simply stated. We've continued to build on the successful acquisition several years ago of Great-West. By securing that acquisition, we brought on some additional capabilities and we've targeted individual markets, driving those capabilities with further depth and the success continues. Throughout the residual part of this year, we expect to see continued momentum in the ASO Select segment and there's no indication that, that will abate as we step into 2013. Key to that is continuing to make sure we're innovative and delivering the right solutions to the right employer clients and evolving some of the clinical models but we're doing that very successfully currently. Just macro, as it relates to the pricing environment, as I noted before, a small percentage of our, if you will, risk business is out to bid for -- or the bids are out for 2013. As you very well know, the majority of our business is large or average case size. So again, the importance there is there's credibility to the individual case's medical experience. That's quite helpful in an environment that we operate in like today. So we're able to look at that benefit design, the changes in the benefit design, the underlying experience and then make case level decisions as opposed to aggregate, blended book of business decisions that you might have to do if your book was mostly under 50 or mostly under 100 life. And final comment as I hand it to Ralph is our medical cost performance in 2012 is in line with our expectations. So we're not seeing a spike that is broadly speaking outside of our expectations currently. Ralph, just explain a little bit around our approach to pricing for '13.
David M. Cordani: Carl, it's David. First, contextually, as you know, the risk portfolio is less than 10% of the overall franchise in terms of covered lives. There are puts and takes in the portfolio. And the one I would call out, we've been driving some targeted individual primary medical programs in the U.S. now over the last 2.5 years, and we've been driving targets in a subset of our Go Deep geographies, with the objective of learning and being in position well in advance of the 2014 exchange environment. And we've achieved our growth objectives over the last year and we're achieving our growth objective there. So you actually see growth in the individual block of business offsetting somewhat of atrophy in the employer block of business that's being offset with the ASO sales. That would be the trend I would give you for guaranteed cost.
David M. Cordani: Carl, it's David. So I guess the broad framing, I'm not going to speak about what others are experiencing, I'll clearly speak about what HealthSpring experiences. First and foremost, as I noted earlier, the HealthSpring team has had a long track record of being very disciplined in terms of how it establishes the benefit design in their targeted market. So we call it Go Deep, they'll call it targeted market. So very disciplined. And if you track them over time, good growth but not ebb and flow outpace growth. So that's data point one. I think when you cut to the core of your conclusion, which we agree with, in terms of the HealthSpring model actually being highly attractive to new members, largely, the reason is their physician partnership and clinical model engages an individual at a level that the industry, broadly speaking, doesn't do. And now you hear the buzz around accountable care organizations, et cetera. Well, they've been at it for over a decade. And what transpires is as a senior comes into the HealthSpring model, quite a comprehensive health assessment transpires and significant clinical coordination ensues with the individual or patient and their physician. And what HealthSpring does, HealthSpring enables that. They enable it with information, they enable that with financial incentives, and very importantly, they enable it with care coordination resources. So embedded nurses, embedded case managers, embedded health coaches. For some physician practices, actually taking real estate right next to the physician practice and having a healthy living center where the annual physicals are conducted and the health coaching sessions and the lifestyle coaching sessions take place. So Carl, when you take that picture together, you get out of the box with a well-positioned product design. And then as you get to your new customers on board, you're actively engaging them very importantly with their physicians and care coordinators, aligning the information, the financial incentives and the clinical programs, that's why the HealthSpring model has been able to deliver significant value for new customers. Part of that, it shoots back to the individual in terms of health, quality of life benefit coverage. Part of it goes back to the physician in terms of the financial incentives, only when the health status improves, and part of it has come back to HealthSpring and the shareholder. And that model is successful and we're seeking to grow it as fast as possible.
David M. Cordani: David, as it relates, to add on. As Ralph noted earlier, second part of your question was around the, I'll call it forward-looking earnings expectations. While there isn't an express number that we have relative to, for example, the disability reserve study in the second quarter, as Ralph noted previously to a question, with the consistent execution of the reserving process and our disability clinical model, what we've seen over the last couple years is positive reserve development, you noted there's a $2 billion reserve base. And we take into consideration the prior experience and we have a range built into our expectations. And what Ralph's noted is what was posted in the second quarter was in line with our expectations of what we thought would transpire in the second quarter. Hence, no change in our forward-looking outlook.
David M. Cordani: Melissa, it's David. First, what we underscored is we're pleased that we're actually able to increase our outlook in the first quarter for another $100 million of capital available for deployment, and then take it up another $200 million above that this quarter. So that's a very positive message. Broadly speaking, your recollection is correct, our inorganic priorities have been expand our global footprint, secure leading seniors capabilities here in the U.S., and then expand our retail capabilities. And those broad objectives remain and we'll be opportunistic with in-kind scale tuck-in acquisitions or leverage acquisitions. Broadly speaking, we feel great about having been successful over the last 2 years, securing what we wanted to augment the strategy. And we're well-positioned. Now we have the opportunity to be opportunistic, to the extent opportunities present themselves to either do further bolt-on our tuck-ins to our leading seniors capabilities, some further geographic expansion outside the U.S., but our geographic priorities remain intact there. So we feel quite good about what's in hand in front of us from an M&A standpoint.
David M. Cordani: Sure. First, broadly speaking, we noted that the HealthSpring, I'll call it integration, although it's a very light integration, is progressing quite well and we feel quite good about it. Specific to pharmacy, the pharmacy opportunity was a meaningful opportunity as we were able to secure the HealthSpring acquisition. First, to put the PBM in context, we've been quite consistent that our PPM is an important part of our clinical and service strategy. Secondly, a couple years ago, when there was a lot of activity in this space, we did a very comprehensive look at our PBM, and we concluded that our PBM was well-run, highly profitable and we had expectations that it would continue to grow. And the good news is we actually have grown it organically. Now to your point with having secured the HealthSpring acquisition, the scale of that asset is poised to grow if we so choose meaningfully. And therefore, that can create a lot of shareholder value. As such, we're stepping back, making sure we understand all the alternatives that are in front of us but the exciting part of that is any alternative is a meaningful step in shareholder value, as well as continuing the good value we're delivering to our customers. So we're excited about the opportunities there in front of us.
David M. Cordani: Scott, we have a very small position in Texas and specifically in the county that you reference. Order of magnitude, think about less than 1% of the corporation's revenue and a de minimis part of the overall covered lives. Having said that, within that context, we're seeing some of the same pressure that the marketplace is seeing, that's fully contemplated in our earnings outlook and guidance, et cetera. There's a lot of interaction that's taking place with obviously the physicians but also the state, as the state understands the performance. And there's good directional progress with the states to rectify some of the issues as we go into the second half of this year.
David M. Cordani: Yes, we expect to and it's an attractive one in the context of the undergoing medical cost to rectify the situation toward the latter part of the year. Think about the end of the third quarter beginning of the fourth quarter. So good continuity in terms of how the state is dealing with the various vendors down there and the -- everybody is aligned in terms of trying to get this program back lined up. Just important to underscore for you, Scott, it is a very small portion of the overall portfolio for us, number one. And it's secondly, the economics around that are fully contemplated currently in our guidance.
David M. Cordani: Scott, first, Tennessee and Houston were markets we called out actually for the commercial solution, so standing up a new commercial solution that takes the advantage of the very successful HealthSpring physician model. Those markets, plus a few others come into play as it relates to MA. I think it's early for that conversation for us. We don't see it as a silver bullet by any stretch of the imagination. Rather, we see it as another tool we're able to bring in for our team to offer our clients as they're working through, how do they deal with the significant challenges of their long-term retiree medical costs. And in those targeted markets where the HealthSpring portfolio delivers great value, we think we'll see good success going forward. Early interest is high but until there's meaningful runs on the board, we're not going to get overly excited, which is why when we did the business case and framed it for you, we said, think about this in the some contribution in '13 but really a '14 opportunity. And we expected actually to see some traction beginning to unfold on the commercial side in '13, a little earlier than that.
David M. Cordani: Chris, I'll start with it. First and foremost, 2 different relationships. So one, you have about $100 million on the joint venture in Turkey with Finansbank. We have been very successful in our Health, Life and Accident business outside the U.S., heretofore, driving significant attractive growth with high margins, high returns supported by strong retention. We're quite excited about that opportunity. We launched our business in Turkey organically in 2011, so we have the organization on the ground. We have early traction relative to sales and this is really going to supercharge that and accelerate our growth curve meaningfully. Organically, it typically takes 4 to 5 years to break even in a marketplace. This will dramatically reduce that time and put us on a pretty attractive trajectory starting next year. So we feel good about that investment. The U.S. investment, in terms of the supplemental business, that is an expansion on strategy of our retail capabilities, our direct to individual capabilities and it really is going to build on our successful global direct to individual Health, Life and Accident portfolio, where we have been successful. Broadly speaking, both of these opportunities are profitable as we approach day 1. They will be accretive as we go forward. Clearly, the assumptions around what your base case is, we compare it to other alternative deployments of capital, in terms of share -- including share repurchase and the like. But these are on strategy and financially attractive opportunities for us.
David M. Cordani: Thank you, all. In closing, I just want to highlight and reinforce a few key points from our discussion today. Our second quarter and year-to-date performance reflects strong revenue and earnings contributions from each of our ongoing businesses, reinforcing how our key differentiators resonate in our targeted markets. We accelerated our investments in high-growth customer segments and emerging markets with our announcement to acquire Great American Supplemental Benefits and a new joint venture in Turkey, helping us plant additional seeds for future growth. Our HealthSpring acquisition is performing well and we are on track. And the momentum we have created through the first half of 2012 provides us confidence to achieve our increased full year outlook for earnings and capital available for deployment. We thank you for joining us on our call, and your interest in Cigna, and we look forward to continuing our discussion in the future.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Josh, on the commercial side, first, as we look at the MCRs and the progression here, I'd say we're performing in line with our expectations. We did come into the year with an expectation that medical costs would begin to move up. Some of the year-on-year changes that you're looking at does get mixed in with different levels of prior-year development with it between the 2 quarters but when you kind of cut through that, on an operational basis, the MCRs are really moving in line with how we plan the year and importantly, how we price the business at this point. So on Commercial, we feel good about where we are. I mentioned in my remarks that we've begun to see some increase in cost, particularly on outpatient services and the mix of services within outpatient and increased utilization on professional services. Again, all in line with our expectations as we plan through the year but I think those are some of the things that you're seeing when you look at the progression, either from year-on-year or sequentially from last quarter.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Yes, Josh, it's Ralph. I think your latter observation is more directionally how to think about it. With the reserve level on that business of little over $2 billion, these are what I would call minor adjustments that we look at annually in this quarter. And it reflects 2 things: Our prudent practice in reserving; and our good execution in the marketplace. So the combination of those 2 things on a consistent basis and I think history has shown that, that it sort of results in some minor adjustments to the reserves. And the level this year was pretty comparable to what we saw last year.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Not specifically to a number but essentially, as we go into the year and plan, we look at our execution and our reserve practices from being prudent is consistent. So with consistent execution, we do go into the year expecting, I'll call it in a range similar not materially different than what we've seen in the past.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Okay. Justin, it's Ralph. As it relates to the trend itself, we would expect, as we move through the year, to see a continued increase. I think, when we set the guidance at the beginning of the year, we sort of shaped it to be a gradual increase in the cost trend throughout the year. So we're progressing in the first half at the lower end and we'd expect to be in the middle of the range on average for the year. So think of it in that 6% to 7% range. Regarding the pieces themselves, as I mentioned in my remarks and some of the comments, we did see the mix of services within outpatient increased. So it's not necessarily utilization-based but it's more the mix of services within outpatient. And we did see a step up in some utilization on the professional services side while inpatient was largely flattish in utilization.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Yes. Essentially, it came really in line with our expectations and there's probably some just shifting from inpatient to outpatient which moved some of that mix up. But largely, it moved as we expected.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Yes. I would just look at it as more in the middle of the range as we progress through the year. I don't think you should think of it as a steep curve here, but more of a gradual curve. And if you -- at or around the middle of the range for the balance of the year is where we'll be.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Sure. Thanks, David. I think, first, just to reinforce the point, we have the benefit with the mix of our business skewed to the larger sized cases that we can take a look at those on a very case-specific basis. So calling the macro trend is important and as we set up our strategy for pricing, but most importantly is we've got good visibility to the clients and customers that we service. So that helps us a lot. As it relates to the trend itself, we would plan -- I'd say, still a lot more to learn and discern as it relates to what the trend might look like going into next year specifically. Because if you think about it, we're really only starting now to see some change in the trend, which we did plan for but we're only really starting to see some of that now. So we're going to be looking at that very, very closely. I would say though that our posture will be more, I'll call it conservative in the context of we want to be sure that we're pricing our business in line with medical care ratios that are essentially flattish to where we are. And so that will be our posture going in. We want to make sure that our margins are thoroughly protected. And frankly, where we could deliver a lot of value for our customers is on the -- not only just the base services but a lot of the other value-added things that we do in the specialty area as well.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Yes, David, it's Ralph. Just regarding the timing, we didn't really move anything. I think the reserve study on disability, we perform in Q2, and that's been what we've done in the past and we do a more in-depth life study in Q3 and we'd expect to have that. So that's how we enter the year with our expectations of the work and we'll remain on track to complete the life study in Q3.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: David, maybe specific -- I'll talk a little bit more specifically on the technology investments. But kind of step back to our overall operating expense ratio, we continue to be on track with the guidance that we have provided there on OpEx expenses for the year. And as we noted, on the technology side in particular, we were making some investments in the first half of the year. And in fact, I even noted in my remarks, we even took a charge related to a vendor contract in the quarter that was also related to some investments we're making in technology that will have benefits in the back half of the year and we are on track in the back half of the year there. So if you think about where we are then first half, second half, you'd expect to see the operating expense improvements from some of these efficiencies from the first half. And then also, we will make some investments in the back half of the year, particularly as it relates to getting ready for 2013 readiness. But overall, we are on track on our op expense ratio and the technology investments that we set out are also performing as we -- or on track to perform as we expect.
