Thomas A. McCarthy: Scott, it's Tom. So first, we're very happy with the position of our Government business. Our outlook for the Government MCR in 2015 reflects strong results in our Medicare Advantage business and some expected pressure in Part D, as you mentioned. The quarter-over-quarter increase, specifically in the Government MCR, is mainly due to Part D with continuing good Medicare Advantage results. As you pointed out, we reported significant growth in Part D customers in 2015. And as a result, we've had a more pronounced seasonal impact from Part D this quarter. These new customers have a period of time to transition from their previous formulary to our formulary. So as we expected, we saw some additional first quarter cost impacts. And all-in, we continue to expect our government MCR to be in the range of 84.5% to 85.5% for the full year, which we're happy with. As far as the outlook or the utilization outlook, we really didn't see any significant change in MA utilization in the quarter.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Yes, Scott, well, we're really pleased with our medical trend results. And as we mentioned many times, we delivered a cost trend below 4.5% in 2014, building on a very strong track record we've had for several years, with industry-leading results. Our outlook for 2015, medical cost trends, 5% to 6%, does anticipate some uptick in utilization over the course of the year and some expected increase in pharmacy trends due to specialty drug costs. And commenting on the first quarter, we haven't seen the uptick in utilization, but we are seeing some expected pharmacy trend impact. So overall, we're comfortable, we're going to again deliver a competitively attractive medical cost trend in 2015.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Well, both. The loss ratio and PDP was higher, and again, we have a more significant mix of new customers, which is accountable for the loss ratio impact. Most of the impact is from the larger customer base and the transition period for the new customers. And we do expect to see the normal seasonal pattern with improved results over the balance of the year. We also get some lift from our agreement with Gilead. It was effective April 1 in Part D, and we have anticipated some modest cost pressure, as we've mentioned, including last quarter continuing for Part D in our outlook for the full year, but that was as expected and then it's reflected in our outlook.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Well, first, a little bit on the performance in the business, and we're still in the very early stages. Results in the quarter did see some improvement both from the repositioning of our medical mix and the improved customer demographics, and we are seeing some targeted medical management actions that have lowered lost cost. So over the long term, we're still optimistic that we will see improved results and this will become an effective market segment. As far as the 3Rs are concerned, our accrual for the 3Rs in the first quarter was about $30 million after-tax. The majority of that relates to reinsurance, and we're continuing to accrue in line with the program parameters, and we didn't really make any material change in accruals for the 3Rs related to 2014 business, and we don't really see any significant adjustment to that until we get the final results from the government mid-year.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Relative to the Medicaid space, we've been very consistent that we see opportunity in the higher risk or coordinated care dimensions of the Medicaid space, so we can call that the dual space and the various other high-risk portfolios. We have targeted examples of success to date, most notably in counties within Texas where we just -- we're recognized for an award of coordination of care with our behavioral and clinical capabilities. So we do see [indiscernible], we do see opportunities. It's highly geographically targeted in our Go Deep markets, and it's within those programs that enable significant coordination of care both engaging the individual and working with the clinical professionals. So we see targeted expansion opportunity over the next several years here.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Ralph, it's David, at a macro level, the majority of our growth was not auto assigned, so the step function to highly targeted geographically, and the significant amount of work was done within the benefit-design configuration to target subsegment of buyers in key geographies. So as Tom noted, meaningful growth, but we expected it. We factored that into our guidance. We talked about it last quarter to acknowledge that there would be -- we recognize there's a transition of care window that largely spans the entire first quarter that transpired, but largely not assigned targeted geographies, targeting by segment and design products with that in mind.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Christine, it's Tom. So overall, the headline in the commercial segment is the commercial MCR is very consistent with our expectations for the quarter. Again, the headline messages the employer group business continues to perform very well, individual business continues to improve. Quarter-over-quarter, in particular, the MCR is about flat. That reflects the improvement in individual with some offset by business mix impacts. But again, within those businesses the MCR is performing as we'd have expected by product line. Then I would point out, we would expect some increase or some improvement from the increased health insurance fee, but I would point out that our mix has that impact smaller than most others.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Ana, it's Tom, margins and stop-loss are just where we'd like them to be. So the result -- the performance in the book is good.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Peter, it's Tom. I think that a little differently. This is the prescribed 90-day period for new members to stay on their old formulary, while they transition to our new formulary. So we would expect that to work itself through during the first quarter.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Chris, it's Tom. We're really pleased that we've been able to increase our outlook this early in the year. Again, we expect to deliver attractive growth and revenue earnings and EPS across the company and in Global Health Care in 2015, just as we have in each of the last 5 years. So really I'd see our revised outlook as just reinforcing our confidence that we're on track to deliver those results.
David M. Cordani: Matthew, it's David. As it relates to -- you used the term middle-market, so we'll talk about the regional segment. We define that as employers with 250 to 5,000 employees as well as large single-state employers. The broad theme, I would tell you, is that the market's appetite and interest in transparent funding and aligned funding, which include ASO, continues to grow. It continues to grow both in the regional segment. That has always been a meaningful portion but not the totality of it, but very importantly, as you move downmarket into the Select Segment as well. So point one is continued high and accelerating interest in transparent funding because it aligns incentives, it provides transparency and enables better functionality of the incentive alignment programs and the engagement programs we like. The second theme we see is continued elevation and engagement in we typically call them carve-in or specialty programs. We look at them more as a coordination of care programs. Many of the examples I cited in our prepared remarks. So those will be the 2 predominant trends we continue to see: elevation in transparent funding and then continued movement in what you might call carve-in, we call them coordination of care programs that are delivering the superior medical costs and quality outcomes that Tom made reference to a few moments ago.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Matthew. Just by way of backdrop, important to note that we continue to own and operate a very highly performing PBM for the benefit of our customers and clients, and that high performance is being demonstrated through continued growth in customer lives, strong medical trend in clinical quality performance. As you know, we further strengthened those capabilities about 2 years ago, with our expanded relationship with Catamaran seeking several features to strengthen, and we're seeing the benefit of those. As we've talked about that in the past, while we continue to own and operate our PBM, we maintain significant optionality and flexibility in that structure. And then, while we don't typically comment on details of transactions, we view that the PBM marketplace is and will continue to be very dynamic. As such, we ensure that there is adequate deal protections for us that gives us meaningful flexibility going forward.
David M. Cordani: So, Josh, just to answer your last question, the MLR and MA adjusting for reserve development is flattish quarter-over-quarter. And in fact, the impact we're seeing in the Government MCR this quarter is largely due to PDP. And again, we're not going to get into the specifics of the loss ratio, but the PDP MCR is always highest in the first quarter, as you know, because of the benefit design and transition period for new customers. And this quarter, in particular, for us, given we have a significant new customer growth, the seasonality was higher than normal.
David M. Cordani: A.J., good morning, it's David. So as we look to 2016, first, we expect to have a base that'll have approximately 60% of our customers in for STAR+PLUS plans, noting a step-up from the prior year. And we expect to think forward beyond '16 to continue to step that up. As it relates to the rate setting environment, the net effects for our mix of our portfolio is that the vast majority of our plans are going to have about a flattish rate impact from all the moving parts from CMS. With the exception of 2 of our plans that will have a meaningful reduction based on the risk adjustors and the accounting rebates, et cetera. The net result for our portfolio of that is, again, the vast majority of our business markets flattish, 2 with meaningful reductions weighted on an all-in base. It's about a 2% reduction. As we looked at taking it as a whole, considering our very well-positioned portfolio of coverage services and collaboratives, we feel like our businesses are in good position stepping into 2016, as such, we continue to expect to both grow customer base, again, stepping into 2016, as well as being able to expand margins stepping into 2016.
David M. Cordani: Sure, A.J. When -- and you used the term alliance, which I appreciate. We have a multiple examples of alliances with, in some cases, traditional competitors, not-for-profit competitors, for profit competitors and the like. This most recent relationship with SCAN aligns our very high-performing employer portfolio of businesses in California with their well-performing Medicare capabilities and enables us to deliver an employer-sponsored Medicare Advantage solution to employers that are on target for them, but we had distribution reach and lever their capabilities. So it's a wonderful example of playing to both organizations strength, enabling us to deliver an expanded set of solutions and capabilities on a more accelerated time frames than we would've been able to do organically and be able to deliver value for our existing clients and expand SCAN's relationship net win for both organizations.
David M. Cordani: Net-net, as we've discussed before, Kevin, we look at '14, '15 and '16 as the version 1.0 of the marketplace. We built that business plans not around achieving the revenue or EPS significant contributions out of this book of business. As you know, we expect it to improve the performance of the block of business going from '14 to '15 that is taking place. So on a fully-allocated basis, there's a loss in the business, but is less than 2014, but we'd expect that to improve further as we step into 2016.
David M. Cordani: Sure, relative to the private exchange marketplace, we continue to view this as a potentially attractive long-term market as it unfolds. As such, we've allocated leadership, significant resources to the portfolio of businesses here. We are currently positioned in the vast majority of third-party exchanges that exist in the marketplace up to and including, also having our own captive exchange. To date, the performance is generally speaking in line with our expectations, which we thought was a slower market transition than maybe some had flagged in the grand scheme of things. To date, we've seen some wins and losses in terms of our portfolios we've discussed before. As we stand here today, we have several hundred thousand lives when you span across our core medical and specialty capabilities as well as additional lives in the supplemental space. But it's in the early innings. We're positioned and we're evolving within the marketplace. And as you know, as our existing customers choose to transition, we have a brand positioning and a service proposition that tends to win us a lot of business in the choice marketplace. So performance in line with our expectations thus far.
David M. Cordani: It's varied, obviously, depending on the configuration, but you should assume that the way we are seeking to position ourselves on the exchanges is to ensure that our offerings enable us to have enough of the, we'll call it, coordination and specialty reach that I made reference to in my prepared remarks to be able to deliver differentiated value and not move back to I call it TPA administrator. So the simple answer is, it depends, because all the exchanges are not created equal. Our strong operating bias is the integration and coordination because that's where we deliver our step function value.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Andy, it's David. First just let me redefine our national health, as we defined it a bit differently than our competition. For us, it's commercial employers with 5,000 and more employees that span multiple states. So we exclude the large single-state commercial employers that's part of our regional segment. You have a good recollection. Year-over-year as we look back to last year, our pipeline was about equal to the prior year, but our -- portion of our book of business that was out to bid was elevated due to procurement cycles. As we look at the current cycle, looking forward to 2016 relative to the pipeline of new opportunities, number of cases is about the same. Average case size is somewhat elevated. So on a life-basis, but more lives to look out but then a similar number of cases. As it relates to the percentage of our book of business out to bid, the percent is back down because that procurement cycle that's moving through. So early in the overall sales cycle, a healthy pipeline of opportunities to look at, a reasonable percentage of our book of business is out to bid. We continue to be focused on retaining the right business and earning the right business that has engagement and incentive alignment, expanding our specialty capabilities as indicative of our continued ability to grow revenue and earnings in the space by delivering value to those clients that are on target for us.
David M. Cordani: So it's David. Let me just frame it a little bit relative to the individual. First, as Tom noted in the employer book, the employer book last year, this year continues to perform well and in line with our expectations. Within the individual book of business, as you very well know relative to us, it's small in the grand scheme of things in terms of covered lives. As it relates to the grandfathered and some of the transitional block, one of the states where we had a large grandfather block of businesses, a state where we don't operate on the exchange, specifically California. So we saw attrition relative to the grandfathered block stepping into 2015, which was in line with our expectations. We still maintain a mix of on-exchange and off-exchange business and that, taken as a whole, the loss ratio of our business, and therefore, the underlying performance of the individual business steps forward and improved in line with our expectations going from '14 to '15.
David M. Cordani: Within our group block of business, as you know, we don't play in the small group employer. So you need to take the under-50 block and remove that from the way you think about us. Relative to the over-50 block of business, our performance was strong and remained strong in that portfolio of business.
David M. Cordani: Peter, David. Let me give you a little color on M&A. You factored in many statements and questions there. So first, broadly relative to M&A. M&A continues to be a component of our value creation framework. So it's effective deployment of capital, strategic M&A is a component within there. Our priorities have been consistent in terms of where we see the ability to create step-function value, specifically smartly furthering our global footprint; two, expanding our MA and dual capabilities; three, expanding our retail capabilities; and four local tuck-ins. And we've had a successful track record of accomplishing targeted acquisitions over the last 5-plus years in line with our strategy. As it relates to your scale comment, we've chosen to redefine our orientation around scale to ensure that we have appropriate scale to have competitive cost structure from an administrative cost standpoint, which we have. We've been able to prove productivity gains year-in year-out and free capacity to further ongoing investment back to within the franchise. And then you come down to medical cost to your dialogues, and that's a very localized conversation and it's not a localized conversation at the state level. It's an MSA level, and increasingly, within our marketplaces, it's coming down to a sub-MSA level. So we're highly focused on key geographies and our ability to win and deliver value for our clients and customers. As related to appetite for future M&A, I mean, opportunities where we're very aware, engaged and highly focused. So as long as the transactions are on strategy relative to the items I talked about before. On a final note, I'm not going to speculate on how you would rehabilitate an underperforming book of business, but our organization has demonstrated the ability to deliver high performance within our targeted segments, and again, we see M&A as a forward-looking opportunity to create smart transactions and good shareholder value.
David M. Cordani: Dave, it's David. So directionally first off, we knew the first quarter was going to have an elevated level of expenses. As such, on the last quarter when we talked about the first quarter pattern, we flagged that and it was called out, as mentioned, in the further questions as we looked at many of our strategic spend initiatives. Two, as you made reference to our outlook is to see that our operating expense ratio will show a year-over-year improvement as we have been able to demonstrate for many years as we look back and our organization is tightly aligned relative to that. So the performance of that will transpire a little differently into 2015 quarters as opposed to the prior quarters. But Q1 was known as an uptick. Our outlook is to see an improved expense ratio and organization is on track to achieve that.
David M. Cordani: Yes, Dave, I wouldn't expect the strategic spending to decline over the balance of the year. I think what I'd expect to see is both a little different pattern of revenue and earnings to get to the result we've talked about.
David M. Cordani: It's David. First, the dialogue with employers has been active around private exchanges, as it has been around consumer-directed engagement programs, et cetera. I think the broader picture here is that, employers of all sizes are looking for the higher value creation benefit strategies that are going to be sustainable for them. That's the broader dialogue. And private exchanges represent a tool that many employers are trying to explore to determine whether or not it is part of the overall portfolio. What we've seen, and what the market has seen is a relatively modest adoption rate of that toolset, but it's early on, as we've indicated, in the private exchange cycle. Two, what we've seen is a continued elevated performance of self-funded consumer-directed aligned incentive and coordinated integrated offerings. As it relates to our own experience within the private exchanges, to the second part of your question, the vast majority of those employers are in the self-funded space given the profile of what we operate in, but we have guaranteed cost lives there as well. We have integrated and nonintegrated lives, but again it's small in the grand scheme of things in terms of what we're seeing. And a portion of the lives we're seeing there are new to Cigna. Greater than 50% of those are transitioning from existing Cigna relationships carried over to the exchanges. But the important part is that it's still a small part of both the marketplace as well as our portfolio. Two, we've deployed significant resources to make sure we're in position on the various exchanges, including our own captive and proprietary exchange. And three, we seek to be very consultative with our employers to make sure they understand all the choices that are available to them.
David M. Cordani: Well, Sarah, I think we could point to both the track record of actions as well as the emerging actions. So the more tangible track record of actions is that, employers of a variety of sizes continue to move toward the transparent funding, which includes ASO. That's a consistent track. Two, elevation of aligned incentive programs, whether they're consumer-directed, full-on CDHP programs or if they're coinsurance programs, coinsurance programs with aligned incentive models, those would be the 2 most tangible pieces I think you could point to. And then over the last couple of years, an emerging trend too, as I referenced before, carving in or even more adoption of integrated care programs that are coordinated to delivering the value back. But private exchange, if you will, trend again is still in the early stages and I wouldn't flag it as one where we would see the majority of buying behavior over the next 2 buying cycles. But as we're positioned, we're positioned for an elevation and volume should unfold.
David M. Cordani: Thank you. Just to conclude our discussion this morning, I'd like to reiterate just a few important points. First, Cigna's first quarter results represent a strong start to the year and were driven by revenue and earnings contributions across our diversified portfolio of businesses. Our integrated capabilities are optimizing health, improving medical outcomes and increasing affordability for the individuals we serve. Our more than 37,000 talented colleagues around the world are unified in their commitment to work every day to improve the health, well-being and sense of security of the customers we serve. Our strong first quarter performance and multiple avenues for growth give us confidence that we will achieve our increased full year 2015 outlook. Over the long term, we remain committed to achieving our annual EPS growth of 10% to 13% over the long term and expect to double size of our company's revenue over the next 7 to 8 years. Thank you for joining our call today, and we look forward to furthering our discussions.
