Eric Palmer: Justin it's Eric, thanks for the question on that. So just to step back, so for the group disability and life transaction, as we noted, in December, we entered into that agreement, we expect $5.3 billion of after tax proceeds, and we're on track for that to close in the third quarter. Since the $5.3 billion first will be incremental to operating cash flow for the year. We've got flexibility in terms of the timing of how we deploy things and how we deploy capital for the year. Our primary focus is on achieving our debt to capitalization ratio of below 40% by the end of the year and we've got flexibility beyond that and throughout the year to begin to what to do share repurchase and such. We haven't provided any specific guidance in terms of the exact timing of the share repurchase, but we do have flexibility to get started on that even as advanced with the close.
Eric Palmer: That's our expectation, and that's the guidance that we provided back when we announced the transaction.
Eric Palmer: Kevin its Eric, really two small things to think about there, the incremental drag of a few cents that you noted and we have the benefit of a few cents’ pickup because of the lower share count as we completed repurchase from the time period. Those are the two differences.
Eric Palmer: Kevin its Eric, I'll start on that. First of all, those targets are very consistent with the results we've driven in the commercial markets for a number of years now. And I think the growth in that – the brinks that we target in that business is being driven by really three things. The first category would be around continued customer growth as we continue to grow in the select middle market segments. We've got a lot of opportunity to continue to grow in those segments. The next one, I'd say would be on deepening our existing client’s relationships. So as we work to identify new solutions and deepen our existing solutions in terms of new product sales and again other programs and services. And then the third category I think about would be around, working to innovate and to deliver new solutions more broadly. But again, that's the recipe that we've used for a number of years now. And we see a lot of opportunity to continue on that track in the commercial market.
Eric Palmer: Eric. On the item related to the Leap Year and the February having an extra day this year that doesn't move the pattern around a little bit in the Integrated Medical segment, all else equal, that runs the loss ratio up a little bit for the first quarter, it'll normalize out over the course of the year, of course, fully factored into our guidance and such, but that does put a modest amount of pressure on the first quarter that will recover over the balance of the year. Nothing that I would call out is particularly significant. As it relates to the range more broadly, there aren't any big items I'd call out other than just the rate and pace of our spending and our investments in terms of future growth. As you know, we have continued to invest in building the capabilities in the like and spend every year as we get ready for new clients to come on board and things along those lines, so it would be those types of items that I think about more than anything else at this point.
Eric Palmer: Ralph its Eric, so on the interest expense, really nothing in particular I'd call out other than it may be looking out to the decimal point a little bit further and the timing throughout the year. Obviously, to the extent we were to extinguish that earlier, the interest expense will go down, but again, our current expectation would be for 1.6 billion as I noted in my prepared remarks. In terms of the timing on the capital deployment, the mechanics are consistent with what I outlined to Justin's question. And we do have flexibility in terms of the timing of which we would deploy or our expectation is that we would fully offset the absence of the group transition by reducing the share count through share repurchase. And we'll approach that as we go through the course of the coming months and quarters yeah.
Eric Palmer: Hey, Gary its Eric. On the first part of your question, the short answer is yes. I think of that as not having a specific impact in terms of the quantification given there's not a way to specifically build that into how you bid for MA. On the second portion of your question, absolutely the answer is yes. The dynamics you outlined are really the biggest pieces here. When you adjust for the Prime volumes, I mean, you adjust for the Cigna transition volumes. I think of the core aside from those items is being consistent.
Eric Palmer: Josh its Eric. I appreciate the way you frame that up. Obviously, we're very excited about the capital generation that we've got, the cash flow from operations visibility that we've got for 2020 and into 2021 and that gives us a lot of flexibility. And we've got a really good track record of not to use your word sitting on cash, we will deploy the capital in a way that's effective and aligned with our shareholders interest and such versus just accumulating to be clear, but again, the overall history we've got from a – track record we've got from a effectiveness of capital deployment and managing our capital coupled up with the visibility and flexibility that we've got coming with the capital available for us is an exciting combination. David, I don't know what else to add that on that.
Eric Palmer: Yes. Lance its Eric. On the Health Services fourth quarter probably two items to have you think about on that front, one, as we noted throughout both David and my prepared remarks continue to spend to invest in terms of building a new and additional capabilities and such. Additionally, we're spending on facilitating and effectuating the transitions associated with the full reinforcing of the Cigna volumes in the life. The other item, I would just note that we've provided some commentary throughout the year last year around the effect of the transition in client going away since as the volumes that are transitioning clients wound down that added costs back into the core, if you will. And we're well on track to extinguish that as we work through 2020.
Eric Palmer: Hey Scott its Eric. Overall, nothing that I would call out as particularly notable, we finished the year with the trends of above 4%, which is right in the middle of our expectations. So there's nothing that I would call out as a particular change in trajectory in either the commercial or in the government business.
Eric Palmer: Yeah, Steve on the trend, we've had pharmacy trend in that low to mid-single digits range for some time now, I mean, that would be the expectation we'd have going into 2020 as well. Just to remind you Express Scripts delivered in 2018 a 0.4% commercial trend. We're publishing our Express Scripts client or trends report later this month, and expect another really attractive result there. But to begin, nothing else I would call out.
David Cordani: Justin, good morning, it's David. First and foremost, let me just re-underscore how pleased we are to have entered that relationship. The validation of our deep commitment to servicing health plans, partnering with health plans and growing those relationships. Two, your ability to retain any relationship be a commercial health one otherwise is based on a couple of basic tenets. A, are we able to drive partnership and alignment; B, deliver differentiated value; C, innovate together? We're committed to doing so. And actually we view the opposite of the maybe risk that you identified. This further broadens our reach and our opportunity to serve more lives, both individual customers and patients and a broader portfolio of health plans as we go forward. So we're delighted by securing this and we look forward to beginning to serve that relationship in the second quarter of this year.
David Cordani: Kevin its David, when you think about national accounts, put it back in context, we defined that segment to remind you much more narrow than maybe the market in total. So for Integrated Medical, its commercial employers, 5000 or more employees that are multi-state. Based on that definition and our strategy we view that marketplace as a flat to somewhat shrinking marketplace based on our strategy within Integrated Medical. Now, Eric's point two and point three reinforce how we continue to actually grow and deepen relationships with national accounts. Even today, we're able to successfully do that. And then lastly, we're quite excited about is adding to that more broadly off of our Health Services platform, the ability to offer broader coordinated services. So we could see deepening of relationships and broadening of relationships with the national accounts, even with the medical membership performance that you're making reference to. And over time, we see the ability to even further accelerate that by leveraging our Health Services portfolio. So that will be a net contributor as well.
David Cordani: Good morning, it's David. First and foremost, we're really pleased with the start to 2020. As we indicated in 2019, we expect to grow this platform 10% to 15% and we're on track to do 13 to 16. Just back to remind me of some of the context we're well positioned today in 2021. Our Stars rating picks up yet further to 87% of our lives enforced are greater plans. And our net promoter score is tracking yet tad over 70 across our broad portfolio. So our ability to grow both in markets on platforms, net new geographies being adjacent counties and new markets are opening and broadening our PPO platform will feel this and drive it on a go forward basis. Clearly the rate and pace of that growth may put a little margin pressure and draw us toward the low end of our margin range or at times, maybe a tad below that. We'll balance that in our portfolios. We continue to invest as we are today. But we like the growth outlook, we like to aggregate margin profile and we like to sustainability. The last sub note maybe have there in terms of the coding and otherwise, our value based provider relationships and our high engagement programs are well positioned to coordinate the care of the services et cetera as reinforced by the stars rating and as reinforced by our overall performance. So we feel good about the outlook for this year and the trajectory going forward.
David Cordani: Steve thanks, it's David. So stepping back, as I noted in my prepared remarks. First, at a philosophical level, we view that the notion of partnering and beyond partnering, striving to be the undisputed partner choice is a competitive advantage and something we want to build on. Why? It accelerates pace of innovation, it accelerates value creation, whether it be around affordability, predictability, simplicity, it could broaden speed and absolute reach within the marketplace. Oscar is a wonderful example of that. And if you take it up to the macro level, you'll recall that Cigna has historically not participated in the smallest end of the employer marketplace, be it under 50 or under 100, depending on where the regulatory lines are drawn from that standpoint. Two, we believe that's an underserved marketplace with less choice and less leverage of some of the most innovative solutions, not at the core of your question. When you're open minded to partnering, you could have both focused and acceleration in this case by leveraging Oscar's phenomenal technological infrastructure, digital first infrastructure and information flow infrastructure, which is similar to our philosophy, but we just apply it up market and select the middle and national. And this is a case where we're philosophically aligned, but the durable infrastructure is there to serve the unique needs of the small employers and then we're able to port over our value based network configurations, our high performing engagement, clinical behavioral pharmacy capabilities to make one plus one equal a lot more than two. So we're excited about that. And as I noted in my prepared remarks, we're staged to open up four markets to the latter part of this year, and then fuel some growth.
David Cordani: Sarah, good morning, it's David. So first and foremost, I wouldn't view it as a shift. We didn't go from something and away from something to something. So the individual HMO continues to be a bedrock of the platform and in fact is the major driver of our growth in 2020 as an example of that. We start to add the individual PPO platform to a portfolio invested to do so, stood it up and have the arrangements with the database provider community to be able to offer that. So it's expanding choice and building on a successful platform and track record. And as we both enter new markets and expanding counties, we will make our decisions in terms of individual HMO, individual PPO or both on a go forward basis. We just see it as an end, I mean, natural extension of our portfolio. Additionally, to your important point, we view that the employer marketplace is also a very attractive addressable market. And as you know, our national accounts are broad while performing commercial portfolios of employee relationships presents another opportunity for that. And it's on our growth trajectory. We're just very disciplined as it relates to building the momentum. So going from the proven HMO to adding the PPO, expanding geographies and you should expect us over time to come back and talk with you about the very attractive additional growth opportunities that exist in the employer marketplace for us as well.
David Cordani: Matthew its David, so specific to the commercial marketplace and I think you're going into the select segment. Recall that we offer choice in that marketplace. The choice is heavily oriented around a well configured integrated value proposition with the medical, the pharmacies, the behavior of the care management programs, et cetera and building choice around funding options. Today, think about from a new standpoint, it's tracking about 50-50. About 50% of a new business we're writing right now is risk about 50% of it is ASO stop loss plus or minus, and that vacillates in any given year, a little bit more of one a little bit more of the other and we're delighted with that. We're delighted to be able to be in position to offer it in that way. I'd also remind you from prior conversations, one of our friends, when you offer that choices, oftentimes you're literally offering that choice side by side. And it's a good validation for the purchaser, in this case, the client of our conviction to the ASO proposition when you're able to put the guarantee cost side by side. But today, think about it, the new business running about 50-50. And I wouldn't describe any difference we're seeing in terms of your terminology from a response standpoint and performance, it's performing really well for us.
David Cordani: Just to reinforce Josh and I appreciate your question. Recall from the – our strategic positioning, pre combination, aided to buy the combination, et cetera. Our ability to generate a significant amount of operating cash flow is a critical competency and we believe the strategic advantage with $9.5 billion in 2019, at least $7.5 billion in 2020 and at least 8.5 billion in 2021, so quite deliberate as Eric said. We note the importance of that responsibility, not something we take lightly, but our effective capital stewardship responsibility will be clear as we go forward and we have tremendous value creation opportunity in front of us right now.
David Cordani: Lance, good morning, it's David. I'll take the first question and I'll ask Eric to take the second part of your question. Individual business line, I'm presuming you're referencing the individual exchange. Just to remind everybody the individual exchange marketplace, we took a very focused deliberate posture on that – in that marketplace in 2014 and has stayed steady within that marketplace systematically, but slowly growing our posture. We're in 10 markets today. Think about the positioning of being in 10 markets highly oriented around leveraging our value based provider relationships. And that marketplace has performed pretty darn well in the last couple of years. Going forward we'll monitor the competitive landscape, but we see the ability to continue to grow that reasonably over time with fair returns. Cornerstone to our value proposition though is ensuring that in those states, we go down to sub MSA level and make sure we're building the value proper the offering around our highest performing physician relationships and getting the requisite alignment with the delivery system and thus far that's performed well for us. And we look forward to year in year out making individual decisions of additional market expansion. Eric, I'll ask you to address the SG&A comment.
David Cordani: Peter its David. First, broadly speaking, just to reiterate, we're really pleased with the positioning we have in our existing MSAs and expanding into new markets are individuality to more platform is the lead offering still and the lead part of the growth chassis, aided by the new market entrees as well as the PPO platform. Specifically to your question of how we go-to-market, think about that as an end proposition, so it's a multi-channel approach relative to captive partnered and otherwise and expect that to continue to expand over time. Specific to the margins, as I mentioned to the prior question, the margins we would expect to be at the lower end of the range that we've put out as a long-term range, as we accelerate our growth trajectory over the near term, potentially taking below that having said that, with a growth we would have earnings growth, that that brings along with it. And finally relative ESRD, as we flagged in the past when asked that question, it will be a smaller impact on our aggregate franchise. We will manage the final ESRD posture, MSA by MSA, benefit offering by benefit offering in alignment with our value based physicians. And we will be well positioned to manage that to the extent the final changes transpired is currently proposed from that standpoint. Net-net taken together attractive growth, even at the lower end of the margin range, we will be experiencing earnings expansion while simultaneously investing for growth going forward.
David Cordani: Frank its David. Specific to the rate notice, as you might imagine, we're digesting the detail of a given the magnitude of it. It's the preliminary notice you know the process in terms of getting to the final rate notice. And big picture, I would suggest the aware in macro in line with the aggregation of what that rate notice indicates. And when we think about the posture that rate notice, the expansion of our shores proposition for 2021 will be in good shape for 2021. More to follow, but big picture, our impact is broadly speaking in line with what the rate notice speaks to. And as it relates to the – you asked specifically about the Cigna Anthem litigation that is on course to resolve itself by the end of this calendar month.
David Cordani: Probably in specificity relative to litigation other than I would reinforce, we feel very strong about our position relative to our contractual responsibility and contractual ability to collect a break fee and the court is on is on track to resolve that by the end of this calendar month.
David Cordani: Yeah, I'm not going to go through the micro pieces of the components of the relationship, but I'd rather just reframe what we're trying to achieve together. This is a wonderful example of two organizations identifying philosophical alignment and strategic alignment and then pursuing leverage that results in additional value for customers and clients. That's the end of and the net- net of this, which is improved affordability, potentially improved coordinated access and then clinical program leverage on a go forward basis. We will continue to work with Prime in terms of the best ways in which we could add additional value for them. There's 28 million individual relationships that – or customers and members that are within the Prime relationship and we'll be guided by the components that they feel we can create the most value for will make value added suggestions and evolve that over time, all with the objective of creating more value for their members and clients and therefore getting some benefit for Cigna as well over time. So we're delighted with it. It's another validation of our ability to work with other likeminded partners to create mutual value.
David Cordani: I appreciate the question. We think about it the exact opposite way. It's a dynamic marketplace and those who create the most valuable win, those who try to preserve or regress to control value will lose over time. So big picture, we're more oriented around a perpetual innovation cycle and continue to drive more value. And we like to do that with others and create mutual value. We have a long track record, the legacy of the ESI [ph] has that, the legacy of Cigna has that and we're fueling more of it. So this is an opportunity to create more value for 28 million more customers starting in 2020, and further improve affordability and further improve quality from that standpoint, that's a great outcome. Each organization has to continue to innovate. Each organization has to deliver value and there's ample growth opportunity in front of both organizations going forward and we'll align to mutually identify beneficial opportunities for both organizations to grow. But the cornerstone is innovation and more value delivery. So we view it as upside not downside.
David Cordani: Ricky, good morning, its David, specific to the 2021 PBM selling season break that up as new components, health plan relationships, corporate relationships, as we sit here today, they help find relationships as you would expect and draw close your completion sooner given the size, shape and scope of those relationships. They're substantially completed through the renewal cycle and we feel great about the outcome. So that would be the picture I give you for 2021, continued trends from that standpoint. The corporate part of the relationships are getting into full steam right now. We think we're going to have another very good year from that standpoint and our value proposition is resonating very well in the marketplace, specifically relative to our value proposition and some of the new innovations that we put into the marketplace, be it the patient assurance program, be it health connect 360, et cetera. Put a circle around it in aggregate, think about the size of the book moving or up to move about from a normal standpoint. As it relates to Medicare Advantage, pleased that you're calling out the fact that a bit ahead of the market we put down before, remind you we said 10% to 15% on average over time, we said in our first year, we were expected to be at the lower end of the range as we were stepping into that new result. There's no one driver, what moves us to the 13% to 16%, I would call out a bit higher retention. So what we had initially put into our projection our retentions even higher, we love that. And as I noted in my prepared remarks, we're sitting in an MPS right now, just in excess of 70 across the aggregate book of business that we have and the vast majority of our customers in this space are in value based arrangement. So I wouldn't call it anything else. My existing platforms drove the majority of it, our new markets contributed, and we had a bit higher retention rate.
David Cordani: Good morning, it's David. I'll take the first question and I'll ask Eric to take the second question. We don't get into individual actions we're taking relative to our supply chain or procurement strategy. I would just step back and say we have a broad portfolio of tools, solutions and capabilities. And we're going to continue to dynamically manage those to get the best possible value for existing and prospective customers and clients going forward. Beyond that, we're not going to comment on any individual actions we're taking in the supply chain activity. Eric, could you comment on the trend.
David Cordani: Charles good morning, first to your point, we're delighted with the fact that we have seven years now going into a plus in terms of delivering the lowest medical cost trend in the industry. And our clients and customers benefit from that immediately, especially given the profile of our business highly ASO oriented from that standpoint and will continue to drive exceptional value for our clients and customers. Two, I appreciate you calling out the CPI level goal and objective. A couple of years ago we put forth a strategic objective which said we strive to deliver a level of medical cost trend approximating CPI by 2021. We view that is indicative of a sustainable trend that the system and society could tolerate and manage on a go forward basis and indicative of a responsible trend. I would note that today we feel like we're well on our way to that journey. And I would underscore that with the fact that many of our clients today who have established relationships with us and are leveraging our most advanced consumer engagement, health improvement and value based relationships are benefiting from CPI or better trend from that standpoint. So there's a toolkit we have that will continue to innovate and evolve around how do we get engagement in support of the consumer in the life journey? How do we evolve the precision and speed of the health improvement programs, especially as we continue to expand in the whole person health arena on an accelerated basis with our market leading behavioral health and pharmacy capabilities? And then just further deepening the activation of value based care delivery platforms that we have in the marketplace and we're already able to deliver as I indicated, CPI are better for many of our clients. We're going to see – further expand that in 2020 and beyond. I appreciate your question.
David Cordani: Thank you. To wrap up, I'd like to highlight just a few key points from today's conversation. First, to remind your Cigna delivered exceptional full year 2019 financial results across our four growth platforms led by Health Services and Integrated Medical segments. We exceeded the guidance we had already raised each quarter for 2019 for revenue, earnings and EPS as well as for cash flow from operations. Looking forward, our 2019 performance gives us considerable momentum for attractive growth in 2020 and beyond. In 2020, we will continue to drive significant growth in customer relationships, revenue, earnings, EPS, as well as continued strong operating cash flow. We are on track to complete our integration activities associated with our combination with Express Scripts over the next year. We expect to close the sale of our group disability life business to New York Life in the third quarter. We're on track to return our balance sheet to normalized levels and debt and be in a position to provide exceptional strategic financial flexibility moving forward, just as we committed to when we announced our combination two years ago. And we're well positioned to drive attractive growth beyond 2020 and on track to deliver our 2021 EPS target of $20 to $21 per share. We thank you for joining our call today and we look forward to our future conversations.
