Thomas A. McCarthy: Scott, this is Tom. So first, again, the comparative basis matters here. You do recall that we are anticipating an increase -- or have anticipated an increase in the Medicare Advantage MLR going into this year based on repositioning for the health reform effects. But the elevated result this quarter, as you pointed out, is from a combination of revenue and pressure, including the impact of sequestration and a revenue true-up reflected in the quarter, I'll get to that in a minute, and some increased claim severity. As it relates to the revenue true-up, some of that related to the full year accrual for revenue due to CMS, so adjustment in the quarter for the full year accrual, and that accounted for about 150 basis points of the elevated third quarter MLR. On the claims severity side, that really reflects a higher cost for claims, so it's not the number of claims or unit cost per se, but a higher cost per claim due to the more complexed conditions and treatments. And again, we are actively working to address those issues. Regarding your comment on the bid, we're confident that we have, through our engaged physician model, we have the levers and the toolkit to manage this dynamic in 2014.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Josh, it's Tom. So again, the impacts you noted are right. The dynamics, the level of impact and the claims severity impact, and the revenue impact, again, depending on the comparison you're making, sequestration as an impact, but obviously, not sequentially. The number that you picked up, though, the 150 basis point impact was related to the revenue -- an additional revenue adjustment within the quarter for the full year results. And the balance roughly would relate to the claims severity item.
Thomas A. McCarthy: There are number of drivers, and I wouldn't want to call out any one in particular. But you can be assured that our team is focused on improving that results both into the fourth quarter and into next year.
Thomas A. McCarthy: So Matt, first to the overall question on pricing dynamic, really, no change from the market. Pricing dynamic seems to be traditionally or typically rational. There's occasional pockets of accelerated competitiveness, but no major turn to call out. And on the industry fee, in particular, as you know, we tend to have a disciplined pricing underwriting approach. And the industry fee is another cost factor that we have built into our process, and we've included it in the amount we need to recover just for the fee and our pricing, and so far, we seem to be encouraged by the results there.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Just hold on to that comment for a second, David. So first, Christine, you asked about the general lever. So there is a physician engagement model, I'd also point out for the other obvious one, benefits adjustments. And I'd also point out, we have a number of markets where we're still in the early stage of focusing in physician engagement model. And in fact, another lever for 2014 is more focused on those markets where that model is a little -- in the earlier stages of development. And as David said, overall, lots of positive things mitigate the impact. But we still are expecting margin pressure in Medicare Advantage in 2014. So to your second more specific point, yes, that adjustment is largely related to risk adjusters.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Chris, it's Tom. I wouldn't call it across the board, but I wouldn't call it isolated either. It's in a number of markets. Some models are more intense than others. And again, we're working aggressively to address the problem right now.
Thomas A. McCarthy: No. Again, I'd take you back to that. It's Tom again. I'd take you back to headlines first, and you have kind of picked up on the overall headlines. The group results -- the group businesses has been performing really well in a challenging environment. The reporting dynamics on that business are a little different from what you're used to in our core for health care business. There is more variability in results due to the nature of the business. So really, what we're talking about is some normalization across the year to a good result.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Peter, it's Tom. That's an estimate, of course. But right now, we would estimate that as kind of a 10% -- $0.10 EPS headwind going into '14.
Thomas A. McCarthy: It's Tom. I'm not sure it's going to be really helpful to get into the nits and nats of that. As you point out, some of the items end up in the -- being more fully discussed, and some of the items end up being just kind of in the run rate. The results in the quarter are pretty clear. This is a strong quarter. And the last few quarters have been strong quarters. Fundamental results, we've had consistent better-than-expected operating expenses, consistent better-than-expected medical costs in commercial. Our disability results over the course of the year, despite some of the ups and downs of the reserve studies, have been good for the year, and we've continued to show really strong results in supplemental benefits and revenue earnings. This quarter did have a couple of unfavorable impacts in it. But overall, good fundamental results are driving the quarter's results.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Dave, it's Tom. You started with the conclusion. You're right, our capital deployment priorities haven't changed. Our first priority is to fund the organic growth; second is, to seek M&A opportunities that fit with our strategy; and then we'll return capital to shareholders primarily through share repurchase. And again, I wouldn't -- we wouldn't change those priorities, and I wouldn't try and foreshadow activity in one area or the other. Again, we'll be very closely focused on what aligns with our strategy. To your more specific comment on pension plan, yes, I think you've drawn a right conclusion there. Over the last few years, targeted $250 million pretax to fund the pension plan, and that consciously funded above the minimum requirements. In 2014, it's likely and we do have to wait until we get to year end and see how market conditions are then in the final reporting on the plan. But it's likely we would transition to a minimum funding approach, which in 2014, would likely mean about $100 million pretax contribution to the plan instead of $250 million.
Thomas A. McCarthy: A.J., it's Tom. So that specific point on the quarterly dynamics, the pace of spending was actually a little less than we expected in the third quarter, but we're still on track in the overall plan and we still expect little net impact overall in 2013. So really, comfortable with where we're headed on that project right now.
David M. Cordani: Scott, it's David. We state a little bit of an end [ph], so let me tease out your question relative to '14. First, as you know, we're quite pleased with the fact that we are on track to have a very strong 2013. The backdrop of the '13 results that will carry into '14 are really the strength of our diverse portfolio businesses and our consistent focused execution. As we look to '14, as I noted in the prepared remarks, our expectation is that we will grow revenue and earnings, and to be clear, we exclude any impact of reserve development or capital deployment in that. And you should think about that being driven by the strength of our ongoing organic growth, some additional contributions from the further strengthening of our PBM and then the additional operating efficiencies that we've been able to garner each year, that goes across all of our lines of business, including the international businesses. And then, there's some structural headwinds, but we'll be able to offset those structural headwinds because of the diverse portfolio of our businesses. The final note I would give you is, both given the strength of our 2013 as well as some of those industry structural headwinds, at this point, we indicate that we will expect to grow earnings, as well as, then, obviously, EPS, but probably, earnings at a lower rate than our 2013 growth rate more historical run rate. Nonetheless, positive results leveraging both the diverse portfolio of our businesses and consistent execution.
David M. Cordani: Justin, it's David. As we noted in our prepared remarks, we'll provide comprehensive and more complete guidance for '14 on our fourth quarter call. But let me give you a little bit more color in terms of how to think about it. First, you're correct. Consistent with our policy, we don't project any reserve development. And through our results, you could see where our favorable reserve development has been for this year, order magnitude, $70 million after-tax plus. So extract that from the consideration, you can make your own estimate on the taxes. Two other headwinds you point to is, one, you referenced Medicare, not going to go through the details of that. We'll go through the details of that in the fourth quarter, but it's an important headwind that, over the long term, we feel very confident on, but it's an important headwind. We'll be able to offset that in our portfolio. And then finally, an item I would just draw your attention to is, as I think you know, the implementation of ACA requires a sunsetting of the line of business, specifically limited benefits. Then we'll have a down tick in terms of our business, and from an earnings contribution standpoint next year, that's also fully contemplated in our expectations. So when you take all of those headwinds together, including our assumption that we're not projecting the favorable reserve development on a go-forward basis, taking all that into consideration, we'll still be able to grow organic earnings in 2014 off of a strong base, and that's something we're excited about.
David M. Cordani: Sure. Just directionally, because we don't talk about that, the second component that often. Justin, round numbers, if you think about $25 million, $30 million after-tax for the limited medical benefits business, so you can put that into context. And again, on the Seniors business, we'll talk more comprehensively. I think the headline I'd ask you to take away from that is, first, as Tom noted, we feel good about the bid position we have for 2014. We know we have the levers to be able to manage this business, and we're quite confident over the long term that the engaged physician model and the engaged individual beneficiary model is a sustainable model and something that we will both grow from a covered life standpoint in '14 and grow both lives in earnings thereafter. But '14 is a pressure year for that line of business from a margin standpoint.
David M. Cordani: Sure. Well done in terms of sneaking in the third question. So relative to the private exchanges, as noted in the prepared remarks, first, we're in the very early stages of this. And important to note, as you know, based on your question, there are multiple different versions of private exchanges today. So single-carrier, multi-carrier, self-funded, risk-based exchanges [ph], retiree, active businesses, et cetera. Taking a step back, early stages, so long as those exchanges are able to create sustainable value for employers and individuals, we think there's a growth opportunity. We're playing in position to play in many event today. And -- but most importantly, we're confident that we have the capabilities, both the health engagement and network capabilities, as well as the diverse funding mechanisms and consumer engagement capabilities to play in any one of those alternatives, to the extent they demonstrate the ability to create sustainable value. So premature to give you a long-term projection, we think they'll be part of a future distribution model and we're positioned to play in a variety of those as they evolve over time.
David M. Cordani: Josh, it's David. As I noted before, early stages of implementation of the private exchanges to the first part of your broad question, therefore, our experience is somewhat limited. They're small pockets of experience and a variety of exchanges. As I indicated on the prior question, there are some single-carrier, multi-choice exchanges that we have experience on. There's multi-carrier alternatives that we have experience on. There's ASO experiences and, then there's some risk-based experiences that we see. Important to note, as I've indicated before, we have the capabilities to play under any of the configurations. We've chosen today to focus in the areas where our customers and our target customers seem to have the highest level of interest. And to date, that has been -- our customers have indicated that they have the highest interest in incentive and engagement-based programs that have pooled or bundled purchasing, a high level of transparency and that's where we focus. The value we're delivering is quite strong as indicated with our further improvement in our medical cost results. However, as we look forward, to the extent that changes and other models are delivering more attractive value, we have the capability to play there on a go-forward basis. So the options are open for us, and the capabilities are on hand to play on any one of those configurations should they prove to have a sustainable result for the benefit of employers and customers.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Josh. I don't think it's helpful to go into an individual exchange example. Maybe I'd ask you to just step back and think about everything we've done over the last 4 years has been driven by focus, focus, focus. Our Go Deep strategy has us focusing. So essentially, as we listen to the voice of our customers, our customers and the orientation of what our customers are seeking to purchase was oriented around other alternatives today. So we focused our resources to date on other scenarios, to the extent the needs and demand of our target customers evolve, we'll evolve by focusing our energy. But I'd ask you to think about it that way. We're not trying to be all things to all people. We're trying to focus on the needs of our customers and deliver a differentiated result in both '13 results and our projected '14 results show that we'll continue to grow and keeping that level of focus.
David M. Cordani: Matthew, it's David. A little bit of color. So in terms of looking at January enrollment, as you'd expect at this point in time, we have a better view in terms of what we historically call national accounts and a less complete view in the regional in the select segment. So let me give you some color on national, and then take the opportunity to give you a little bit color on the overall relative to our growth, then I'll ask Tom to make a comment relative to the positioning of the tax from a pricing standpoint. Relative to national accounts, to remind you, we define that a little differently than everybody else. So those are commercial employers with 5,000 or more employees that are multistate. So we define it a bit more tightly. That segment of the population, the employment base is shrinking in a 1% to 2% range. That's our view of that target segment. Our strategic objective is to maintain share and continue to penetrate those engagement in incentive base buyers. And for 2014, we would expect to achieve that. Our pipeline of new business opportunities was down a little bit, as I indicated on the prior quarter call. Our pipeline of our opportunities that were out to date was also down somewhat. Taken altogether, our national account results will be year-over-year equal to slightly improved for 2014. If you look at our commercial book of business in total, at this point, we'd expect our commercial book in total to be about the same year-over-year. When you adjust for the known run-off of the limited benefit business that I made a reference to before, you can think about that as about 1% of covered life that went off in 2014. So Commercial, in total, about the same year-over-year, strong retention across our portfolio businesses, some reasonable good new business growth, and overall, that's going to contribute to a nice revenue results. As Tom mentioned, we have strengths in 2013 and we expect that strength in 2014. I'll ask Tom to make a comment on the industry fee.
David M. Cordani: Matthew, it's David. Two comments relative to buying trends. First, before I get to the funding mechanism, I would submit to you just a continued intensity of focus on proven wellness programs for venture programs, consumer engagement programs, a high level of interest in what the industry may call higher performance networks. We call them our collaboratives or engaged physician networks. As it relates to funding mechanism, we've seen just a continuation. I wouldn't attach it to any one item. We've seen a continuation of interest demand and attractiveness to more transparent funding mechanisms. So take that as the self-funding mechanism, so we've just seen a continuation of that. And for 2013 and as we look to 2014, we see no material impact of drain off from that demand from a guarantee cost standpoint.
David M. Cordani: Ralph, it's David. So a couple of comments here. First, consistent with my prior comment, as we look to 2014, on an all-in basis, adjusted for the, again, known sunsetting of the limited benefit business, we expect our commercial customer performance to be about the same year-over-year. So that's an all-in basis. As it relates to national accounts, again, we define it a little bit more narrowly than some of the competitors. So those commercial employers of 5,000 and more employees that are multistate, our current outlook is for a slight uptick in performance or improvement in performance year-over-year, driven mostly by retention. So the sales results are about consistent, but it's mostly an improvement in retention. So you can look at our book of business. While there's always going to be put and take here or there, our book of business is about the same across the franchise with a little uptick in the national accounts. I give you a little directional color on your profitability question. The primary drivers of profitability are long-term relationships. We are delivering sustainable value for your client and customer, and we earn the right to expand their relationship from our point of view with multiple products and services. So the specialty portfolio, the health improvement, the prevention, the wellness are critical parts of our business strategy. Said otherwise, we seek to not sell a stand-alone ASO-funded relationship as an example. To that end, the penetration or cross-selling grade is the highest down market in the select segment the package solution works in the most intense way and the lightest of international account segment. So general rule of thumb, you can conclude that as you go from the largest sized accounting segment down to the medium and smaller size, all of these remaining equal, profitability dial is up somewhat, but that's largely driven by further penetration of the specialty business. Final comment for Cigna. As you look at our performance, our revenue, our profitability, our profit for life and our retention performance suggest that we're managing that quite well, and we're delivering good value back to our clients, as evidenced by the retention rate and the continued success we're having.
David M. Cordani: Ralph, it's David. Again, we'll provide detailed guidance at the end of the fourth quarter, so we're not going to give you the specific numbers. You should assume, though, that our consistency of our approach. So we will, in our pricing, to our best estimate of medical cost trend and the medical cost trend outlook, we're taking a basic assumption of somewhat of an uptick in utilization as we had last year. To the extent that, that plays out, we will have priced that into our book of business. To the extent that doesn't play out, we'll be reporting back on the results in 2014. But on the fourth quarter call, we'll give you the specifics just anchor it in the fact that we're pricing at our underlying cost level that we're projecting for 2014, which includes somewhat of an uptick in cost pressure.
David M. Cordani: Kevin, it's David. I'll highlight 3 items. First, I would just highlight this organic growth. We expect to, again, grow revenue and grow revenue at an attractive level. So what's behind that? What's behind that is, in the core medical business, some customer growth; two, further expansion of our specialty business; three, continued growth of our Group Insurance disability asset; and lastly, continued attractive growth of our global business. So organic growth will be one; two would be the point you raised, the further strengthening of our PBM will create a tailwind for us; and third, I would highlight, we now have a track record of continued prudent operating efficiency leverage in the franchise, so that would be a contribution as we go into 2014, all while we continue to invest back in the franchise for the long-term. So those will be the 3 primary tailwinds I would highlight for you.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Kevin. It's David. So giving you just a grounding point and then how we think about it. The grounding point is to be clear, we have the ability to offer ASO/stop-loss shared return and risk alternatives in the market we do every day. For example, in the Select Segment, a segment that's growing very nicely for us and has proven the ability to grow on a consistent basis, we frequently report in front of a client and a prospective client an ASO/stop-loss alternative side-by-side with the risk alternatives. And then a consultative fashion gets to the right outcome for that client at that point in time. So as Tom would like to say, sometimes we're a bit agnostic. You want to get to the right solution for the employer, and you want to have the capability to be able to deliver good value for the client, as well as a fair return from a shareholder standpoint. With that said, I would submit to you that, not speaking about the competitive landscape but speaking about it from the Cigna's landscape, our success in terms of having a vibrant portfolio of specialty businesses and the ability to package solutions and deliver an overall proposition has presented an environment where our ASO profitability is quite attractive. So I wouldn't look at a similar leverage point as you move between a simple ASO -- stripped-down ASO business versus risk piece of business. And then finally, I feel compelled to state the obvious, the capital efficiency needs to be taken into consideration under any of those scenarios. Clearly, we take that into consideration because we underwrite risk business everyday in our company, but I think it's a little bit of a pause to say, you're just going to line up a profitability pro life. So one, we have the ability to do this today; two, we do it shoulder-to-shoulder everyday; and three, our success in terms of packaging solution, whether it's an ASO proposition or risk proposition, gives us confidence that we'll be able to thrive under either of those scenarios going forward.
David M. Cordani: Peter, it's David. You're painting an interesting picture. But to step back, putting it back into a Cigna context, as you know, Cigna has historically not had a meaningful small employer, under 50 lives licensed [ph] employer or individual guarantee cost book of business. Therefore, we were not forced to take action to protect the portfolio of businesses. As you know from our prior conversations, we sought to test the market over about a 3-year period of time with some new benefit offerings distribution strategies, and then we stepped in on a very focused basis in 5 states, working with physician collaboratives to offer solutions that we think offer a very good value and can be sustainable. So point one is, we're very focused for 2014 in the limited number of markets, with our physician partnerships in hand in those markets. Our expectation is that, we're in a very early innings, and when you're in a very early innings of anything, it is going to be rocky. We're going to maintain a very sharp focus. And as we've consistently said, we've cautioned to not to look at this opportunity, for at least our company, as a watershed moment for revenue or earnings contribution whether that's for '14 or '15. It may present a long-term opportunity, and we want to be in position relative to that. But we're running our business that the core of the franchise needs to be able to deliver, and it will, for 2014, both revenue and earnings growth despite the challenges you just articulated for that early emerging marketplace.
David M. Cordani: Carl, it's David. Just to add to Tom's point. When you take that together, you take our all-in reported number for 2013 and our revised upward outlook for that, we're committing to be able to grow our earnings base and grow our revenue base going into 2014. Tom and I highlighted a few of the items that you could view as -- I'm thinking about differently in a prior comment, Tom just commented on the industry fee headwind that's created. We have the run-off of a line of business that I commented, maybe up to $25 million, $30 million. We've got favorable medical costs and the reserve development, those are all chunks that you can model out. But I think the headline here you can step back and look at is, '12 was a very strong year. We grew off the base of that in '13, we've continued to grow '13 throughout the course of the year. And our expectation is despite all the moving parts, albeit the rate of growth from a percentage basis will be a bit smaller than our historical run rate, we're going to be able to grow earnings in 2014 as well, and we're very excited about that.
David M. Cordani: David, it's David. You used the term hotspots, so I'm taking the connotation of caution. The only thing I would draw your attention to is that, as noted in our prepared remarks, we continue to invest in even on an accelerated basis in the third quarter, our Global Supplemental Benefits business. But broadly, for the portfolio, we feel quite good. The track record of revenue growth, earnings growth and customer base expansion in the other lines of businesses is quite strong. We expect to continue that, and we're taking the steps to further accelerate investments that we think are prudent in all of our businesses.
David M. Cordani: A.J., it's David. First, just by way of a backdrop comment here. Remind you that we started and we set up our first collaborative back in 2008. We stood up 8 of them [indiscernible] a variety of different models. So we've been at this for a while. That's the first point. Second, with the 75% [ph] up in operational on the commercial side plus having 75% of our Medicare Advantage customers and physician engagement model, we're well in excess of 1 million lives that are experiencing these services today on a dedicated or comprehensive basis. As it relates to the market dynamic, you should think about it as a market dynamics of increased demand not stable or decreased demand from physician and delivery system partners. And if I were to describe any change in that, the intensity and [ph] uptick in terms of what I'll call the facility-integrated systems on top of what has been the physician organization. So more demand increasing in the physician space, as well as now increasing in the integrated facility base. Your reference is to more competition. This is an area that everyone is talking about. There's a lot of activity. I would submit that our team is extremely well positioned as we've been at this a while. From a Medicare standpoint, the HealthSpring team has been active for well over a decade, with very proven track record. And from a commercial standpoint, we've now put 5 years of experience here. So a good outlook for the future to continue to grow this. And what's most important is, at the end of the day, are you able to deliver differentiated result for your client and customer? And the exciting part here is that, from a commercial standpoint, we could point to improved results, better medication compliance, better clinical engagement on a lower medical cost that are passing through, that's a positive from sustainability standpoint.
David M. Cordani: Thank you. In closing, I'd like to underscore just a few points from our discussion this morning. Cigna's third quarter results reflect strong revenue in earnings contributions from each of our ongoing business segments, continue our track record of strong financial results and our momentum from the first half of the year. We are confident in achieving our increased full year earnings outlook for 2013. Looking ahead, we expect to grow revenue and earnings in 2014 over our increased 2013 outlook, and this excludes any future reserve development or capital deployment. We continue to deliver our Go Deep, Go Global and Go Individual strategy to leverage our capabilities around customer insights, consultative selling and physician engagement to guide us through an evolving and disruptive environment. We thank you for your participation today and for your continued interest in Cigna, and we look forward to our future conversations. Have a great day.
