David Cordani: A.J., good morning, it's David, good to hear your voice. Hope you and your family are well. So for 2021, to put context first and foremost, you know that we established that target when we announced our combination with Express Scripts over two years ago, and since then we have remained on track to achieve it. We recognize and doubt that the current environment is highly disrupted. Although we believe the goal is both achievable and remains an appropriate target. You're correct. I wouldn't use the word cushion. I would use the word momentum and strength. So we've been able to effectively execute our integration and that remains on track and performing quite strong, the core businesses within our portfolio, our service oriented portfolio with diverse solutions and diverse funding mechanisms to be able to flex in a very dynamic marketplace and environment from that standpoint. And when we look at our performance stepping in through 2020, we consider our first quarter results through and then carry through the month of April. As we look at our results, we believe that target is still appropriate and achievable from that standpoint, I would note clearly inferred in your comment, the biggest wildcard for every industry is the – would be the depth and breadth and duration of a global recession. So that crystal ball no one has perfectly, but the ballast of our business portfolio and high performing diverse business portfolio gives us confidence that that's the proper target.
David Cordani: Good morning, Ralph. So if we step back, I think one of the perspectives that the current environment reinforces is the power of an importance of the role of the employer. So stepping back, we need to understand the fact that for an employer to have a vibrant business, they need healthy, productive, present highly engaged co-workers. And in some way the crisis actually reinforces the role of the employer in terms of creating a safe environment, but an environment that actually creates a healthy environment and an environment that has a level of productivity and engagement. And I for one I'm just pleased to see how corporations have stepped up relative to co-worker safety, co-worker engagement protocols, even the number of employers that have stepped forward where they had employment dislocation by maintaining continuity of benefits. So point one is we see that is quite important. As it relates to the funding mechanism, I don't see a broad swing. We don't project forwarded broad swing. Having said that, we maintain a diverse portfolio of funding mechanisms and we offer choice for employer clients on a regular basis that has been and that will continue to be a strength, so our ability to have the flexibility we think is quite important, but we don't see this broadly swinging one way or the other from ASO to guarantee costs or vice versa. As it relates to segment expansion, we've positioned our business portfolio to be able to continue to expand, so our Health Service portfolio is really critical strategic expansion. We're offering a broad array of services, both to corporate clients, health plans, governmental entities and increasingly over time, healthcare delivery infrastructures on all sorts of products and programs and services we see as mission critical, so cutting across funding mechanisms up through Medicaid from that standpoint. And then finally, we've systematically expanded our individual business and our biases to do so. And as you'll note, my final comment is from the past, we see over time, the state base risk bearing program or performance based program is an additional growth opportunity for us, if there is high level of clinical engagement, clinical coordination, so we like our positioning. Appreciate the role of the employer, employers are stepping up big in the marketplace today taking care of their employees as best they can and dynamically doing so. And we see for the growth opportunities in our core chassis in our expanded Health Services as well as individual programs.
David Cordani: Justin, you have packed a lot in there. So let me take the first and make a qualitative comment on the second, but ask Eric to take the second question. Broadly speaking, we're not going to walk through the detailed building blocks for 2021. We'll do that when we get into providing detailed guidance for 2021. I would ask you to consider going back and looking at the Investor Day walkthrough that Eric provided. And he put forth the building blocks that exists in terms of cross walking us from '19 to '20 to '21 from that standpoint. I'll remind you of a few just as illustrations for the broader audience, right. The impact of deleveraging, we know it, we understand it, it's more within our control versus not the impact of synergies, we know it, we understand it. Our integration program is well in track and well in hand, our impact of capital deployment, before we get into the foundation and fundamental pieces of the equation from that standpoint. And then finally, inverting your comment was the effective disenrollment, two comments. One is what we're seeing thus far and it's just that thus far is both in our Integrated Medical business as well as in our Health Service business. For those corporate employers who have had co-worker dislocation, fully half of those employers are maintaining continuity of benefits, either through the word furlough or by having layoffs, but with benefit continuity, which reinforces an expectation of a more short lived effect, as well as the roles that the employers are playing. And then finally, related to that our health service portfolio gives us a much broader level of services to offer to the marketplace, as opposed to being held to just Integrated Medical sale versus not. The qualitative comment I'd give you on stock repurchases. I hand it over to Eric for more specifics is we recognize the dynamic dynamics of the environment. Just two points, one, our stock repurchase that was done in the first quarter was largely done before the COVID-19 epidemic spiked up intensely in the United States. And secondly, given the unique nature of having a large strategic divestiture, which is what we have for later this year. That is a more unique event where the responsible thing to do is to put that capital back in our shareholders hands largely because it is a unique onetime event from that. But I'll ask Eric to expand a little further on the repo.
David Cordani: Kevin, good morning, it's David. Appreciate your question. Broadly speaking, we would see it just in terms of painting a macro picture relative to traditional integrated corporate facing medical and integrated benefits a little less disruptive versus not. Why? Point two is think about that business is serving corporate clients, typically larger corporate clients. Secondly, health plans with diverse portfolios of services from commercial through Medicare, Medicaid and other governmental programs and then a large government contract. Second, in the services that it provides, those services are somewhat foundational in nature. So the pharmaceutical utilization broadly speaking that individuals need do not change dramatically as a result of a recession. It's not a deferrable event typically from that standpoint, so it has a bit more balance in terms of both the diversity of the client base that exists within it and then the core foundational aspect that comes along with it. As I noted to a prior question, as well, we're seeing in the Health Service space that for those corporate clients, and I'll ask Eric to give you a little bit more color in terms of broader split in a second, for those corporate clients. Those that actually have had a reduction in workforce, fully 50% of them are maintaining benefits on behalf of those individuals. So headline, we see it is a bit less disrupted from a recession versus the traditional business you would think of in terms of measuring it against for the reasons I mentioned. I'll ask Eric to just give you a little bit more color in terms of splits.
David Cordani: Ricky, I appreciate your framing. Clearly there's a lot of scenarios. In close there's uncertainty, so we agree on both. I don't think it's constructive to take multiple different hypothetical's and then try to pinpoint how an individual lever would move within that scenario in a given point in time, but we recognize and I appreciate your framing, there are multiple scenarios that exist. Our view is that is we've played through a variety of scenarios and a variety of sensitivity tests in understanding what we have within our control running our business that the reaffirmation of our EPS as well as our revenue outlook is appropriate for 2020. And as I noted to the prior questions, the leverage we have within our control, as we best understand the environment right now for 2021 that that target is also appropriate and achievable for a corporation from that standpoint. The last thing I would say is the whole notion relative to a second surge or otherwise, we've seen elevated experiences now that society is adjusting to and we would expect to see further adjustments in both clinical protocols, community protocols, the way in which businesses operate from a more flexible standpoint and we would expect to see further accelerated evolution of treatments ideally beginning to be introduced to the market in the second half of this year as well, but having said that, we continue to believe that our outlook for 2020 is an appropriate outlook and a seeable outlook for us.
David Cordani: Good morning, Robert, it's David. So let me frame that in two dimensions, Health Services and then a little bit of walk over to Integrated Medical. But specific Health Services, we're delighted, we're pleased with the strength and we would view the 96% to 98% expectation for retention rate yet again for 2021 to be really, really strong. Now that's delivered with – as a result of sustained strong service delivery, sustained strong pharmacy cost delivery and ongoing innovation. And wrapping around that the team could be consultative in working with our clients. Specific to that retention rate, I would remind you that first, you should expect that the health plan portfolio business, those renewals largely complete and largely completed before the spike of COVID-19. So I would not correlate that result to a passivity or reluctance of people to evaluate the marketplace. Secondly, the large corporates within that portfolio, also more meaningfully renew on the earlier side of the timeline versus not. Now bridging to your comment, this disruptive environment, I think creates a higher hurdle rate, all other things remaining equal for a corporation or a benefits manager to introduce even more disruption to their world. I think that's a basic solid tenet to take place because of so much disruption. However, we still see business moving and that comment carries from Health Services across the Integrated Medical because at its core, employers in the case of this comment now are still looking for differentiated value and being able to bring them whether it's an innovative offering or a coordinated Health Service offering they can deliver innovative step function value, that affordability, predictability and simplification is even more important today, but all things remain equal. I think your basic tenet is right from this point going forward. In terms of the selling season, there's a bit of a higher hurdle to get across. I just wouldn't draw that conclusion up against the Health Service renewal of 96 to 98% because so much of that was then completed before the spike of the epidemic.
David Cordani: Hey, Josh, good morning, it's David. I appreciate the way you frame the question. So point one is really strong start to the year. Fundamentals are strong across multiple of our business portfolios. And as in the case in most quarters, there were some items that you could call out is potentially being non-run ratable. Point two, within our International business there was a large favorable item that came through that aided further the strong fundamentals within the business. Having said that, we believe the outlook is both appropriate, achievable and prudent given that we're a bit ahead of our own expectations and the Street's expectations in the first quarter, given the uncertainty that exists in the latter part of the year. So strong fundamentals, top line, bottom line aided by some items that are non-run ratable and take the International item as an example, but added to a strong quarter within International. And as we take it all into consideration, we think it's prudent to maintain our EPS outlook at this point in time, given the uncertainty and potential puts and takes in the second half of the year.
David Cordani: Yeah, I agree with your comments for sure. I would remind you, Steven, specifically for our business, I ask you to remember 85% of our commercial business is ASO. So our employer clients are seeing and aligned with what we're experiencing from that standpoint. And even when you carry that forward to our MA portfolio, today, approximately 85% of our MA customers are in a value based relationship with the healthcare system from that standpoint. And then a final thought is we need to think about the capacity, right, the healthcare systems capacity to either get back to its prior level of utilization service fulfillment versus a massive uptick in that over a short period of time, and I don't mean that in a coded way, we need to recognize the fact that our healthcare delivery system is taxed right now. Different dimensions of it are taxed, but some facilities are redeploying surgeons and otherwise who are not doing deferrable procedures in doing triage procedures or virtual care from that standpoint. So as Eric noted a lot of uncertainty here, but important for us we're aligned with our employer clients, and they'll see the benefits of that aggregate cost experience in the first half of the year and a bit more reversion in the second half of the year based upon the scenarios we're operating with right now.
David Cordani: Yeah, the only thing I'd add is – just reaffirm the point which I think is sometimes maybe lost is the Select segment ramps throughout the course of the year. And we can see the value proposition and the complicated offering we have in that space is resonating quite well.
David Cordani: Charles. Good morning. Let me try to kind of compartmentalize your question here. So I think you're building a little bit of an off the digital formulary and then you referenced the telehealth services et cetera. So maybe stepping back, the digital formulary was an innovative offering, is an example of one of many innovative offerings I should say, where we're trying to seek to help our clients, meaning corporate customers and health plans as they seek to utilize that as well as our customers in terms of making more informed decisions. So the digital formulary has a specific purpose to take the curate and digital applications that are out there to 300,000 plus and growing and try to evaluate them against specific criteria. More broadly inferred in your statement, which I agree with is society at large has been aggressively ramping appetite for more personalized, simplified, convenient ways of accessing services, information and increasingly care. So with telehealth wasn't that long ago that I think we as a society would be using telehealth as a small slice of triage intervention. And the COVID-19 epidemic is reinforcing to us it could be a larger portion of an overall integrated or coordinated healthcare offering. And we see that as a big part of both today and the future. We like our positioning both partnering as well as having proprietary capabilities. And as I noted, we were the first to offer annual checkups. We brought to market a dental capability, et cetera, around that. And then lastly, just wrapping the example around it, with the Buoy Health capability that we're able to bring to market very rapidly is another way of harnessing both through partnership, but putting the customer or patient front and center and providing an actionable, virtual tool with which to assess oneself and make informed decisions going forward from that standpoint. So big picture is we see a re-envisioning of what we call the front end of care, the way in which individuals access both information as well as the care system as having a tremendous opportunity to harness new technologies, tools and capabilities, which start with virtualization, and carrying that through a part of the coordinated care delivery system. And we like our positioning by not being tethered to or beholden to whether it's bricks-and-mortar or care fulfillment resources that will be in conflict with that. And the appetite right now is high and the satisfaction level from consumers who are experiencing that is quite high. And we think that will grow going forward.
David Cordani: Thank you. And thanks everyone for joining our call today. I want to start by acknowledging again the tireless efforts of all the frontline workers of the COVID-19 crisis for their selfless and caring nature for the patients that they're servicing. From Cigna's perspective, as we lead through this crisis, we will continue to attend to the needs of our stakeholders across the globe, work to maintain a healthy organization that is well positioned to deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders both today as well as into the future and ensure that we work to be a proactive part of the solution, partnering in both national and local levels. Relative to our performance, our team achieved strong results in the first quarter, through focused execution of our business strategies and by continuing to expand our key relationships and partnerships and working to make healthcare more affordable, predictable and simple. This fuels our expectations of delivering sustained, attractive top line and bottom line growth in 2020 and continuing this growth in 2021. With that, we thank you for joining the call. We wish you safety and health during these challenging times for both you and your family members and we look forward to future discussions.
Eric Palmer: Gary, it's Eric, I'll give you a couple of perspectives on that. So overall, we're really pleased with the performance of the services – Health Services business in the first quarter. As David noted, a minute ago, we've made really good progress in terms of the transition of the Cigna Life again and continue to work on integration and the like. You referenced kind of the impact of any amounts that were pulled forward and things along those lines. I would note that we had approximately 5 million scripts or 1%, 1.5% of the volume that we ended up having in the first quarter. That was – we view as being pulled forward from later periods, so we point to that as a relatively modest impact in terms of the impact of the results in the first quarter. And more generally, we just come back to strong results and continued traction in terms of integration program. At last, I would not call out any additional synergies or differences there versus our prior expectations.
Eric Palmer: David, thanks, and Justin, I hope you're doing well. With respect to the share repurchase, as you noted, we did deploy just over a billion dollars over the course of the first quarter. And really think of that as – back in the framework that I've talked about in terms of our use of capital and touched overall for the year, right. So between the cash flow from operations that we expected to generate, as well as the proceeds from the group divestiture that we expect to close in the third quarter, we talked about having both of those as sources of capital available for deployment and that we would navigate toward year-end debt to capitalization ratio of below 40% and reduce the share count to effectively offset the portion of the year where we don't have the group business so that the impact would be neutral on EPS for the year. And we've got flexibility in navigating through that. And that's the framework in which we deployed the capital in the first quarter.
Eric Palmer: Yeah, so Kevin, it's Eric. Maybe a couple of things I would add here to David's answer. So first of all, we did provide some statistics in terms of a little bit of a makeup of kind of the distribution of scripts across the different channels and such. In fact, in the Investor Day last year, an order of magnitude about 400 million of the scripts associated with the commercial business, so though a meaningful block of business to be sure, but one of several different components of the book of business that we have within Express Scripts, so pretty well diversified. I think David covered the dynamics in terms of the consistency of the volumes and such for the benefit of our patients and such. I think maybe the last thing I would note is just the positive impacts of mail order that that we experienced in the first quarter and we think will be durable. Yeah, right. So as we've talked about for some time, mail order carries with it a number of benefits, right, better dispensing accuracy. Once you get on mail order, you're more likely to stay with your prescription that helps to keep gaps in care from being remaining open or being open and such. And obviously we've got a quite a leading operation in terms of the home delivery pharmacy. So we feel really good about the ability to use that to help serve our customers as well.
Eric Palmer: David, I think you hit the headlines pretty effectively there, so nothing else to add at this point.
Eric Palmer: Yeah, Steve, it's Eric. I'll start here. Overall, I think step to recognize this is a bit unprecedented, right. So stepping into this, I think the things we've been looking at here are, one, it's a pretty different set of dynamics across different geographies. So I think understanding the path and approach across different geographies and how this plays out across different geographies. I would just note, I think there'll be variations there. As the COVID impact, certainly been more impactful in some geographies than others. I think that will lead to more disruption in some geographies than in others, so to start with that one. Two, I think we would view that there will be some things that are deferred out of the second quarter, as I noted in my prepared remarks that will come into the back half of the year. Now, I don't think it'll necessarily be one for one. I mean, in terms of all of the things that were deferred from the second quarter are occurring in the third and fourth quarters, but it's appropriate to think of at least some of those coming back in the back half of the year. And as we continue to progress through this, we'll be working to refine our estimates and PTO posted as we think about it. David, I don't know what else you'd add there.
Eric Palmer: Scott, its Eric, some of our – some of the most effective markets, you could see care deferrals or reduction in cost of as much as 30% for the first few weeks in April.
