David Michael Cordani: Good morning. It's David. Let me provide some color and framing for 2018, then I'll ask Eric to embellish a little bit with some of the specifics of the numbers. First, by way of a backdrop. First, we're really pleased with the 2017 outlook and the momentum we've built and our ability to yet again increase our full-year outlook. And as Eric noted, it has an embedded growth rate in it of 26% to 28% from an EPS perspective. Second, specifically to the headline for 2018, as you articulated, we will again grow our top and bottom line. That's correlated to the four well-positioned growth platforms we have. At a macro level, think about the drivers as being further revenue and customer growth, further deepening our customer and client relationships by leveraging our both diverse and growing specialty portfolio as well as further expense leverage. Now, while we won't go through the detail of our 2018 guidance until the fourth quarter call, we want to give you a little bit more color. So, when you consider that 2017 jump off and the macro drivers I identified, we expect to grow our organic earnings in the range of 7% to 9% when you adjust 2017 for prior-year reserve development, as we always do. Now that 7% to 9% is in line with our strategic goal and objective. I would also note that that outlook, from our point of view, is competitively attractive and it contemplates as well as offsets the headwind that is created from the return of the industry. So, said otherwise, even with the return of the industry, we expect to grow organic earnings consistent with our strategic range of 7% to 9% when you exclude prior-year reserve development. Lastly, I would remind you, as you know, we have both an exceptional capital position and we don't project future capital deployment. That presents additional opportunity for shareholder value creation for us. I'll ask Eric to just reinforce few of the numbers behind that.
David Michael Cordani: Sure, Matthew. Good morning. It's David. Let me give you a little bit of color. As we first, big picture, as we look to 2018, we expect, again, to grow our customer lives, therefore, our revenue. And quite importantly, we expect to, again, further deepen our relationships by leveraging our growing and well-positioned Specialty portfolio. As we look to 2018, we would expect the bulk of our growth to continue to be driven by our Select and Regional segment. Specifically, this time of the year we typically talk with you about the National segment, so a little bit more color there. To remind you, we define the National Commercial segment a little bit differently than the industry. So it's commercial employers with 5,000 or more employees that span multiple states. Relative to that marketplace for 2018, we would expect to have another year of strong client retention, underscoring our medical cost delivery, our service delivery, et cetera. We would expect to have some targeted wins in terms of new business growth. And net-net, we're expecting to step into the year for the National segment with stable membership for National, growing membership for Select, as we have in the past, growing membership for Regional, net-net overall for Commercial business growing membership as we step into 2018.
David Michael Cordani: Matthew, I appreciate the prompt for the additional color. I would say the push for value is as intense as it's ever been. Employers are seeking to get more value or higher return from their overall benefits portfolio and investment. As such, we see employers at all sizes more open to and more aggressively evaluating not just transparent funding mechanisms, but as we described, incentive and engagement based programs that are quite targeted to get more engagement of their individual employees and family members into the active health management, into the active engagement, into the predictive indicators, et cetera. And if there's a trend that I would identify that's emerging on the more accelerated basis, which we think is positive, it's the push for more localized variance. So, you'll recall our strategy; topic two is Go Local. As the market evolves for more value-based arrangements, it's happening unevenly around the country, and employers are more open to buying or configuring local variations that get the best of the value-based collaboratives, we're well-positioned for that. We think that's a very positive direction for employers. So less on the CDHP side and more directed toward more value-based programs, higher engagement-based programs, more leverage of incentives and increasingly more local variation.
David Michael Cordani: Good morning, Kevin. Can hear you a lot clearer. Thank you. So, specific to MA, broadly we continue to see the U.S. Seniors market as an attractive growth platform. That's driven by a variety of forces. First, at a macro level, the demographics, as well as, importantly, the real strong value proposition MA provides the seniors relative to fee-for-service in many markets. Specific to Cigna, we overlay, in addition to that, our proven value-based collaboratives and then our innovative customer engagement programs. Not lost on us that we have been in a paused state relative to the marketplace for a couple years. As we step into 2018, we will grow. We'll grow revenues and we'll grow customers despite that disruption and noting that strategically we're exiting some targeted counties in 2018 and not entering new geographies. So, taken as a whole, our read of 2018, we will grow, albeit our underlying expectations for 2018's customer growth is lower than our historical run rate in this business and we're projecting for lower-than-market-average growth because, in part, we're reentering the market, we're exiting some counties and we didn't enter any new counties or new markets for 2018.
David Michael Cordani: Chris, it's David. As I briefly referenced in a prior question, our view is we're positioned to grow in 2018. We were back in the selling process in July, August, September, albeit small months, and were able to test the market from that standpoint. We had high alignment in demand with our physician collaborative projects in existing markets. Specific to 2018, we will growth revenue and we will grow customers. Our expectation is we will grow at a rate lower than the market average in 2018 for three reasons. One, we are reentering the market and we want to be honest relative to that process. Two, we've strategically exited some counties in 2018. And, three, we are not entering new markets in 2018. Even when you think all that together, we'll grow revenue and lives and position ourselves really positively to build off that momentum as we step into 2019 and revert growing at least in line with market average off our strong core and entering new markets in 2019 and beyond.
David Michael Cordani: Good morning, David. We have, for quite some time, viewed that the Pharmacy business, the integration of Pharmacy, the coordination of Pharmacy services, as quite an important part of our offering and our strategy. Today, we operate a high-performing innovative and importantly integrated Pharmacy business. We have a proven approach, with the ability on a targeted basis to partner with others to create even step functions of value of the benefit of our customers. And we continue to invest in capabilities in our Pharmacy business, technology, services, programs, as well as talent. As a result, our Pharmacy business unit continues to grow. As Eric previously referenced, we're delivering yet again another year of industry-leading medical cost trend. The Pharmacy component is a contributor to that. And we feel quite good about it. And as we look forward, we'll continue to invest both in technology capabilities and service expansions for our business. So net-net, we feel quite good about our positioning, the integrated approach. And we see further opportunities to both grow the business and drive further integration with our healthcare delivery partners.
David Michael Cordani: So, relative to the business portfolio and the platform, we feel good about the platform we carry into 2018. There's always an ongoing, we'll call it, investment portfolio in every one of our businesses, ongoing innovation and capabilities, be they service, program. In the case of MA, beyond that there are geographic expansions that we talked about as well. But we feel like we have the right portfolio of talent, technology, tools and a disciplined approach to continue to invest. And we like our positioning for 2018. We like our positioning to look to 2019 and beyond. And it will continue to be a growth platform for us. So I wouldn't say any massive inflection point change, nor an investment that is necessary in 2018 that would change our earnings trajectory for that business either.
David Michael Cordani: Morning. It's David. A few questions embedded there. So, stepping back. First and foremost, we operate a diverse global platform of businesses. As you know, businesses that include highly innovative direct-to-consumer solutions, not the business you're making reference to. Secondly, a business portfolio that has comprehensive global and coordinated healthcare solutions for the globally mobile population. We sell that to commercial employers, IGOs, NGOs, et cetera. And then increasingly on a targeted basis, in-country healthcare coordination for the benefit of multi-national employer clients. Specific to your question, the Global Employer business has confronted a couple of years-plus of a meaningful customer and revenue headwind that has been on a sub-slice of the business that has dampened the revenue growth in that business. And it's specifically tied to the wind-down of the two wars that the U.S. has been involved in, obviously in Iraq and Afghanistan, and the Defense Base Act. We were, and continue to be, a major supplier of services, service coordination and service delivery for those suppliers of resources that wrap around the war effort in terms of the contractors that wrap around that. As those wars have wound down, which is a net societal good, that business has dissipated massively. We've been able to offset that with fundamental growth but it has meaningfully dampened the net revenue growth of the business. And we see that chapter as having largely come to completion in terms of the dissipation of revenue. Lastly, we see this part of our business as leverageable for our global employers, and the vast majority of our employer clients are multi-national. And the vast majority of those employers are looking for additional solutions to either fill or supplement what different countries are affording on a go-forward basis. And we're well-positioned relative to that business, so we're excited about the growth opportunities looking forward.
David Michael Cordani: Sure. Good morning, Ralph. So big picture, our capital deployment strategy and priorities have not changed. It's important to preface that with our current capital health and our projected capital health is a direct result of having well-performing businesses that are high margin and we have a successful track record of converting earnings to free cash flow as well as a disciplined capital management priority within the corporation. As you know, our priorities remain: ensure our businesses are well capitalized and supported for ongoing growth, pursue strategic and financially attractive M&A and then return excess capital to shareholders, largely through share repurchase. As Eric noted in his prepared remarks, year-to-date we purchased about $2.3 billion of our stock. We entered the year and indicated that we expected to purchase at least $2 billion. And I would note, we have about $1.4 billion of share repurchase authority currently approved based on our Board of Directors. And as we go forward, we'll continue to look at a whole variety of deployment opportunities consistent with those three sets of objectives, strategic M&A, two, share repurchases, item number three, our businesses are well capitalized for growth, and we continue to invest appropriately in CapEx investments for our business. So stay tuned for more as we step into 2018.
David Michael Cordani: Good question. Gary. It's David. Absolutely. In addition, just to amplify that, you recall from our dialogue at our Investor Day, we put forth an EPS goal for 2021 of $16. And we remain on track to achieve that goal and objective, which reinforces your question relative to our long-term average growth objective of 10% to 13% EPS, as well as, as Eric and I referenced, the 7% to 9% range on average for organic earnings growth and the residual being capital deployment.
David Michael Cordani: Gary, this is a business that we acquired a platform a few years back now and has continued to invest into new capability. In terms of the percentage growth, it's off a pretty small base. So, as we've focused on growing this business with new charters and new product features and such, we've been able to achieve a competitive product. But the percent growth is off of that relatively small base and I continue to see opportunity in front of us there.
David Michael Cordani: Good morning. It's David. First, importantly, when we think about, as I noted as before, the Specialty portfolio, we don't think about it simply as a cross-selling opportunity. That chapter has long since passed. We think about it as, how do you get the right dimension of integrated solutions for the benefit of employers, and ultimately their employees are our customers. You can think about as a cornerstone for us, we've been able to prove an outstanding result for the benefit of client and customers when you have at a minimum an intersection of medical, pharmacy, behavioral, that takes you to kind of life management, as well as targeted population health solutions. Operative term, targeted. So, you mine the data, you understand the health burden and the challenges of an employer or client, and you have targeted population-based health programs. Beyond that, then there's additional services. Our Dental portfolio continues to perform extraordinarily well. There's additional services above and beyond that. Lastly, as an example, while the market may not think about it as a Specialty offering, nor do we in a classic sense, we referenced One Guide, with 2 million lives on it this year, going to 4 million lives next year. It's a tremendous customer engagement, customer navigation, support set of capabilities that both individual customers benefit from, as do our clinical and service coworkers in terms of driving that on a go-forward basis. So, the key is it's a foundational body between the medical, pharmacy, behavioral and life management. And then we augment that and then bring additional services and tools beyond that. As it relates to Life and Disability, no. Not any one unique item, especially from a one-timer standpoint. We're quite pleased to see the trajectory and the momentum that we've been able to build in 2017. And we remain fully on track with our goal, which is to step into 2018 with our underlying run rate health for that business.
David Michael Cordani: Ana, good morning. It's David. Relative to 2018, as we've discussed previously, big picture we see another year of attractive growth. Top-line revenue growth, customer growth and earnings growth. Specific relative to the Executive Order, it's clear that the individual market and the overall ACA components continue to evolve. We'll stay rather close to it as the Executive Order is internalized by all the respective agencies and the specific regs, rules and otherwise are promulgated throughout 2018. We've been able to position ourselves well with a diverse portfolio, as you very well made reference to products, of products, programs and services, both in Medical as well as Specialty, various funding opportunities. And I appreciate your recollection. We have a past track record relative to supplemental or alternative benefits. And all those remain vibrant. I don't believe and we don't project for that being a step function in 2018. There's too many forces moving. If it did present itself as the final EOs are converted, the EOs converted down to rules and regs, we would clarify that in a quarterly call in 2018 if we see a step function. But right now, the very attractive growth we have projected is in more of an as-is state of our current portfolio.
David Michael Cordani: Thank you. To wrap up our call, I'd like to highlight just a few key points from today's discussion. We achieved substantial earnings growth in the third quarter, driven by continued momentum across each of our businesses. Collectively, these results combined with our exceptional capital position and ongoing free cash flow generation give us confidence that we will achieve our increased 2017 outlook and enter 2018 with considerable momentum. In a disruptive environment, Cigna's strategy of Go Deeper, Go Local and Go Beyond, serves as our guide to value creation in each of our targeted growth platforms, including our Commercial Employer segment, our U.S. Seniors business, our Global Supplemental Benefits business and our Group Disability and Life segment. Further, our exceptional capital position today and continued strong free cash flow that our operating businesses are generating enable us to both continue to invest back in our business to drive growth and expand the solution for the benefit of our customers and clients and strategically position us for long-term growth by pursuing attractive inorganic (1:00:37) opportunities to further develop capabilities aligned to an evolving marketplace as well as effectively return excess capital to our shareholders. Finally, with respect to our initial outlook for 2018 expectations. We will continue to organically grow our businesses in terms of revenue, earnings and customers over our increased 2017 outlook, driven by four well-positioned growth platforms, a clear compelling strategy and a team of outstanding talent that's deployed around the globe. We thank you for joining our call today and look forward to our future conversations.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Yeah, Justin. It's Eric. So, as David said, I think we're really pleased with the momentum that we've carried through 2017. And our 2017 guidance for income of $2.6 billion to $2.65 billion represented really strong growth over 2016. And as David noted, when we provide guidance, and have for some time, we always exclude, and we do so on a basis that excludes prior-year reserve development and excludes any potential future capital deployment. So, if you take the 2017 number and remove the impact of prior-year development, our 2017 guidance on a similar basis would be $2.485 million to $2.535 million (sic) [$2.485 billion to $2.535 billion] (28:38) in income and off of that base, we'd expect to generate income growth consistent with our long-term averages. The range that David talked about and that we've talked about even at our Investor Day would be a long-term average of 7% to 9%. And so we'd expect to grow consistent with that range. There's a number of headwinds and tailwinds. We're not going to enumerate all of those in the course of the call today. We'll do so at our fourth quarter call, when we provide more detailed guidance. But as David said, notably, we'd expect to deliver results in that range and that's inclusive of the Industry Fee return, which is definitely a headwind. We think the timing dynamics associated with the commercial portion of the Industry Fee as being worth something like $50 million year-on-year and that'd be a headwind that we would work through in the course of achieving the results of that long-term growth range of 7% to 9% off of the basics including prior-year development. Hopefully that helps provide a little bit of color of how we're thinking about 2018 at this point.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Kevin, we see that as a very attractive opportunity. We have had a disciplined process of organically opening up one to two markets per year prior to our structured pause that we were involved in. And we would expect to re-engage in that as we look at 2019 and beyond. Importantly, we have many markets where we have highly aligned well-performing collaborative and value-based relationships that are performing at high level for our commercial population, who those physician collaboratives and delivery system collaboratives desire us to be in the Medicare Advantage marketplace with them. So we have a lot of supply, if you will, or demand in the market depending on orientation. And as we look to 2019 and beyond, we see some really attractive growth opportunities, both in existing markets, but to your specific point, opening new markets for 2019 and beyond.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Chris, it's Eric. Good morning. A couple of things that I'd share with respect to the medical cost trend. First of all, just stepping back, I would remind you within our book of business, 85% of the clients are in self-funded arrangements where the medical trend directly benefits the clients. And even the other 15% of the book of business that's in insured arrangement, much of that is in arrangements where the trend also directly impacts how we set the rates and things along those lines. And so, I mentioned that because I think the context of having the alignment of incentives provides that really important impact and effect in helping work to impact medical cost trend overall. Now, with respect to our lowered expectation of moving the trend to 3% to 4% for the full year, I would note a couple of dynamics. First of all, as you think about the specific categories, inpatient, outpatient, pharmacy and physician, each one of those different dimensions we would continue to expect to be in that low to mid-single digit range that I've referenced in prior calls. Within the quarter specifically, the areas that drove the improvement in results overall, I'd point to pharmacy and inpatient, in particular, now being lower in the range than they were previously. But in aggregate, continue to expect each one of those categories to be in that low to mid-single digits range. And overall, we're really pleased with the overall impact that we're able to drive here.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Josh, what we'll do is, we'll take that away and as we provide guidance for 2018 and beyond, we'll take away the challenge to embellish a bit further. But, as you'll note, our Global business in aggregate continues grow. You've mentioned FX as well. Within the Global Employer business, the FX kind of nets itself in a different way because we're matched globally relative to that business. But we'll take away the opportunity to provide you some more insights as we talk about our Commercial business on a go-forward basis.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Ralph, it's Eric. Maybe just a couple of comments on that front. So overall within our guaranteed cost book of business, we have had nice growth there this year. And I'd break it into a couple of categories. First of all, a meaningful portion of that's been just growth in our individual business. The remainder of it was really split between National Accounts and the Select segment. And within National Accounts, more oriented towards continued growth in our participation in different private exchanges. And then the other piece of it was within the Select segment. Within Select, by the time you split it into those buckets, think of that as less than 100,000 lives of guaranteed cost growth in the Select segment. We've had good growth and momentum in Select for a number of years now across both guaranteed costs and the ASO funding arrangements. So, again, it wouldn't point to a sea change in terms of the buying characterizations or criteria for 2017. I continue to feel like we've got good momentum, as David noted in that prior comment, as we think about Select going into 2018. So overall, good traction in both, but wouldn't point to a sea change in terms of differences in buying behavior or anything along those lines.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Gary, it's Eric. The primary business in that segment is Medicare Supplement business. That's the largest piece, but it's not the only piece. And we continue to have good growth in both the Medicare Supplement business as well as other individual supplemental types of benefit programs. But in terms of the biggest driver of the growth, it's Medicare Supplement. It's a business that's performed well for us.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Hi, Ana. It's Eric. In terms of the margin and such, again, as we noted in the prepared remarks, overall we continue to have really favorable experience and continue to be really pleased with the momentum we've got in this business. I would think of the margin going forward, plus or minus within the range of where we've been. So, would not be thinking about the performance as strictly a one-time item or anything along those lines. There's normal ebbs and flows in terms of things around seasonality as well as just the variability in this business. But, again, order of magnitude, feel good about the margin profile that we've delivered in this business over some time and that we've delivered this year. With respect to growth, again, not providing the detailed guidance as such here today. But we continue to have good momentum in terms of distribution and just the overall and we see that continuing.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Zack, it's Eric. Just a couple comments on the medical trend going into next year. We're not providing the detailed guidance as we go into 2018 at this point in time, but would note that the underlying forces that have served us well in delivering this trend for a number of years fundamentally continue to work well and would expect them to continue to be in play as we look ahead to 2018. We always approach our future guidance and our future trend expectations based off of a number of factors, based on what we know about emerging technologies and changes in pharmaceuticals, et cetera, et cetera. And we'll factor that all into play when we provide our guidance for 2018. But the fundamental underlying effectiveness of our trends and such we would expect to continue as we go into next year.
