David Michael Cordani: Kevin, good morning; it's David. First, just at a macro level, we're quite pleased with the start of year, and just putting it into context, we set a pretty meaningful earnings growth goal for the organization for 2017 in the 12% to 18% range and we're quite pleased to start with this strength and raise that outlook to a 15% to 20% range. It's early in the year. We feel really good about the fundamentals from the revenue to the customer life growth, to the foundational aspects within the business, and look forward to a very good year. There's nothing beyond other than a strong start to the year, we feel quite good about raising the outlook, and it's early in the year, hence we think the raise is appropriate and for an (26:24) appropriate range.
David Michael Cordani: Josh, it's David. First, broadly relative to the PBM, our view relative to the services we need to deliver is that the broad-based pharmacy capabilities are one of the most critical capabilities to have an overall effective health service offering. To put your question back into context and be clear, today we own and fully operate our PBM and continue to. We partner where appropriate, and work to actively integrate our capabilities, and we're quite pleased with the outcomes we're delivering for the benefit of our customers, the service, the clinical quality. Eric just made reference to the sustained medical cost trend in the mid-single digit range, great value for our employer clients. And importantly, our approach to the integrated PBM presents even a further opportunity to integrate the information, the clinical program, the gap in care closure with our health care professionals. So own and operate, partner where appropriate, it's performing well and we're pleased. Lastly, in addition to the trend, I would note we've continued to successfully grow our PBM covered lives of our customer base pretty meaningfully and I think that's also a testament to the value we're delivering. So performing very well for us.
David Michael Cordani: Sure, Josh. Well, first and foremost, as we stepped into this process early on and we've set an extremely aggressive push for our organization to attempt to get all of the issues resolved before the prior year's Open Enrollment process, acknowledging that it was an extraordinary, at least short timeframe based on historical standards. Once that window eclipsed we set our sights toward, obviously, fully finishing the remediation work, which we're at the final aspects of. Point two is ensuring that we position ourselves to come out of this phase with an even stronger business unit, operating platform, and team and we're literally in the latter chapters of the body of work, ongoing dialogue, interaction with CMS as we speak. Lastly, just to reinforce, we're pleased with, while we don't like to shrink, we're pleased with the fact that our retention rates held up quite strongly through this process and I think that's a further validation and testament to the strength of the physician partnerships and collaboratives, with 85% of all of our MA lives in collaboratives and our very strong HealthSpring team that wakes up every day to serve our customers. So we're in the final chapter. We're having ongoing interaction and dialogue with CMS and we're planning for, in all aspects, to be in the fall enrollment cycle.
David Michael Cordani: Yeah, it's David. Thank you for the question. First and foremost, we're quite pleased with our customer growth coming into the year. We've set an objective for ourselves to grow in the 300,000 to 500,000 range and we're able to increase that outlook. First, broadly speaking, we've seen strong retention results, good new business adds and good expansion of relationships across all of our Commercial business segment. So quite important. Specific to the U.S. National Accounts, and as you know we define National Accounts as commercial employers with 5,000 or more employees that are multi-state. The employment base in that market has more stabilized now versus the continued 2% or so attrition, broadly speaking, as you look at the marketplace. We've had a great selling season coming into 2017, outstanding retention, good expansion, and good new business adds. I would add to the notion of our approach, that consultative approach is working quite well here in our National Account team, both our sales team, our client management team, aided by our informatics experts and our clinicians who've just done an outstanding job. Those employers are benefiting by our superior medical cost trend and it's working quite well in the market. The only add I would give you, A.J., is that we did see some further contributions to the National Account number off of some private exchange growth, as well, which is additive to this. I would say it's complementary but the foundation performed quite well. And then in our target go-deep markets and geographies, we saw some good growth on private exchange as well. So net-net, a strong Commercial performance.
David Michael Cordani: A.J., a bunch of questions there. Let me try to frame the environment as we see it. First, as you know, we've taken a very measured approach since the inception of the exchanges to this marketplace. We've been in a range of five to seven states and 2% to 4% of our enterprise revenue in these programs. We still have to engage here to learn and to evolve the programs we've put in place. And we've seen some successful recipes by using our highly performing collaborative models. Specific to your question, our growth is about where we expected it to be. The locations of our growth, the aggregate growth and our performance in the first quarter is about where we expected it to be as well. Relative to 2018, while it's already late in the cycle, unfortunately it's too early to declare because as you know, the evolving rules, regs and positioning coming out of Washington is still pretty dynamic and we're tracking it day-to-day and working with the federal government. So growth in line with our expectations. First quarter performance in line with our expectations. Highly focused in seven states today and highly focused through our collaborative relationships. Stay tuned for more relative to 2018 as the final fact set closes relative to the regulatory environment.
David Michael Cordani: Ralph, just framing it from a broad standpoint, our sales and client management team, supported by our underwriters, informatics and clinical team; we attempt to approach the market in terms of a solution orientation. So understanding the clients' needs; understanding their health burden; understanding their culture and strategy; understanding their readiness to change; recommend a series of programs: service, design, et cetera; and then engage with them on funding approach with a pretty agnostic orientation relative to ASO, ASO stop-loss experience-rated guaranteed cost. And that's one of our strengths. And you'll see ebbs and flows over time. Now we had good growth in all of our customer segments for 2017 thus far and good growth in all of our funding mechanisms. I wouldn't call out anything unique relative to experience-rated there. It's a part of our franchise that we've used over quite some time; and typically, that hunts well in the middle market. Lastly as I said to a prior call, we saw a little bit more uptick in the private exchange lives. They were split about 50-50; you could think about that between ASO and guaranteed cost on the National Account franchise. So, again, nothing to call out other than strong growth and leveraging the broad portfolio of funding mechanisms we have.
David Michael Cordani: Ralph, on the long-term we're looking forward. As we've discussed in the past, one of our M&A capital deployment priorities is to seek opportunities to expand, as we say our capabilities to serve Government-based high-risk programs over time. We believe the marketplace will continue to evolve to use more actively managed and collaborative-oriented programs relative to both state and federal programs that serve the higher-risk population. And over time, we see opportunities in a more localized manner to pursue those as we look to the future.
David Michael Cordani: Justin, it's David. Good morning. First and foremost, we're pleased with the performance. We saw a step up in Q3 of last year, Q4 we see strong performance in the first quarter this year with stable ongoing results on the Life side. The Disability results were a little stronger in the first quarter than even we had anticipated which is good. And we're pleased to take up the outlook for that line of business. As we look forward to the core of your question, we remain fully focused on completing all the bodies of work that are in front of us relative to stabilizing that business. And our expressed objective is that we step out of 2017 with the full strength of that organization as we look to 2018. That's our objective, and we're well on our way relative to that goal.
David Michael Cordani: Justin, relative to Monday's court review and decision, not helpful for us to speculate on the outcome or the timing of that. Clearly, we'll be in position to communicate as quickly as possible, and recognize the importance relative to that, but not helpful for us to speculate on the timing or the outcome there, but it's on the immediate horizon. To the core of your question, we would challenge ourself once there's open clarity to be as comprehensive and timely as possible for our shareholders to communicate next steps for our organization. And I would think you'd have confidence that we've always been both transparent and responsive and we would seek to be highly transparent and responsive as soon as the window opens to have that conversation.
David Michael Cordani: The way we would frame it, I'm not sure how you're applying the net gross et cetera. We would view that as the net number that our clients and customers experience and noting that the vast majority of our business is self-funded. That's the net number of what they're seeing. And of course, you used the term buy downs. Evolution of the benefit programs is obvious factored in and contemplated within that.
David Michael Cordani: Gary, David. Not helpful to try to put a pin point number on that. Most important piece, we remain fully focused, aligned and prepared for the Open Enrollment process for the fall cycle. Beyond that not helpful to expand further.
David Michael Cordani: Gary, it's David. First I compliment the efficiency of getting four questions in. Well done on your part. Specific to Monday, we're not going to expand further in terms of speculating the outcome relative to the court. We leave it to the courts to draw the conclusion, and we will communicate this immediately as quickly as possible after there's clarity in terms of next steps.
David Michael Cordani: Chris, it's David. As I indicated to a prior question relative to the outlook, first off, macro – we set a pretty meaningful increase relative to the franchise performance for 2017 as we stepped into the year. We're pleased to actually have such a strong quarter and be able to raise our outlook. There is nothing unique to call out. It's just early in the year, a variety of moving parts, and we look forward to continuing to deliver strength as we look forward. But there's nothing unique to call out relative to moving items within the Global Health Care business.
David Michael Cordani: Our organization's orientation is going to be as soon as sanctions are lifted, we're ready to roll. The team is anxious to get back into the marketplace. It's a very capable, prideful, passionate team that have the deep position partnerships, and everybody's ready to move as soon we're given the green light relative to CMS's conclusion. So if that happens prior to the Open Enrollment cycle, there'll be activation in the current year, et cetera. So we're ready to move.
David Michael Cordani: Peter, let me try to package the framework of your questions together and try to be responsive to all the items you raised. First and foremost, stepping back, most important headline, we're pleased with our outlook. Remember, we've set an expectation for ourselves to grow 300,000 to 500,000 lives, so we expect it to grow across our business. We had expectations to grow the Individual business. We had expectation to grow the Commercial business. We understood we would strengthen the Seniors business. That was contemplated within that. Within all of our businesses, we're essentially in line with expectations save for a little bit more strength in the National Accounts and a little bit more strength in the regional markets. So headline, we expect it to grow. We've grown. We've grown across all of our funding mechanisms, and by line of business or by segment, in line with expectations with a bit more strength in National Accounts, which is great, as well as the regional segment. Point two, you identified a bunch of risks. I maybe go to the end of your question and work my way back. As I discussed before, our approach has been for quite some time not to be in a position to sell products but rather to try to put in place a framework of solutions. So having the capabilities to do so is one thing, having the talent to do so is another thing, and having the information and infrastructure to support that is another thing. While our organization is far from perfect, we're sitting on a decade of investments to be able to deliver that, and our really talented team is able to be consultative in support of our clients and customers in the marketplace today and move the levers that best match those clients' needs relative to benefit design, engagement, incentive, network design, collaborative leverage, and then get the right funding mechanism in place. And the proof is in the pudding in terms of multiple years of lowest industry medical cost trend, last year below 4%. Targeted 4.5% to 5.5% for this your, performing in line with those expectations and moving forward. Now to try to come back to the core of your question, if you had to pin us down in terms of what would be the number one variable that sits in front of us right now, you still have to come back to the Individual market just because as an industry there's variability relative to that. I would remind you it remains less than 5% of overall revenue for our organization. We're focused in seven states. We exited three states coming into 2017 where we couldn't get the recipe we wanted in place, and the vast majority of what we're doing right now are aligned to the physician collaboratives and we performed, generally speaking, in line with our expectations for the first quarter. But there would be more variability in that than our other lines of business just because of the nature of that animal. But we're off to a start with the number of lives, the location of the lives, and the performance of those lives year-to-date, already.
David Michael Cordani: Well, Dave, remember first and foremost, if you take National Accounts, think about that marketplace as traditionally largely self-funded. So let's go back to the base frame. Outstanding retention year, so clients who are experiencing the service value proposition medical cost trend, et cetera, are pleased, therefore, staying with us. We could either drive innovation, changes, et cetera, but it starts with really strong retention. Second is earning the right to expand relationships with our existing corporate clients, either through adding new geographies for medical or further expanding the specialty solutions which is a cornerstone of our strategy, and then targeted new business adds. As I noted earlier, we've also been able to perform on some of the private exchanges. There we orient relative to our very targeted go-deep orientation on key geographies where we believe we have a differentiated value proposition from collaboratives or otherwise and target some opportunities there. So we feel quite good about the quality of the business that's been put in the books. Important to underscore though, this all starts with an outstanding retention result. Outstanding retention in National, regional and Select then further expansion, then targeted adds.
David Michael Cordani: Sarah, good morning, it's David. We obviously, we've always talked about our growth strategy being oriented around retain, expand, add, because again you have to deliver on your promise relative to your existing clients and customers to earn the right, first off, to keep the relationships, ideally to expand the relationships on the targeted basis, and then new business adds. We talk within our corporation around a culture and an environment of customer centricity, putting the customer in the center of all we do. I forget how many years ago it was. We started measuring Net Promoter Score on a global basis multiple years ago, feels like five years ago or so. We have it built into the incentive structure of the organization for everybody in the organization from me on down to anybody who's in a variable reward structure. And we think it's an important part. It's not the singular part, but it's an important part of understanding both relational NPS, that's the aggregate relationship, the loyalty factor et cetera. But then you have the ability to get really pinpointed as well in terms of transactional NPS. It helps you actually guide your business during the course of the year as opposed to waiting for the longer-tailed relational. So you want to look at both of those pieces of the equation. And lastly to further expand this, we carry that orientation beyond our customers to our clients and our key health care professional partners as well. Understanding that orientation of beyond satisfaction, loyalty effect, and where dissatisfiers are versus satisfiers and continuing your innovative evolution around that is mission-critical. So we've been committed to this for a long period of time, and it's one of the mechanisms we use around our customer-centricity focus.
David Michael Cordani: Sarah, I would think about it intermediate to long term. This is not a 12-month horizon item for us currently.
David Michael Cordani: Ana, a big picture, no is the answer. We don't see any disruption relative to that. So, yes, we expect the growth rate to sustain going-forward. And as you step back from it, having the – our belief that is then having the transparent funding mechanisms to better align ourselves with the employers, enables us to have daily, weekly, monthly interaction with the employers as opposed to an annual interaction relative to the performance. And then dynamically manage, engage in how the programs are operating. For the smaller side of the employer space, as you move down beyond National into the lower end of Middle Market and into Select, the stop-loss component adds a measure of certainty and predictably for the employers and it augments. We never viewed that the prior law with the tax was an accelerant. We don't view that the current proposed changes will be a decelerant, because we didn't see it as (57:42) push either way. It's an important toolset to have to be consultative and transparent with our employers, and we continue to see good growth there.
David Michael Cordani: Yeah, Ana, to your macro point, it's been a little choppy ride in terms of narratives and obviously state level there's 50 different narratives, 50 different dialogue points. First, stepping back, putting it back in context, historically, Cigna's not participated in, or focused on the under 50 employer segment. Our Select segment is focused on the needs for the under 250 life employer segment historically and typically in the 50 to 250 segment. There's a few states that actually moved that line from 50 to 100, and some modification to our approaches took place, but our growth hasn't been impacted. More broadly, to the core of your question, and from a state standpoint, as we interact at both the federal level and state level, we strongly believe that enablement of more choice versus restrictive regulation is critical, including in the small employer market. And enabling access to the innovative programs that are working more broadly in the employer market that have transparency, have the incentive, have the engagement capabilities are good for the employer, the customer and the health care professionals. And it varies by state, but we're seeing good understanding and acceptance of that; and very importantly, a lot of activation and support from the employer community itself wanting to amplify that dialogue. Because again it's their employees, their financing and their needs and they're seeing value there. So a dynamic environment and it will continue to be and we'll stay engaged. But for our Select segment, we see great growth opportunities looking forward.
David Michael Cordani: Michael, good morning. So we actually strongly agree with that. So the ability as we talk about to engage, incent and support Individual customers is critical to the way we think about our portfolio. I'll give you two illustrations, prior set, current set. Aiding our customers with highly transparent consumer friendly decision support tools around cost and quality, quite important to us. We've continued to evolve those tools and capabilities. We've been chosen by Consumer Reports and others as having the industry-leading tools relative to it, not just because of the data that's out there but the usability and the ability to influence decision-making. So that's kind of past current state. 2017, important launch for us. In the first quarter of 2017 we launched a new program and service that does exactly what you're describing. It's known as Cigna One Guide. It's a multichannel, multi-modal engagement capability that allows the direction that you just articulated but also has a learning dimension that's built into it with smart algorithms to provide next-best decision support, next-best recommendations. It also has the ability to integrate between the consumer or the individual with our service professionals and our clinical professionals. And we see the opportunity to integrate that further in our health care collaboratives going forward. So it's quite exciting. By order of magnitude and scale, we're already servicing 1.5 million customers. With that platform it'll rapidly ramp to over 5 million customers. So indicative of the journey we're on to the prior conversation relative to the customer NPS consumer centricity. These are just two examples of investments in customer-oriented capabilities to better engage and support them; and very importantly where possible, integrate them with the health care professionals so there could be a similar level of insights going forward. So expect to see more from us even on a go forward basis.
David Michael Cordani: Thank you, everyone. So just to wrap up our call, I'd like to highlight a few key points from our discussion. We began 2017 with strong momentum and have increased our outlook for the full year. We reported strong revenue growth with earnings growth across each of our business segments and strong customer growth. We remain committed to achieving our long-term average annual EPS growth rate of 10% to 13%. We're confident in our ability to deliver our increased 2017 outlook of 15% to 20% earnings growth, and we're further strengthened by our significant capital position and our capacity for meaningful capital deployment. Our efforts to improve the health and lives of our customers in the communities we work and live in and play in around the world are driven daily by the talented and dedicated Cigna team. And lastly, we thank you for joining our call today and we look forward to our future conversations. Have a great day.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Good morning, Kevin. It's Eric. As David noted for 2016 we did finish the trend at just under 4% and really see the categories within the medical cost trend from 2016 continuing into 2017 and generally the same ranges across each of inpatient, outpatient, physician and pharmacy. We're in the kind of low- to mid-single digits in each category, nothing that I'd call out as particularly changing through the early part of this year.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Ralph, it's Eric. I'll remind you, Medicaid's a small business for us. It is a small business for us. Essentially just the Dual SNP programs in Texas and the demonstration projects in Illinois. And as you noted, we did report an increase at Medicaid MCR in Texas and Illinois towards the tail end of last year and still a bit elevated in the first quarter this year. But, again, overall a small business for us. I would note that we do not plan to participate in the Illinois Medicaid market beyond the end of this year, so the exit of that business is contemplated in our outlook. The last thing I guess I'd add on the Medicaid business is that we did see some sequential improvement. Some of the actions we took out of the tail end of last year have started to have some traction in terms of improving the results, but again first quarter Medicaid loss ratio a little bit pressured versus first quarter of 2016. David'll give some color on the more macro framing.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Gary, it's Eric. No additional capital deployment or any expectations about future prior-year development in our guidance.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Dave, it's Eric. Yeah, we will complete our disability reserve study in the second quarter. However, we wouldn't expect any significant impact from reserve studies and nothing built into the guidance.
Eric Palmer - Cigna Corp.: Michael, it's Eric. I think the dimensions around that, I would say it's kind of near breakeven. Wouldn't characterize it as a major headwind or a tailwind in terms of the impact.
