David Cordani: Good morning. It’s David. Let me try to paint the picture on your various questions for both the Disability and Life piece. First, just to frame our group insurance business has been a strong and consistent performer. We recognize we’re having an audit pattern year. We understand that and as I noted in prepared remarks, we are taking specific steps to improve that. Let me talk about Disability first and then Life and I think I’ll put all your questions into that context. From the Disability standpoint, first, we made operating changes to our business processes. Very importantly, these are not systemic changes or changes in technology. These are business process changes starting at the first quarter of this year with a goal of improving our customer service, driving further efficiency and effectiveness over the long-term, all while complying with a merging regulatory best practices. It’s clear that the operational disruption is more significant and prolonged than we have planned for. Importantly, our customers continue to see good strong service. However, as we noted, the financials have suffered. We’re already seeing improvement in the patterns as we go through the second quarter. So we see the pattern improving and expect to continue to see that improve throughout 2016 and as we step into 2017. These are not catch-ups for prior year claims. Don’t think about it that way. It’s operational process changes of meaningful magnitude and we’re already seeing improvements to the pattern and we will see improvements throughout 2016 and into 2017. Relative to the Life book, your basic hypothesis is right, we have a meaningful book that over time has performed very well. Unfortunately, from time to time our Life book of business has a temporary dislocation or spike. And the second quarter of this year was one of those years. Order of magnitude, operating-wise in the quarter, about $45 million after-tax; it’s important to note that the claims did settle back, generally speaking, within historical patterns by the end of the second quarter. Additionally, as you’d expect, we conducted a variety of detailed analysis to see if there were any other unique causes to the pattern we saw a spike, and we found none. Also, as we noted, we completed reserve study in the second quarter, that resulted in a reserve strengthening of about $17 million after tax. So when you think about Life, taken together from an operating standpoint and from the reserve standpoint, altogether a little more than $60 million after tax. So net-net, clearly not happy with the results, we clearly believe they’re temporary. Life will recover more quickly for the reasons you stated and disability will continue to recover throughout the remaining portion of 2016 and into 2017. As to the latter part of your question, you could think about the current year change in the outlook. It’s split roughly 50-50 between the two lines of business.
David Cordani: Matthew, a way to think about that is, as you change the processes, and as I noted in my prepared remarks, more upfront and broader medical reviews, what you have is essentially, we’ve triggered a temporary environment of longer claim durations and higher inventory, which we will work down throughout the residual part of this year as I noted. And we’re already starting to see improvement relative to that.
David Cordani: Yes, Matthew, relative to the CMS audit, our team continues to work to resolve the issues and to drive the sustainable operational improvements that are necessary. As per timing, as you might frame there is three variety of alternatives here. We can get it remediated and validated before AEP, Annual Enrollment Period. We can get it remediated and validated during the cycle, or thoroughly we can get it remediated and validated after the cycle. Our team clearly understands the importance of that, but our broader objective here is to ensure that we successfully remediate all the issues and create a sustainable environment on a go-forward basis. And we will manage the next several months to make sure we’re within the right position.
David Cordani: Justin, good morning, your former conclusion is proper. We believe that the Life results will return to historical patterns and the Disability results, we continue to start seeing improvement throughout the second quarter and it will continue throughout the course of the year. Long term, we believe the - both the growth and earnings and margin profile of the business remain intact. We have work to do to establish that. And we will do that in the second-half of this year with a positive trajectory and continue that trajectory into 2017.
David Cordani: Yes. Justin, first and foremost just to make sure, we are clear on your first part of your initial question. I want to underscore this is an operational problem in disability, not fundamentally a pricing problem for us relative to the book of business. Hence if you, bring it across to your margin question, I think, a way to think about it is this arguably presents the single largest earnings step up opportunity for us, as we step from 2016 to 2017. So if you think about the headwinds and tailwinds, this is our number one tailwind. We expect to see meaningful improvement. We’re not going to give you 2017 guidance at this point in time but away punctually that is as I noted in my prepared remarks, we expect to see the life business recover more rapidly. We expect to see the disability business continue to improve its performance throughout 2016 and into 2017. So for that, I would ask you to think about an ongoing improvement trajectory for the disability of portfolio flow through the second-half of this year, as well as into 2017. Giving us a good run rate, as we step out of 2017 into 2018.
David Cordani: Sure. So first and foremost, we have a long and clear track record of strong capital deployment and capital management. And it’s part of that. We understand the importance of not letting surplus capital lie idle for any length of time. Our priorities remain clear and the same for supporting our business. Second strategic M&A and third returning excess capital to shareholders. To your point, we fully recognize the tremendous both capital as in free cash flow, as well as capital through balance sheet leverage flexibility we built over the last several years. In the event, taking your statement that the DOJ process is not successful. Our view is that as we look towards the second-half in later part of 2017, we would have $5 billion, a bit more than $5 billion of deployable cash plus a balance sheet. In the current situation, it sits at about 27% leverage. Our view is that normal course of business, we could add 10 points to that leverage. For strategic M&A, we could add 15 points to that leverage. So taking together truly tremendous value creation opportunity for shareholders in the event the DOJ process is not successful. We fully understand that and would expect to responsibly deploy that.
David Cordani: Good morning Josh. Very fair. So we’ll take in a reverse order. Let’s take life first. If you look at the life industry, players in the life industry unfortunately, it’s the nature of the book of business will experience short-term temporary spikes or dislocations in cost. It transpires ideally, we like that not to happen, because you want consistent predictable environment. So to add to your point, as we noted that spike to a place in the early portion of the second quarter and as I noted in my prepared remarks and my comments, we saw a reversion of the life pattern within historical ranges towards the later part of the quarter. Secondly, we did a significant analysis to try to determine whether or not there were any unique drivers of that, as you would expect. And we didn’t find any, and thirdly, there was a reserve study which was triggered a $70 million after tax strengthening, a way of looking at it otherwise it only triggered in a $70 million after tax strengthening. Specifically, disability you’re right, we flagged this last quarter. Their operating changes that we put in places we noted, the results step down meaningfully in the first quarter, as I noted in my prepared remarks. We’ve already seen progress in the second quarter relative to the improvement albeit any slower pace than we would like or projected. And we expect to continue to see that progress going forward and that offset ultimately the longer claim durations in the insurance rates that we’re incurring currently as well as the elevated claim inventory. So important to know, we are seeing improvement in the disability results through the second quarter and expect that pattern to continue throughout the remaining portion of this year and into 2017.
David Cordani: Yes. Maybe let me try to - I did say that but I was looking at kind of where we are intra-year versus a full year. When you look at the full year pattern, I think it’s a little safer to look at that is a two-third, one-third, because of the recovery pattern of the life being more rapid versus the disability pattern. What we have intra-quarter, I mean, it’s a good $60 million delta in for quarter, but you have the two-thirds in the disability side and the one-third in the life over the course of the full year.
David Cordani: Hey, Josh. I will start on the CMS piece, and I’ll frame a little bit of the Individual, and then ask Tom to time to enhance that piece. First and foremost relative to our MA book of business. The fundamentals of the MA book of business continued to perform well. Very important and we’re pleased with the performance both the service performance as well as the overall earnings performance of the book. You’re correct, our cost of remediation is grown, we are seeking to ensure that the remediation is both completed is rapidly as possible, but also as comprehensively as possible. And it’s unfortunately the case when you are doing a variety of complex bodies of work sometimes they are more complicated. Our number one priority, though, is to get this issue fully remediated and create the sustainable platform for the growth in the ongoing performance we expect for many years to come. So ultimately what transpired is more complexity to the work, necessary to build sustainability that we want for the growth profile, we see over the long term. But the operations in the day today fundamentals of the earnings performance to the base book of business continued to be strong. As relates to the Individual book of business, I last time to talked about the financials, but as you recall with continued to take a very focused and disciplined view to the marketplace primarily because we viewed from day one, the 2014, 2015, and 2016 would be, as we call it Version 1.0 of the marketplace, underscored by a smaller aggregate size and we initially projected, we call it a little bit of a choppy operating environment for the new marketplace as well as we projected for the industry to have more loses than not. And in hindsight, that’s demonstrating itself. So I will ask Tom to describe a little bit about the financial impact for us.
David Cordani: A.J., Thank you, yes, we are really pleased with our medical trend results and we continue to build an very strong trend result we reported for several years as you pointed out with industry leading medical cost trends. Since most of our commercial customers are in self-funded arrangements and you recall they directly benefit from this well-managed medical trend. Our outlook has remained consistent this year with a full year trend outlook of 4.5% to 5.5% range decided. And that is in line with our 5% trend we reported in 2015, so consistent result. So overall, we’re expecting to deliver another year of competitively strong medical trends and that reflects our focus on engaging customers in healthcare professionals to improve quality and affordability of care. And I wouldn’t really call out any specific major changes in the underlying components.
David Cordani: A.J., yes. But so you’re absolutely correct in my prepared remarks. So I indicate that we briefly step back we wanted to make sure we understood the fact statements from the DOJ and that states quite well and deeply and understand that. The bad aspect of it means we were fully engaged, continue to be fully engaged in the process. We both support our contractual obligations as we have provided. So but to continue on that dialogue to be clear as we noted, Anthem has been running the regulatory process which is consistent with the contract. Anthem independently decided to pursue the lawsuit with the DOJ, as such we are party of that suit. We will take the appropriate steps obviously, to protect the interest of our shareholders, which includes ongoing evaluation and monitoring more options as they unfold. But we are fully engaged in the process as you noted. And we should think about that, but it’s a dynamic process right. There is no static process season life and this is not a static process, but we’re fully engaged.
David Cordani: Follow up with that. I mean, much of our short-term disability business is so oriented, but we’ll follow up with you exactly.
David Cordani: Gary it’s David. Again, we’re not providing 2017 guidance. We have expectations for ourselves to dramatically improve the result as we step into 2017. We think, we have the opportunity to obviously to see the life results revert to historical patterns more rapidly and the disability pattern will continue to improve overtime. I don’t want to validate your numbers again, because we’re not providing 2017 guidance, but as I mentioned to Justin, this represents the largest contributor or largest tailwind. And as when we step from 2016 to 2017 and we hold ourselves to the higher expectation to achieve those numbers a better.
David Cordani: Gary, at a macro level the picture you carry is I think, directionally correct. Just stepping back and add to that. So more resources, clinical resources, specialties and other wise, added to the front end of the processes to enable more comprehensive reviews than even was being done before, over long-term enhances, further enhances customer experience, further enhances the efficiency of the overall process. And it is aligned with emerging regulatory best practices for the space. Over the immediate term, the description is some of the effect that you may reference to. And we are rapidly working to improve those results, day in, week in, month in, month out.
David Cordani: Gary, the - we don’t parse in terms of which of the deployment components we would prioritized moving leverage up or down for, other than as I noted in the prior comments, strategic M&A enables your from our point of view to temporarily expand leverage at even further. I think your broader point and to reiterate, we recognize that is there is in unsuccessful DOJ process, as you go into the latter part of 2017, we would have ordered magnitude $5 billion or $5 billion plus of deployable cash. A current environment of leverage situation of approximately 27% in the ability to add at least 10 points to that in the various scenarios we identified. And share repurchase would be a part of the calculus we would be looking to. Net-net under a variety of scenarios the opportunity to create significant shareholder value off of both the cash-on-hand and leverage capabilities.
David Cordani: Hey, Kevin, good morning. This is David. So broadly speaking our team has done an outstanding job of ensuring we first and foremost are delivering on our promises to our existing customers, which is job one, hence, our client and customer retention levels have been very strong, and we are pleased and proud with that. Second, we expected as we announced this deal that given the long regulatory timeframe we anticipated that over that timeframe as it continued to extend, it may cause a bit lower traction on new-new business. And I say new-new purpose, because in between that is new business off of existing relationships. So point one is our retention has been strong and outstanding due to great service deliver by the franchise, and high attention, and then support from our customers and clients, and we obviously work very hard for that every day. Two, we’ve been able to successfully expand relationships throughout our various lines of business. And three, we have been able to grow new relationships. Net-net, our covered lives are up and our portfolio penetration is up. We have seen some impact of a little lower close ratio in some situations where some clients want to weighted out, but I would say that’s the smallest portion of the overall equation. When you put a bow around the whole package, we are pleased to have achieved our revenue outlook thus far for the year and is aided by that very strong retention rate in the strong expansion relationships.
David Cordani: So Kevin, let me just make sure I understood your hypothesis for starters. A way to think about 2016 is we started the year with good covered life growth for MA mid- to upper- single-digits. And we expect that to flatten out throughout the course of the year due to the non-ongoing enrollment and disenrollment pattern that would unfold. Therefore, under your hypothesis, if we are not active in any dimensions of the annual enrollment period, obviously we wouldn’t be picking up the new lives and you’d have attrition throughout the course of the year. And I would actually think about it is that - attrition throughout the course of the year, not attrition in any one might - obviously the annual enrollment period is an important marker that would manifest itself. So we’ve seen continued attrition throughout the course of the year coming more to a flat result at the end of 2016, in terms of net life growth, and there would be arguably stated a similar pattern overall for 2017 in the event of your scenario, but we wouldn’t be starting with step-up point that we started up for 1-1-2016.
David Cordani: I think, first and foremost your normal kind of pattern of assumptions is more direct. Secondly, our retention rate in this portfolio tends to be quite strong, especially when we have relationships that are onboard for over one year in our MA book of business. Those relationships become very well established with our physician collaborative model and have a high retention, and we would expect to carry a very strong retention rate in, but your notion relative to not having the new business would be an offset. I wouldn’t view any unique event would transpire beyond that.
David Cordani: Relative to the regulatory question. First, we have a very differentiated disability model, despite the earnings issues we’re confronting in 2016. Like all of our businesses, they all come under a variety of regulatory forces. Relative to the disability space, specifically emerging best practices are pointing towards more. While we always have had upfront medical resources. For example, emerging best practices are pointing towards more upfront resources, more user specialists, more comprehensive physical examinations upfront for a broader variety of scenarios. And those are illustrative of the types of changes we are putting in place, as we see where the regulatory direction is going. And we want to ensure that we continue to position this book of business as an industry leader, as it relates to the disability management process and the disability productivity management process. So those are illustrative of some of the right type of emerging regulatory patterns.
David Cordani: Sure. Ralph, so we carry the flexibilities. You asked a broader question on capital deployment. You asked relative to share repurchase. Let me take the other dimension of it. Under the merger agreement, we have the ability to be active from an M&A standpoint. There are mutual limits going in both directions. The mutual limits point toward in aggregate over the life of the contract $600 million and a transaction cap of $200 million. So transactions up to $200 million and cumulative transactions up to $600 million, that mutual going in both directions, relative to share repurchase, there are also limits in both directions specific to us we have about $725 million of capacity left under those contractual obligations. At this point in time, again with the transaction pending we view it as less likely that would be the significant share repurchase over the immediate term horizon. But we do have the capacity to do so under the merger agreement and as I noted, approximately, $725 million of remaining capacity.
David Cordani: Andy, good morning. It’s David. So as for the results just for your context as we noted we continue to experience losses within elevated impact in certain markets. Important to know, we have seen the performance of what we look at as our newest offerings as being markedly better than the traditional offerings that we had placed in the market and many have in the market. So those new offerings are aided or driven by very focused and aligned collaborative delivery system models. And those are performing better. As well as in 2017, you’re right. First and foremost at this point we plan for and expect to continue to participate. We’ve taken posture to position ourselves in a limited number of new markets, where we have the ability to put in place those aligned collaborative delivery system models. And also relative to the disruption we’re seeing from a results standpoint, we continue to have active engagement and dialogue with both CMS and state agencies to ensure that we are mutually enabled to be focus on those areas and programs, where we could address this sustained value which really are pivoting of those collaborative delivery system models. We would expect to improve our performance year over year, but this is a volatile marketplace which is why we kept it is a relatively speaking small portion of our portfolio.
David Cordani: Christine, good morning. It’s David. So as they indicated, as we put these process changes in place to be clear and obviously we expect the net result of it to be on improved outcome. Half of a book of business that has generally and consistently delivered industrial-leading productivity and financial performance in part for some of the hypothesis you make reference to, to make sure we’re more pinpointed, even more shortly pinpointed in terms of the disability events. The result though of changing the processes, the staffing, the workflows etcetera has resulted in the temporary disruption. Not one that we like and that is more prolonged than we have planned for. But the outcome and result will be improved customer experience and improved overall efficiency and effectiveness. And that’s what your comments point toward. So we are fully aligned with that.
David Cordani: Christine, a different way of thinking about it is, if you think about a multi-location significant workflow change, staffing model change, operating protocol change. What’s transpiring is in your question your base hypothesis of where the engagement destination is right, but in the interim, what’s happening is actually in some cases more people on disability or longer duration disability events which are temporary until, we work through and finalize the process enhancements. And as I noted, we’re already seeing improvements in those patterns in the second quarter, albeit not at the rate and pace we would like them to be and expect to continue to see that improvement pattern Q3, Q4, Q1 as we go forward.
David Cordani: Christine, that isn’t a factor at all. So underlying the MCR, our focus on physician engagement continues to deliver exactly the results we’d expect - quality and affordable care to Medicare Advantage customers. So the sanctions have not had an impact. The quarter-over-quarter impact is two major factors. First, there’s less favorable impact from prior year development - from favorable prior year development, so we had significant favorable prior year development last year de minimis amount of prior year development this year. Second, we are seeing some impact from the growth in the recent market expansions, and those markets, when we first did launch a market, tend to run at a higher MCR than our established markets, so that’s somewhat shown up as a little bit of an increase in the quarter-over-quarter comparison. But underlying the results, so excluding the prior year, our Medicare advantage business results in the MCR are very consistent with our expectations.
David Cordani: Good morning, Scott. We expect to see M&A opportunities as we go forward in the marketplace. So as you recall first broadly, one of our priorities for M&A has been and continues to be seniors and MA in a broader sense of the word. We are not aware of any impediment in any way, shape or form correlating the sanctions to our ability to be active from an M&A standpoint even in the current period.
David Cordani: Yes, so, Chris, I don’t think it’s helpful to reconcile in detail. But a way to think about it is, and we tried to be very clear both in the press release and our comments today, you could think about, as we step from the first quarter results to this quarter, taking everything into consideration for the impact of the Disability business and the Life business, we noted a $0.90 change for the full-year to our EPS outlook. And to the prior comments, we indicated - you could think about that as approximately driven by two-thirds of the Disability portfolio and one-third by the Life portfolio.
David Cordani: We have not provided segment outlook for you. But as we stepped into the year, our expectations stepped down from start of the year through the first quarter. We knew we had operational changes. And as I noted in my prepared remarks, it is clear that the magnitude of the impact and the timeframe to remediate is longer. So we understood we are putting those processes in place. We believe we made provisions for that. But the impact is, order of magnitude is significant to that. So I think the, A, understanding, we knew we’re making the process changes; B, put some provisions forward for that. But at the end of the day, the most important part for you to think about is that $0.90 impact for the year as we sit today, with the majority of that and two-thirds of that were specifically being driven by disability.
David Cordani: Good morning. It’s David. So, first and foremost, the core MA business, absent the step-uping cost for the MA sanctions activity is performing well; two, as we look to 2017, to the core of your question, we would expect to improve margins, in part driven by the run-off or absence of the sanction costs; and three, maybe broadly inferring your questions, we continue to look at this as attractive in both growth and earnings segment, from the ability to both grow it and have attractive margins over time, as we leverage the proven physician engagement models we have.
David Cordani: Yes, Ana, thank you. First just to define for everybody’s benefit, when we talk Select segment for our company, this is for employers with 51 to 250 employees, so the over 50 marketplace. We have focused on bringing innovative, transparent, both engagement and incentive-based models. And over time, our results here have been tremendous, not just from a growth standpoint, earnings standpoint, but from the value we deliver back to those employers and employees by having those aligned models. As for results, we yet grown again this year, our customer base and the pattern, at least on a year-to-date basis, is similar to last year’s pattern. And to core of your question, we continue to see this as an attractive growth market as employers in that space continue to look more aggressively toward alternatives that again are transparent and aligned and these programs are performing well and we’re excited and optimistic about the future for this business.
David Cordani: Well, Ana, we’re seeing pressure both in the on-exchange ACA compliance and the off-exchange ACA compliance.
David Cordani: Expect both, meaning our assumption for the remaining part of the year, yes. And as we noted before those programs that have the most advanced models with the physician lines collaborative are performing better. And our expectation is to position as many markets as we’re going to be in with those models into 2017.
David Cordani: Peter, good morning. It’s David. As we noted, our employer healthcare business and our global supplement or our global individual business continues to perform very well. Obviously, that performance was eclipsed by the items you made reference to. So as you’re looking for offsets or the positive forces, the positive forces come out of those two large well-performing businesses with the offsets that you made reference to.
David Cordani: Peter, I’d ask you to think about, every business has seasonality patterns that will capture them. So for example, in the employer healthcare business, we always have an uptick in spending in the latter part of the year to prepare for 1-1 activities and enrollment activities et cetera. That’s illustration of moment of seasonal patterns in the book of business. The MORs tends to perform differently because of the high deductibility plans et cetera.
David Cordani: Peter, obviously, a very important point you raised. We’re quite cognizant of the timing of the decision criteria, et cetera. And our team is poised to be able to dynamically manage that as the next 30 day window unfolds in front of us and we’re prepared to make whatever trade up decisions we need to make as our final judgment around the enrollment cycle unfold.
David Cordani: I’m not going to comment or speculate on CMS’s conclusion. Most important piece is we are 100% focused on fully remediating and getting the validation as quickly as possible so we can put ourselves in a sustainable position. Obviously, we’ll update you as soon as we have clarity and conclusions at our final step there.
David Cordani: I’m not disclosing at this point in time. As we noted, we expect as we look forward for 2017, we have margin improvement opportunities in the Medicare book of business, in part driven by the removal of the remediation costs. And then we’ll talk further as the year unfolds relative to 2017 guidance more comprehensively.
David Cordani: Tom, it’s David. Broadly speaking, we’ve been quite pleased over elongated period of times for both the intersection of the service and productivity service delivery provide the clients and customers. The ongoing growth of that portfolio of business in very difficult economic times, low interest rates, low employment or growth rates, et cetera, and a tremendous margin level, our strategic objective has been to maintain margins in line with our historic performance and continue to grow that book in that portfolio. These investments will put us in position to continue to further improve the customer experience, as I note before, be aligned emerging regulator best practices and be in position to, again, achieve those margins on a long-term basis.
David Cordani: I think that’s a good way of thinking about it. And as we think about infrastructure as I noted before, this is not a technology program, it’s a workflow and human capital program.
David Cordani: So to be clear, we operated about 27% today, low based on historic levels, low based on our goals and objectives. Okay, we see the ability to raise that 10 points where I’ll call it ordinary course of business and illustratively 15 points for strategic M&A.
David Cordani: Sarah, good morning, it’s David. Broadly speaking, you should think about the vast majority of the cost and resources for purposes of annual enrollment period as largely being variable. So if you’re putting them in buckets, nothing has ever hit 100%. But you should think about them as largely variable. Two, as noted by prior callers, the timeframe is rapidly coming up on us to make final decisions relative to ramping and staging. That’s both beneficial that is not a cliff decision in terms of your structure, that’s the variability aligned with the longitude of dial-up and dial-down. And we would expect to be confronting some focused decisions over the near-term 30-plus-day window and how we focus on that.
David Cordani: Sarah, historically, we prioritized Medicaid below certain other segments, so seniors or Medicare, expanding our global footprint, expanding our retails capabilities as examples. We have a view that over time that the Medicare marketplace would continue to move more toward, we’ll use the broad term, managed Medicaid, programs within States to focus on high-risk populations where we believe we have the opportunity to create differentiated value through physician collaborative or clinical models, et cetera. And we believe over time that will continue to present opportunities, be it organically or inorganically. So as a subset of the Medicaid world as it allows where we believe we could actually differentiated values through either clinical engagement, physician engagement or both.
David Cordani: Dave, I’d think of the prior-year this way. And so in the quarter we had about the same level of favorable prior-year development in our commercial employer business this year and last year, but we have reductions in both individual and Medicare and that resulted in an overall de minimis amount for the entire company.
David Cordani: Thank you. So just briefly to conclude our call, I’d like to highlight some key points. Cigna’s second quarter results reflected solid revenue and earnings contributions from a Global Healthcare and Global Supplemental Benefits business, and a disappointing financial performance in our Group Disability & Life segment, reflective of short-term challenges that will improve. The 40,000 outstanding members of the Cigna team around the globe work diligently every day to fulfill our mission of improving the health, well-being, and sense of security of the people we serve. And we will seek to continue to effectively operate our business, guided by our strategic framework to create sustained value for our customers, clients and shareholders. Again, we thank you for joining our call today.
Thomas McCarthy: Josh, you are right, Individual is a small component of our business unfortunately sometimes it has more impact and we’d like, particularly, it just sticking about the MCR, in fact this year quarter-over-quarter it explains most of the variability in our Commercial MCR, so small business, but shows up in some metrics that we don’t like. And if we think about the revised outlook for the year, I’m not going to give specifics, but let’s say there’s big chunks of both driving that maybe 50-50 somewhat in that range.
Thomas McCarthy: A little more than that, I mean, that is disclosed - but that all those details are disclosed in the step supplement. Now if you’re suggesting that, gee, how can it have that much of an impact. If you do the math, it actually can have that much of an impact.
Thomas McCarthy: So Ralph, it’s Tom. I will address the reserve study dynamics first. So we completed this quarter with a life reserve study and that study covers in fact claim development factors interest rate assumptions, all the normal things you look at life businesses. What we highlighted last quarter was that we’re deferring a disability claims study to later in the year given the changes in the visibility claims process. And in fact, we haven’t completed that study. We still are completing it - expecting to complete it in last half of the year. And of course, we won’t know the results of that study until it’s completed. But I would just observe to maybe get to the heart of your question, that given the current environment any significant impact from that study one way or the other seems unlikely.
Thomas McCarthy: So Andy, its Tom. You’ve got couple dynamics going in there. First, we are spending more than we expected on CMS audit remediation costs. And the total spend in the second quarter was about - or year-to-date was about $30 million, at second quarter it was about $30 million after tax. So that kind of gives you an order of magnitude of the size of the total spend we’re talking about. So we haven’t mentioned exactly the overall outlook for the year. But you can - based on that spend, you can expect a sizeable amount. Some of that probably does end up back in the run rate and at least in the near term as we institute more robust processes. But much of that is one-time spend to get us to the remediation period. And I don’t think, we’ve seen any significant impact on our bid related to that dynamic.
Thomas McCarthy: Scott, I don’t think, we are going to give specific details, but you can rest assured it’s going to have a negative sign in front of it.
Thomas McCarthy: Well, Dave, actually individual is included, but so is our broader employer business. So in the overall scheme of things individual is a smaller contribution to the trend result. And as I said, when this came up earlier, we really don’t see any significant changes in the underlying trend factor in the components.
Christine Arnold: Hey, I’m still confused on the disability situation. I’m just not a disability expert. I would think that if you are doing more upfront examinations and medical specialist intervention, you’d find people who really aren’t qualified for the disability benefit, maybe the fakers and the frauders. So how - I don’t understand how the upfront medical management improvement is actually resulting in an increase in disability claims.
Christine Arnold: So the fact that we have all these specialists reviewing means that for those that are legitimate they are on disability longer because we are spending more time with them, but I don’t see how that reverses.
Christine Arnold: Okay. And then the government loss ratio was up year-over-year kind of more than consensus and certainly what we expected. Is that because of the sanctions? Are we experiencing maybe a higher loss ratio, because we are not getting in the healthier MA numbers? How do I think about that, what appears to be an elevated government loss ratio? Thank you.
Peter Costa: Thanks. Help me with my math here a little bit. I think you talked about the Life business having $62 million in charges in the quarter. So that got like $0.24 and then Disability, you said $0.60 for the year. So if it’s going to improve through the year it’s at least $0.21 this quarter. And then, CMS you described is about a $0.12 problem, so all told, little over $0.60 in pressure this quarter. You only missed consensus by about $0.40. Was there some business, that outperformed in the quarter or did we just have the seasonal pattern wrong and so we missed your expectations by a much bigger amount, and then like accounting the individual business, which would have also impacted the quarter.
Peter Costa: And then, that would imply that there is some further negatives going on in the back-half of the year in those businesses or something you should - unless the numbers were wrong relative to before as well.
Peter Costa: Which is theoretically was already accounted for, I understand that. But I’m trying to figure out if there is something incrementally negative in the back part of the year in those other businesses that wasn’t laid out.
