David M. Cordani: Matthew, it's David. First, as you frame the Medicare book of business, we have started -- when you think about our seniors portfolio, on which I want to go back to the HealthSpring model, is based on a model that the reimbursement structure with the vast majority of the physicians are actually tightly correlated to Medicare reimbursements. So the alignment there is very tight. That enables us to be able to flex the model as we go forward in any movement in Medicare reimbursement, point one. Point two, as you know, we have a range with any of our outlook and guidance. And point three is you should look that the range of our outlook and guidance contemplates any reasonable movement from a sequestration standpoint in 2013.
David M. Cordani: Matthew, it's David again. In a macro level, I would say no change in overall market conditions, patterns and otherwise. And just to elaborate on that a bit, as we've talked on the past, our view is that the marketplace is an appropriately competitive marketplace, and we've seen no major change in pattern. I would underscore, we continue to see a high demand from employer clients for the more transparent products, health, wellness and incentive-based programs and products. That bodes well for us. But from the overall macro environment, be it ASO or risk, no major change in posture or pattern in the marketplace.
David M. Cordani: Josh, it's David. First, as you frame MA and the MA outlook, as you know from an MA standpoint, the legacy HealthSpring model is predominantly focused on -- or solely focused on the individual MA portfolio of businesses. Two, we're pleased with the early enrollment data and early enrollment success we've had. I mean, we'd expect to see, in the early part of the year, enrollment in the 5% to 6% range and, over the course of the year, an overall enrollment pattern of approximately 10%. And we're pleased with that, both in terms of the overall number, as well as the geographic pattern. To the second part of your question, that you're indicating growth to the 45-day notice, there's nothing that we would expect based on our knowledge of that. On a retrospective basis, that is, I'll call it, disturbing or bothersome to our expectations for 2013. And we expect it to obviously lay out a set of expectations and assumptions for the 2014 bidding process, which, as you know, will be upon us in the near term. So good movement in overall membership outlook and enrollment for 2013, both in terms of aggregate, as well as geographic concentration. And I would say early insights relative to the 45-day notice, no surprises for '13 or early indications for '14.
David M. Cordani: Yes, Josh -- sure, Josh. I appreciate the question, but I don't think it's helpful to speculate on that. As you very well know and as the market knows, we have an inordinate amount of moving parts as a country relative to the overall programs, and I don't think it's healthy to speculate at this point in time. Stepping back from a Cigna's standpoint, as I mentioned to Matthew's prior question, the core of the HealthSpring model is a tightly aligned reimbursement structure and then a shared value-creation model with the physician community for the benefit of individuals. And we continue to believe that any movement in the marketplace, based on changes in regulation or reimbursement, we will be very well positioned to compete on a relative basis in our chosen markets.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Josh. Just directionally, and to the core of your question, as you know in the way you asked the question, is the final specific regs are not punctuated. So we stepped back and we've made some assumptions and estimates, as I would believe others are doing, and using the directional guidance of the conclusions that were made for the commercial market. Taking that as a backdrop, we have a very strong performing book of business. We've taken steps, as Ralph noted in his prepared comments, in a market-by-market basis, to step forward in 2013 to prepare for the implementation of those loss-ratio thresholds in 2014. And while we're not going to go through market-by-market or our benefit strategies, you should think, in general, our approach was been to enrich -- further enriching the benefits for the benefit of our customers in those market in 2013 that we think is going to bode well for us in '13 and beyond.
David M. Cordani: Christine, it's David. First, to reiterate and then to answer your specific business practice, the most important message is that the underlying margins year-over-year, '13 relative to '12, are expected to be essentially equal. So now we're dealing with a reconciliation of the way we're going to be reporting and talking about MCRs in '13 versus '12. Specific to your question around business practices, think about a meaningful direction in change in terms of how we would be handling go-to-market cost around broker and intermediary commissions and the like as a moving part in the way the calculation takes place but a 0 impact to the underlying margin. So that's why the headline here was the underlying margins, as we've demonstrated over the past couple of years, consistent, strong and disciplined execution. There's moving parts as we change the way we go to market and the way we recognize. In this case, the biggest moving part here you should think about is commissions and related selling expenses, dealing with intermediaries...
David M. Cordani: Yes. Again, a change in how we're handling that on a go-forward basis. But the conclusion, hopefully, you're drawing here is that no fundamental underlying change in the quality of the business, the quality of the underwriting, the quality of the earnings and, therefore, the margins.
David M. Cordani: Christine, it's David. So broadly, just to reinforce your conclusion, we don't have an under-50 life of block of business that's going to be disrupted. We have a de minimis individual block of business from a disruption standpoint. As you look forward and you roll forward reform, you identify, for example, a small piece in the grand scheme of things, so several hundred million dollars of revenue in residual contributions that goes from that. You should expect us, though, to continue to innovate off the base of those capabilities, so we're able to offer and be responsive to employers who are looking for additional solutions. I'd say the macro level, given the size of the franchise we're operating, you should view that as something we should be able to manage in the day-to-day operations as a corporation, and you should view that the disruption, as we step into 2014, is manageable, fully contemplated in the range of the outlook we gave you, both in terms of revenue growth and earnings growth, which I would note is another year of positive underlying earnings growth for the company.
David M. Cordani: A lot of change in '14. But as we talked about, net-net, the change in disruption in the marketplace, we see as creating more opportunity than disruption for us. So no, I don't think you should be.
David M. Cordani: Scott, it's David. First, relative to the Select segment, which again for grounding, think about employers with 51 to 250 employees. Two, very importantly, we're a bit agnostic in terms of our go-to-market approach, in terms of the funding solutions employer takes, and that's a strength for us. We're able to sit with an employer through consultative selling and offer them a variety of means of financing their benefits, whether it'd be an ASO program, a shared-return program or a risk program. And that's a fundamental underlying strength of ours. And we built a business model that we could thrive under either scenarios, of a risk scenario or an ASO scenario. Specific to your question on ASO, you should think about, directionally, a little bit in excess of half of our new business sales being in that category. So what that reinforces for you is that there's still a thriving, rich block of business, but a bit greater than 50% of our sales, and ramping is in the ASO space. And then finally, we see that as a preferred mechanism to align the transparency between ourselves and a client and the client and their employee around the incentives, around the way in which money is spent, around the way in which clinical quality and care is improved on a go-forward basis. So net-net, about 50% of it from an ASO standpoint. But we see it thriving, both risk business, as well as ASO business, as we look into the future.
David M. Cordani: Scott, it's David. First, to the second part of your question drawing back, the PBM continues to be a well-run and highly performing asset for us, and it continues to be a very important part of what we'll call our health improvement and health engagement strategy. We've been able to prove that we can grow it. We were able to grow it in part in terms of both the segments and the type of employers we're focused on where more integrated solution makes sense. We could demonstrate that total value of what we're able to service for them. It's superior versus an alternative. So number one, we like the underlying performance of the asset. And to your point, we've been able to demonstrate a positive growth trajectory off of that. As it relates to the first part of your question, we decided to step back, as you know, given the acquisition of HealthSpring and the significant scale, increased opportunity that presents, to make sure we understand all opportunities for running this asset on a go-forward basis. And I've been very consistent to say that the right timeframe to make a decision for that is in the first half of the given year, so in the first half of the year we're in. So you're in position for the ensuing years' selling cycle. And I would say, broadly speaking, we're on track for that.
David M. Cordani: Carl, it's David. So again, just to be very specific to your question, when you ask a question in terms of all the way, I wouldn't want you to conclude that we're telling you that we have the perfection of execution, that every aspect of the business is perfectly positioned for 2014. Stepping back from that, we took a decisive step to position market-by-market. In aggregate, you should think about that loss ratio as being a responsive loss ratio to be compliant in 2014. And then pragmatically, you should think about, probably, some tweaks in 2014 market-by-market based upon the underlying performance of those markets in 2013 as we think about our bidding cycle, so significant step forward. In aggregate, the book of businesses is appropriately positioned. But given the mix of the business and the underlying performance in 2013, you should expect us to continue to make tweaks of that as we go into 2014.
David M. Cordani: David, it's David. I would say yes and no. So are we seeing an increase in demand and interest in terms of self-funded and fully transparent programs and services? Yes. No, I would not say we've seen a correlation to employer's interest in it tied around changes in premium tax and the like. The primary driver we see is that employers see that transparency as an opportunity to align the incentives, to understand how their significant investment is performing, to be in a position to make changes throughout the course of the year, to be in position to communicate more effectively with their employees and align incentives. And that's really where we think the power is. So yes, from a demand and trajectory standpoint; no, as a corollary to the premium tax movement.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Dave. Several different questions, let me see if I could package an answer around it. You ended with the term narrow networks, so I actually want to pick up from that, because philosophically, we don't think about it, our go-to-market strategy, as narrow networks. We think about a body of evidence around the highest-performing, highest-value networks, and we believe there's a significant opportunity to position those for the benefit of clients and customers, just as -- just a philosophical orientation. To your very specific question, one, as I noted in my prepared comments, we're approaching 1 million members or 1 million customers that are already in either the Collaborative Accountable Care relationships or the more sophisticated HealthSpring model in relationships, so we feel great about that. Two, I appreciate your recollection of strategic objective is to have 100 Collaboratives up and running in 2014, and we're well on our way to that direction. The way I'd ask you to think about it, broadly, your rightful question in terms of lives and targets, our more macro objective is that we expect to have approximately 80% of all of our U.S. customers in a performance-based reimbursement model as we step out of '14 and into '15, right? Collaboratives will be a piece of that, but using performance-based reimbursement. Because philosophically, we believe that rewarding physicians in integrated health care system based upon quality and value of outcome versus volume is the way of the future, and there's a variety of way to get those performance-oriented systems to be operating. And that's the key for us for our organization on a go-forward basis. Lastly, specifically, to your HealthSpring question, you're correct. We've split up some Commercial alternatives off of their very successful MA structure. And I would say early indications are positive, but it's early in the trajectory. We have some large cases we've carved into those delivery systems and are seeing early traction already. So early indications are positive, but it's just early in the cycle.
David M. Cordani: Justin, it's David. Maybe -- what I'd like to do is address '14 more at a bit more of a macro level than in individual line of business, and feel free with follow-up questions to keep pushing. But obviously, we're not giving 2014 guidance. I appreciate the desire to understand the underlying economic for '14. And two, by way of a backdrop, we've been able to demonstrate meaningful both operating earnings growth and EPS growth. As we sit here today, to be very clear, we would expect to grow both underlying earnings and EPS in 2014 for the franchise, and I think that's the most important headline as you think about the underlying earnings power of Cigna stepping into 2014.
David M. Cordani: Justin, it's David. First, if you think about the ASO stop loss proposition, first, by way of backdrop, historically, this has been a proposition that has thrived in what is known commonly in our industry as the bread-and-butter middle market. And systematically, think about it as having come down market through 500 life employers, 400 life employers, 300 life employers. Specific to Cigna in your question, think about the bulk of our success down market is being in that 100 to 250 life employer space, but the ability to go below that. That's point one. Point two to your question, we've not laid out -- so you haven't missed it. We've not laid out a -- I'll call it, a medical trend sensitivity that says with the following medical trend sensitivity, this is what you should expect from a stop loss standpoint. Because I think it would be an inappropriate indicator. There's a variety of different products, programs and services that make up a broad pool of stop loss. And as we've been able to demonstrate, we've been able to run that portfolio of businesses very successfully. And we've been able to demonstrate we've been able to deliver on or exceed our medical trend outlook as a franchise to each of the last 3 years. So I would suggest to you that I can't answer that specific question the way you asked it. But broadly speaking, know that, that is a very well-run block of business at a modest movement in medical cost trend, think 1 point, think 100, 150 basis points in a given year, you should not think of having a shock impact on that book of business the way it operates.
David M. Cordani: Justin, I have a good memory, but time's a blur. If I think back over the last 3 or 4 years, we have not talked about stop losses other than a very strong growth and earnings driver for the corporation. So if I think over the last 3, 4 or 5 years, I do not have a ready example for that. And I think it's indicative of -- we have a dedicated business unit. We have a dedicated segment focus. We have dedicated product distribution, business expertise that's oriented around this. It is a complex product to manage, which is why we have dedicated expertise around it, and we've been able to prove sustained strong performance. Justin it's also important to note, as I indicated to your prior question, we don't view it as a one-size-fits-all solution. So we don't believe that an ASO stop loss solution configured in the right way is going to work for an employer. We're not going to push that, because that's a lose for us and it's a lose for them. We'll present an alternative solution. So I can't give you a timeframe or an issue to your question.
David M. Cordani: Chris, it's David. To your question and you oriented on the Disability and Life, as you orient to in our focused strategy, we've been focused on the Disability portion of that business as a point of differentiation. We're able to offer good value proposition from a Life standpoint. If you step back and you think about Disability, just about every disability is correlated up against some medical issue. So there are synergies there for sure. We're able to offer an integrated value proposition to employers to both reduce the volume of short-term disabilities and decrease the duration of disabilities by more actively managing and actively coordinating care for individuals with physicians over time. So there are, indeed, synergies. Over time, it's been a very well-performing block of business for us. We've been very clear in these current market conditions. These current market conditions are very challenging for that line of business and for the industry. And even within that environment, we've been able to deliver very good value proposition for our clients and customers. And I would suggest a reasonable return, given the low-wage growth environment, the unemployment environment and the sustained low interest rate environment. There is an impact on the returns for the reserves. So at this point, we continue to be very pleased with the business. We recognize that it is not growing. That's not lost on us. We continue to invest in it to make sure the capabilities are differentiated, and we have expectations over the intermediate term to have it return to an attractive growth rate on the bottom line, as well as the top line.
David M. Cordani: Sarah, it's David. I give you 2 points. One is we positioned last year, stepping into 2012, used the term reversion to the mean. We had indicated that the overall utilization level was below historical standards. And without multiple years of track record to reinforce why, we took a little bit of a conservative posture stepping into 2012 that we felt was prudent. And as you see, our medical cost trend unfolded somewhat favorably, as you noted. Some of that same posture is being taken for 2013 as well, just given the environment we're operating in. Ralph commented on the flu. We see some early indications of that, obviously, in the fourth quarter, and therefore, some caution as we step into the first quarter of this year. The last point I would give you though, which is very important and it's unique to our book of business, with 85% of our customers being ASO, think about those customers being self-funded or ASO. Seeing both their existing medical cost spend in trend and us using that to consult with them to project their 2013 medical cost in trend. Secondly, even within the risk book of business, on average, our case sizes are a bit larger. We're not in the under-50 pool block of business. So in many cases, clients are actually seeing a subset of their overall medical cost performance as well. Point being is there's a lot of transparency case-by-case as we're converting this in the marketplace. But to your broad point, there is a bit of underlying assumption of a little bit of a reversion to the mean. And if that doesn't transpire, we'll obviously be communicating that with you quarter in, quarter out as we go forward.
David M. Cordani: So Sarah, I'm going to take your question maybe in reverse order. We've been able to demonstrate in the marketplace that our total cost proposition as it relates to the pharmacy is fully competitive. So you should think about our aggregate cost proposition, in terms of units, severity or mix and cost per unit as it couples together. You should think about our pharmacy value proposition being fully competitive in the market. And it's best reinforced by the fact that we're growing it and we're growing it profitably, and we're growing it and growing it profitably in a variety of segments. Now having said that, is there an opportunity to further improve that overall cost equation? There's always opportunities for further improvement, and that's why we're pinpointing to see are there meaningful opportunities that we could take a step forward in terms of moving forward on. As it relates to the cost proposition, it's important to note that when we think about PBM or pharmacy, we think about the -- I'll call it, the oral prescription, and then the fastest-growing category being the injectables. As you very well know, the injectables show up in a variety of places. A small amount typically shows up in the PBM or pharmacy line, and the majority of it shows up in the professional and outpatient services line. That's an important part of the equation. Stepping back to pharmacy, think about -- of the total medical cost spend, think about that being somewhat greater than 10% and somewhere less than 20% of the overall cost equation, depending on how you're slicing and dicing within there.
David M. Cordani: Ralph, it's David. Picking up on the second part of your second question, and it correlates to the capital deployment. First, our funding strategy has not changed. We're earmarking approximately $200 million to $250 million per year pretax, and you should think about that as $150 million, $160 million after tax per year on a go-forward basis, which is well greater than any minimums that we need to fund into the overall program. That bridges across to your question around capital deployment strategy and, specifically, dividends. First, to start that conversation, as Ralph noted in his prepared remarks, we continue to have a very attractive outlook for 2013, $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion available for deployment, in addition to that, $400 million to $500 million at the parent company level. So we have very good starting point. Our strategy has not changed in terms of deployment priorities. And as it relates to dividend and the overall decision in terms of how to best deploy it, that's a dynamic process that we continue to consider throughout the course of the year. But we have an outstanding starting point as we step into the year to make those decisions.
David M. Cordani: In closing, let me just emphasize a few points from today's conversation, most notably 2012 was another strong year for Cigna. We exceeded our growth and earnings expectations, reflecting contributions from each of our ongoing businesses, particularly in our Global Health business. It's evidenced by our high customer retention rate, continued expansion of those relationships and ongoing success winning new relationships, whether they are with employers, individuals or government entities. As we look forward and assess this transforming global economy and regulatory environment, we see significant opportunities for continued innovation and growth, driven by our differentiators of customer insights, collaborative selling, and best-in-class physician engagement. We continue to have a strong balance sheet and solid financial flexibility, which was further enhanced this week by our agreement with Berkshire Hathaway to effectively exit our VADBe and GMIB businesses. Based on the momentum we are carrying into 2013, we're confident about achieving our full year 2013 strategic, financial and operating goals. Thank you for joining us on the call and your continued interest in Cigna, and we look forward to continuing our dialogue as we go into 2013.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Kevin, it's Ralph. I guess first, overall, back on the guidance, feel very good about the growth that we're showing here and the range we provided, and again, just want to reinforce from the remarks David and I both made about our confidence in delivering those. Yet relative to where we were at Investor Day with the prior look, I think the way you should look at this is, first, across all the businesses, the fundamentals and the momentum that we're carrying out of 2012 into 2013 remains unchanged. So I think -- underlying that. Now when you look at the reporting side of it, I think -- first, let me focus particularly on international, which is where we had the biggest change, effectively, we had 2 high-performing businesses within our previous International segment, the global HL&A business, which we now see separated in their segment reporting, and then our global health benefits business, primarily focused on expatriates, is now part of our Global Health Care business. Both of those businesses are growing very nicely. As you could see in our outlook, for the Global Supplemental Benefits business, we're projecting strong double-digit top line growth and bottom line growth in the 8% to 22%, actually, on the Supplemental business. And then the solid growth of the Global Health Care -- the global health benefits business that's part of Health Care also is contributing solid growth. It just gets muted a little bit now because it's a smaller piece of that larger segment. But I think the key takeaways should be the fundamentals on both of those businesses remain very strong as we now report them separately within the 2 segments.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Kevin, couple of cost questions sort of in there. Let me talk about the overall year first and then come back to the trend itself. It's -- whether thinking about it sequentially as you asked. First, overall, we came in well in line with our expectations and feel good about the overall medical cost trend and the medical care ratio on the year that was reported. And now I'm really speaking to the guaranteed cost book of business on the commercial side, to focus it. So as we entered the fourth quarter of the year, we did see us come in at the lower end of the range, essentially on the full year, again, in line with our expectations. The -- sequentially, what we saw was some -- quarter over -- I'm sorry, so sequential increase, primarily due to: one, the seasonal nature of the business where we have high deductible plans; and then secondly, we did have some impact in the fourth quarter for elevated level of flu-related costs this season, which we appropriately reserved for in the quarter. So we feel good about the overall trend. The sequential trend that we saw going from Q3 to Q4 was in line with our expectations, and we've effectively accounted for some of the uptick in utilization, particularly as it relates to the flu.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Christine, it's Ralph, a couple of things I want to highlight. First, as been noted in my remarks, we continue to price to our underlying expected medical costs. And as a result, our Commercial risk margins are expected to be essentially consistent with 2012. Now I also noted in my remarks that there's some moving parts in here that I think you have -- to be considered. One, there is the absence of favorable prior year development, because we don't include prior year development in any outlooks. Also, I alluded to some shifts in business mix, as well as some changes in some of our business practices, all which, while it don't affect our risk margins per se, do have a impact on the reported MCR going into 2013 versus 2012.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Chris, it's Ralph. No, we haven't disclosed it by segment. We do -- we did provide it, and you heard it in my remarks, on the overall franchise, with our outlook being between 8% and 12%. And that's consistent with what we discussed when we had our Investor Day.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Directionally, what we've said in the past, and I think it fits well within there, is on the -- going -- at least going into '13, on the Commercial side of the business, into the mid to high single-digit growth; in seniors, mid to upper teens. I think importantly, I just want to point out there, in '13, there is an extra month of the HealthSpring business in our results. The mid to upper teens on seniors; and then in the Global Supplemental Benefits business, you could think about that in the low-20s; and then within group, in the mid-single digits.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Sarah, it's Ralph. First, as we look into next year, and as I mentioned in my remarks, 6% to 7% was the trend outlook, which is a step up from what we experienced now in 2012, which was a little below 5.5%. You can think of that as really an uptick in utilization. And inclusive in that is, in our expectation, particularly in the first quarter of the year, that we're going to continue to see elevated claims related to the flu, but that's within our trend of 6% to 7%, so higher utilization versus '12 inclusive of some experience on the flu that we'll see in the first quarter.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Ralph, it's Ralph. Just regarding the pension, in terms of our unfunded liability, that actually came down as we move towards year end, driven by the return to the portfolio relative to our assumptions. So we exceeded that. We also funded around, as we've done in prior years, about $170 million after tax of contributions into the pension plan, but offset by a lowering of our discount rate assumption, which you'll see in our 10-K coming up later this month, to be 3.5%. So when you put all those together, our unfunded liability moved down to about $1.6 billion at the end of the year.
