Eric Palmer: Yes Josh, it is Eric. Just to start we provided some growth rates and expectations back at our Investor Day earlier this year. The international businesses. Overall, we would expect to grow in the 8% to 10% top line and a little bit better than that bottom line on a sustained basis. So 9% to 11% earnings across that portfolio. So we think it is a really attractive set of capabilities and there are markets where we are well positioned to operate in and good connectivity between the international businesses back to our U.S. businesses so an important part of the portfolio overall. In total, we continue to see good visibility to driving an enterprise growth rate 6% to 8%, both at the top line and bottom line. So the international markets business is actually faster growing part of the portfolio and an important one for us to build on. David, maybe you can add some other comments.
Eric Palmer: Gary, it is Eric. As you recall we provided a roll forward of the full-year of Health Services earnings back at our Investor Day and kind of on that basis, the way I would have you think about it would be for the first half of 2019, earnings were down in the mid-single digits on a comparable basis for the first half of 2018. After you make all of the adjustments for re-segmentation and the like, and for the back half of 2019 we expect the earnings to be up in the mid to high single-digits on a comparable basis. But, so if you pull those pieces together and that gets to the result that we have consistently guided to for the segment overall, over the course of the year in which we tightening that this earnings release to $5.075 billion to $5.175 billion.
Eric Palmer: Justin, it is Eric. Just one other thing I would add. I would note that we expect that the fourth quarter of 2019 will be the final period where we will report transitioning client as that transition and client activity that activity will wrap up this year. So as we get into 2020 it will just be the Health Services segment that will reflect the dynamics, David just described.
Eric Palmer: Charles, it is Eric. We provided some detail back at our Investor Day in terms of the cash flow from operations we expected in 2019, 2020 and 2021. And I would say, we have increased our view on 2019 as I noted in my prepared remarks. 2020 view remains generally consistent, we expect to generate about $7 billion of cash from operations. The bulk of that will go to deleveraging, as I noted again in my prepared remarks that is our top capital deployment priority. We will have some capacity for repurchase and we will provide more color on that as we get into the year.
Eric Palmer: Maybe just a couple of things I would note Steve, I think that there is growth in terms of the business dynamics David just described as well as all our role in helping to manage our customers and clients costs and we get rewarded for the effective job that we do there as well. Specifically there have been a different drug launches, both in terms of new therapies that have come into the year this year that drive that and this just increasing use of therapies that we provide through credo and alike, so that is been a bit of the driver. And then on top of that is new alternatives like generics for some of the specialty therapies or biosimilars come online, there will be more opportunity for the credo capabilities in the future as well.
Eric Palmer: Hey Whit it is Eric. Express Scripts announced an initiative back in 2017 aimed at reducing costs and improving efficiency in light of the transition clients and like. That should have continued, and have managed along with our integration and that is working to drive the organization broadly to the improved levels of effectiveness and efficiency. It is been managed in conjunction with our ongoing integration work and so it is again it does continue largely on-track in terms of the major milestones that Express Scripts had outlined to make sure that the costs to support the ongoing business, we are consistent with the expectations and at a really competitive level.
Eric Palmer: Totally separate, it is probably a bit too extreme of a separation, but we do think of EBI as separate from the synergies that are deal related. And so both of those are working to drive costs out of the organization and get us to a really competitive effective and efficient operation.
Eric Palmer: Ricky its Eric. So, on the transition in clients on the transition. We would expect that to ramp up at the end of the year at this point. So you heard me correctly that the fourth quarter will be the last period that we would expect to report that as a separate item. So we would expect the transition out to be wrapped up at the end of the year here. As it relates to the transition in and moving to the Express platform, really no update here in terms of the specifics. Much earlier this year, we announced that we had reached an agreement on the transition agreement associated with the services that they were fulfilling for the Cigna pharmacy that transition began in July. David noted in his prepared remarks are underway now. We would expect that the full-annualized benefit of that being on the Express platform will come through by the end of 2020. But we haven't broken out any further detail in terms of the specific cadence there.
Eric Palmer: Ricky. Nothing I would call out unusual there. I think it would be just the normal kind of waiting pace of claims cost and how they come in. Overall, we tightened the range for the full-year, we had a good track record here and driving to a really attractive loss ratios, so again nothing that I would call out is anything beyond the normal items that could drive variability up or down in the in the quarter.
Eric Palmer: Steve, it is Eric. A couple of different dynamics there. So first of all just to be clear, the figures David talked about for 2020 excludes any future share repurchase, but includes the other operations that we would expect in terms of the effect of what we have done this year, the rate and pace of our deleveraging, et cetera, but it excludes any future share repurchase or any other acquisitions or things along those lines on that base. So that is the dynamic. In terms of the second part of your question. On the synergy components broadly we are on-track for the synergy path that we have talked about, the $600 million that we have outlined over the course of the first four years, we continue to execute against that and continue to see those as reasonable markers in terms of the gold that we will achieve, the rate and pace of investments and such will always vary as we manage the business, but again at the macro level Steve would be on-track for that.
Eric Palmer: Dave, it is Eric, I will start. As it relates to the growth over the balance of the year, couple of things I would note. First we are up over 200,000 customers now versus where we were at the end of third quarter 2018. So to accomplish our full-year goal, we just need to keep the same pace as what we delivered in 2018. As you might know, in the Select segment, the lower end of the middle market segment that is really a year round selling cycle. I mean, so we would expect opportunity to drive to and through our goal over the course of the fourth quarter here, just by executing in the same way that we have over the last number of years. So I think about that as having good visibility in terms of trajectory and such there. David, I don’t know if you want to provide some additional commentary more broadly on the selling seasons.
Eric Palmer: Yes Frank it is Eric. On Texas Medicaid, just a couple of things to put out there for you. First of all, you are correct, we received notice earlier this week that our role in that contract will wind down next year. Just to put it in context, it represents about $900 million of revenue, but really a de-minims contribution to earnings. The timeframe in 2020 means I will have order of magnitude maybe a $300 million earnings decline year-on-year and less than a penny. I'm sorry, $300 million of revenue decline in the year and like less than a penny of earnings per share. So very immaterial. We are reviewing our options related to the potential to protest and haven't made a decision on that at this point, but very manageable under the scheme of things overall.
David Cordani: Josh, I appreciate the way you frame the question. As it relates to the second part of your question, the synergies. A couple of things I would ask you to think about, One is, as you know, the vast majority of employer clients we serve our multinational, even the smallest of employers tend to have a multinational footprint within the global mobile population as we think about it. A significant portion of their individual care still takes place in the United States, whether it is returning to the United States for care or needing high advanced care where people travel in United States and then within that a significant portion of the overall care equation ties not only to medical care but pharmaceutical care, so we see that leverage piece of the equation. Secondly, overtime, we continue to see demand outside the United States with our employer clients of all our pharmacy solutions, the same dialog exists around whole person specifically around stress and depression and coordinated care programs. And then lastly, when you think about the global supplemental benefit business while it might be surprising, some of the informatics we have innovated in the United States around AI predictive indicators, predictive modeling, some of the seeds of that originated from outside the United States where we used the logic in the capabilities. But for our sales process, we took some of that framework in to the United States to leverage in the individual business. So we still continue to see both the attractive growth as Eric articulated and synergies, whether it is a multinational needs, the care delivery or a lot of the Informatics and insights going forward.
David Cordani: Josh, I would use the word they are an important part of our portfolio. They are a growing part of our portfolio and they contribute meaningfully to the organization.
David Cordani: Good morning Scott, it is David. I think as we have had the conversation in the past around the regulatory framework tied around PBM or pharmacy more broadly, bring it back to the main point which is affordability the market is speaking better value and a big part of better value is more affordability. We expect to continue to see an evolving regulatory environment, but equally or more important, a more accelerated evolving innovation environment and that is what we are driving towards. So we are pleased that we have continued to deliver an outstanding pharmacy trend, clinical results, et cetera. We are driving innovations that orients around affordability like the patient assurance program that I represented where we kind of lift the financial burden and create predictability for insulin dependent diabetics at $25 for 30 day supply and then new innovations like Embark to step into the high cost gene therapies in the like. So I would bring the conversation back to affordability and it is something that we continue to drive and use innovation toward and we will continue to engage constructively with regulatory bodies around how innovation can to drive better value from a societal standpoint.
David Cordani: Justin, good morning. I appreciate the question, a lot of moving parts. Let me start qualitatively and see if Eric wants' to add additionally to the point. First big picture as Eric noted, we are quite pleased with the results we are delivering in 2020 in-line with our expectations an important inflection point for the third quarter as expected. Secondly, as we noted in prepared remarks very attractive growth outlook for next year. Now to the core of your question. Multiple moving parts next year, big picture, earnings will grow next year, scripts will grow next year, revenue will grow next year. The pattern will more normalize as you articulated, because your reference is correct. Our supply chain activities were more front end loaded from actions and therefore a back end loaded this year from contributions, next year that will smooth out. I would ask you to consider a few additional items as well as we move forward through the business cycle our synergies will continue to ramp. As we move forward through our business cycle as well, the stranded overhead will ramp down where our objective is to have all the stranded overhead removed by the end of 2012. Resulting in zero stranded overhead as we step into 2021. So I would ask you to think about those moving parts. The big picture comparator you are using I think is right, but you need to add those additional moving parts of ramping synergies and then ultimately removing all the stranded overhead by the end of 2020.
David Cordani: Good morning, I appreciate the question. First, as we get through the end of the fiscal year and step through the fourth quarter call, we will look forward to providing additional color relative to 2020, but we are excited with the strength of this year and the ability to have such a strong outlook for next year. Specific to your question, consistently, we do not factor in two items to our forward-looking guidance or projections. First and foremost is what you articulate unless we indicate otherwise, we do not project capital deployment on a go-forward basis, and we will roll and provide that to you from that standpoint. I'm going to ask Eric, to give you a little color on how the cash flow and the capital deployment that we walk through at Investor Day is oriented around 2019, 2020 and then 2021. Secondly, to remind you we also do not project prior year reserve development as part of our outlook from that standpoint. So your logic is correct, those two items would be excluded from anything we articulate on a forward-looking basis and we true that up quarter-to-quarter. Eric, maybe a little color on the cash flow and the capital deployment.
David Cordani: Hey, good morning. It is David, your recollection from our Investor Day is correct. Our intermediate to long-term outlook is 10% to 15% customer growth for that business portfolio and at Investor Day we noted as the transition you are going 2020 we expected it to be at the lower end of that range. As I noted in my prepared remarks, we expect at least 10% growth. To the first part of your question, we are quite pleased in terms of the positioning of our offerings in our key markets, both our core offerings meaning individual HMO offerings as well as our new offerings are individual PPO offerings as it relates to the benefit design in the overall price point positioning. Secondly market feedback has been quite positive and third while early, early volume indicators are positive and tracking well from that standpoint. On a final note, as I referenced in my prepared remarks that is also aided by a really strong stars positioning this year and we have visibility to even a further step up from 77% which will carry into 2020, to 85% greater than four in 2021. Differentiated NPS of about 70 on average across our business portfolio, and then our physician relationships that our value based. Specific to Medicaid, as you know from prior conversations, we have historically had a lower level priority on that versus other growth platforms. We continue to believe that over time, as states grapple with both the clinical burden and the health challenges as well as affordability challenges Medicaid programs will continue to evolve. our state sponsored programs will continue to evolve and be sub-segmented in terms of either value based on risk-based high comprehensive programs and we see that as an attractive intermediate term opportunity for the organization, none of that is factored into our current outlook, that is an additional growth platform opportunity for us as we look to the future.
David Cordani: Steve. Good morning. It is David, let me start and I will ask Eric to add. First, we are quite pleased. I think the headline is we are quite pleased with both the positioning, the ongoing innovation, strength of our Credo asset. And just stepping back, putting it into context that business is a trusted pharmacy business as specialty care providers, specialty pharmaceutical manufacturers look to an organization that has the experience of coordinating the complex care and services that are necessary. The clinical programs up to and including 600 home health care professionals that visit our patients and help to coordinate the care and services. And lastly, as you may recall from prior conversations that organization is broken down in excess of 15 subspecialty organizations given the uniqueness of what is there. The growth profile is generated from obviously additional script volume for our - we will call it more captive business but also just organic growth that exists outside of our captive business. Whether it is ESI captive, or Cigna captive business, which is a validation of the quality of services. Additional therapies are coming in-line as well and I will ask Eric to provide a little bit more color on what is driving the growth.
David Cordani: Good morning. It is David to the first part of your question, big picture, you have it right, the 16/40, we remain committed to the 10% to 13% and your math kind of squares that range from that standpoint and for your comments excludes prior year reserve development, as we always would and/or capital deployment. To the second part of your question, I appreciate your optimism, come back, first and foremost. We are delighted in such a dynamic environment to have put that goal and objective out, which is a significant compounded EPS over a long period of time. Think of jumping out of 2017 after tax reform from an 2018 forward of 2015 mid teens CAGAR over a multi-year period of time. We are delighted with that. I appreciate your notion relative to the range. We will look forward to further updates as we go forward and as Eric and I both noted the visibility we have and the commitment we have to deliver on that $20 to $21. And at least $8.5 billion of cash flow from operations, we are delighted with it at this point in time.
David Cordani: Kevin, its David. Pick up on your last phraseology only 13, but appreciate the tone of your question in the framing. So let me step back, if you think about our commitment to our shareholders and we walk through comprehensively at Investor Day the framework. The 10% to 13% essentially orients around 6% to 8% from the organic operations and 4% to 5% from effective capital deployment. If you think about that implied guidance direction that we provided, we are providing the same direction, which means that there is an underlying organic performance of 6$ to 8% within our expectations in the 4% to 5% from capital deployment, given that we have chosen to deploy our capital to effectuate the transformative transaction that 4% to 5% contribution largely comes through the effect of capturing synergies step up next year and the effects of deleveraging, through is some rounding relative to the share repurchase from that standpoint. It is the initial range and direction we are providing and we will look forward to providing additional context as we step through the fourth quarter call. So I think your logic stream is right by attaching the capital deployment. But again, ask you to think about that for 2018 as being driven by the effects of the deleveraging and the effects of the synergy capture, which are a direct result of prior capital deployment. Net, net we are in-line with our long-term sustained results and we will have a full-year track record of delivering that level or greater from that standpoint.
David Cordani: Lance, it is David, good morning. So within the integrated medical business as I noted my prepared remarks, 2018 was our 10th consecutive year of organic growth. The growth as you articulate you referenced one of the driving forces there, sustain attractive growth in the select segment, we continue to see sustained attractive growth in the middle market segment for overall portfolio. Stepping in 2020, we would expect that to continue. The mixes of funding mechanisms as you know, but just to remind the audience, we continue to offer a diverse portfolio of funding options to our clients and we see variability in any given point in time in terms of the clients opt for more guaranteed cost, more shared funding or shared returns or more ASO or ASO stop loss and we see that Flex overtime. In 2018 we saw a bit more of the guaranteed cost of phenomenon play through and we are very comfortable with that also to remind you that our overall earnings profile per customer is similar between guaranteed cost and self-funded because of the nature of our portfolio of businesses from that standpoint. So stay tuned for more for 2020. I think the headline is continued growth, continued trends in the select segment, continued strength in the middle market segment.
David Cordani: To your thought process, first you are correct. Retention remained strong across the portfolio for 2019. We saw a little lower performance within our national commercial employer segment. Think about those as commercial employers a 5,000 or more employees that are multistate and a little low performance at the higher end of the middle market range. So the largest within the middle market, in aggregate still continue to grow. Also remind you that as we get to those largest clients, they tend to be the less penetrated or a lower level of specialty penetration in terms of the profile, as such you see, even though the medical customer growth came down a tad this year, earnings strength remains from that standpoint. And then we should expect that same trend to continue into 2020, we expect 2020 to be another strong retention year, strong growth in the select segment in the core of the middle market with varied performance at the highest end where there is thinner penetration.
David Cordani: Matthew good morning its David. At the broader sense, consistent a prior comment. Employers are seeking two fundamental needs, improved affordability to create the balance and sustainability of the programs that generates improved health and productivity present to you as an engagement of the co-workers. So they are working with all the levers to drive that. To a statement you made and I think a little bit more broadly from CDHP, it depends on where the employer is in their cost-sharing arrangement, but for some employers they have concluded that they pushed, I would say to the outer limits of cost sharing and some employers are actually stepping back from that a little changing their contribution strategies by wage level to try to get the alignment with the employees as a percent of the discretionary income as opposed to a flat percentage. Third, I would suggest that employers are much more actively engaged in programs around what we call whole person health putting the mind, body together taking depression stress management behavioral services and driving them more integrated in because the data would show that there high corollary to not only medical issues, but productivity present here and then overall sustainability from that standpoint. And then open to more innovation relative to care delivery mechanism. So the interest in virtual care delivery to get more personalization efficiency and affordability, as well as extending the care equation, whether it is through the employer of the home or otherwise, those trends continue. So, you are theme is on absolutely, but it varies by employer and it varies by lever they are seeking to push and our portfolio of assets lines up very well to that need set.
David Cordani: George, good morning, it is David. First and foremost, broadly speaking, we continue to be very pleased with the pharmacy trend or the overall result we are delivering for our clients and customers and continue to build off the strength there both in the core pharmacy operations as well as a very important in specialty pharmacy operations. At this point we are not providing detailed guidance as it relates to underlying pricing trend or brand trend or otherwise from that standpoint. We will challenge ourselves to provide additional visibility as we get into the fourth quarter call in more detail outlook from that standpoint. But I think the most important part of the answer is that we are confident we are going to grow our health services portfolio, revenue, scripts and earnings next year. We feel very positive about our ability to deliver differentiated trend, clinical performance and service results next year and manage the dynamics of the inflationary environment and the mix of inflationary environment between generic brand and specialty pharmaceuticals. And we will look forward to trying to provide more guidance as we step into 2020.
David Cordani: It is David, I will take granular question. One, on litigation and I will ask Eric to take out random question number two on Medicaid. Specifically your dates are correct, the final trial is slated for later in the month of November. We continue to feel very strongly about our case and look forward to a successful resolution from that outcome and to remind you we have nothing factored into our capital outlook relative to our recovery of that break fee. Eric, I will ask you to address Medicaid
David Cordani: Thank you. Just to briefly wrap up our call, I would like to highlight some key points for today. We are very pleased with our third quarter results, which reflects continued momentum across our businesses, including earnings growth for Health Services and Integrated Medical business and strong retention of expansion of our customer relationships, as well as significant ongoing operating cash flow generation and capital deployment. Relative to our combination with Express Scripts, we continue to make very good progress and we are delivering a number of meaningful benefits for our customers, patients, clients and shareholders. Looking ahead to our initial outlook for 2020, we expect attractive EPS growth next year and expect to grow earnings per share 10% to 13% in-line with our long-term EPS growth expectations. And for 2021, we remain on-track to deliver our $20, $21 EPS goal as well as cash flow from operations of at least $8.5 billion. We thank you for joining our call today and look forward to our future discussions.
