David Cordani: Good morning, A.J., it's David. So first and foremost, stepping back, we're pleased with the relationship and the ability to partner with a proven organization that has a nice growth track record. Two, you think about the work taking place collaboratively in phases, with the first phase of well underway working through and successfully securing approvals and contracts with building momentum, whereby we will put in place with Village, capabilities such that we could enable more targeted access to preferred or higher-performing specialists within the Cigna Healthcare Life portfolio and the direct serve portfolio of our relationships as Phase 1 and expand some of the capabilities to coordinate care, whether it's expansion of virtual capabilities, expansion of behavioral capabilities or otherwise. There's a second phase of work, so the innovation will continue, whereby we work with Village to codify and build some new products that have exclusivity relative to their proven physician leadership and physician-directed programs that have even a more targeted value proposition not just for the benefit of Cigna Healthcare on the benefit side, but offered for the benefit of health plans we serve in a broader sense and for Village. One of the wonderful parts of the way the relationship is built through leveraging the Evernorth capabilities, we'll be building a lot of the shared savings together with Village. And as such, be able to benefit from those shared savings through our Evernorth program.  So to recap, good momentum already, good collaboration already, good progress already. You're right, we don't market as a significant revenue or earnings driver in 2023 for us, but we will see progress in 2023, especially through the second half of the year and a building contributor in 2024, and we look forward to providing you more of an update as we look to 2024.
David Cordani: Sure, Gary. A lot in there. Let me try to address the points, all important points, and I appreciate your question. First and foremost, to be clear, our strategy remains consistent. Our preferred approach on the core medical fulfillment of care is to partner and enable. I'll come back to that. As we've discussed before, there are parts of the healthcare delivery or service fulfillment equation that we seek to own, and we're very clear relative to that. Examples include virtual, behavioral, specialty pharmaceutical fulfillment and select aspects of home care, we deem them to be unique, highly differentiated and an ability to leverage over multiple geographies in an efficient way. Our notion of partnering continues through, we'll call it, core value-based care, where today, about 75% of our MA customers have a value-based care relationship. About 50% of our exchange customers have a value-based care relationship. And about 40% of our commercial employer business has a value-based care relationship. Now to the Village relationship. First and foremost, it's also a clear depiction as we discussed at our Investor Day, that we see the healthcare delivery system community as an addressable market for us. We see it as an addressable market to bring additional services to help to extend their reach, their care coordination, curation of high-performing specialty networks and overall continuity of care, including digital aspects of the care equation. So the Village relationship, we see as an extension of partnering we see that payer agnostic orientation that you articulated as a positive because Evernorth serves a broad portfolio of clients including most of the large health plans in America today in some way, shape or form. And we see the ability to grow collectively and collaboratively with Village as a positive, but through partnering set of relationships. So to reiterate, there are aspects that we'll seek to own. We will continue to use our current process of incentive alignment and care coordination to extend our core value-based care offerings. And now with Evernorth, we will seek to deepen those services with select provider partners for the benefit of the totality of the panel, not just for the Cigna Healthcare lives that go through. However, there may be some unique programs that are designed from a Cigna Healthcare standpoint. So we see this as a great win-win and an additional growth opportunity for Evernorth. Gary, I hope that helps.
David Cordani: Good morning, Kevin, it's David. Let me start just frame it a bit more broadly and then ask Brian to peel back your question a little bit. First, we're pleased with the strong performance we delivered in 2022 and now being able to step into 2023 with a very attractive outlook. And it continues to reinforce that our Cigna Healthcare platform, including our Commercial employer portfolio continues to perform very well. I'd just highlight three areas quickly in terms of the underlying drivers or enablers of the continued growth for us. One, especially in the commercial employer portfolio is a consistent intense focus. We have, we are, we will continue to have a consistent intense focus on this segment as we see it as a growth segment. Hence, we focus and innovate for its benefit.  Second is a track record of excellent total cost or total medical costs. That is resulting from very good work from our network management team our clinical programs and the returns they deliver and our growing suite of site of care optimization programs that all contribute to good clinical quality service and overall affordability.  And then finally, what we've talked about before, but maybe it's sometimes forgotten, our orientation around consultation and putting solutions in place. So whether it's an employer of 100 or an employer of 10,000, we take an orientation of consultatively working to put the right solution suite in place for them. I'm going to have Brian peel back the drivers of our outlook, I will put one asterisk on it. We have not factored in an uptake relative to redeterminations as a contributor in our outlook for the year. We recognize that redeterminations present an opportunity for us, not a risk for us because we don't have that business to protect currently. But given it's still uncertain in terms of the rate and pace of state activity to adjudicate their redeterminations, we don't have that factored into this very attractive outlook. Of course, we'll present updates to you as the year unfolds as states go through the redetermination process. I'll ask Brian to unpack the drivers of our membership growth a little further.
David Cordani: Good morning, Scott. Clearly, the initial or preliminary rate letter came out. But before I comment on that, just stepping back for a moment, it's clear that Medicare Advantage has represented and continues to represent a significant both market opportunity as well as a growth opportunity for the U.S. today serving about 30 million seniors continued growth and seniors reinforce the value, the clinical quality and the service quality they receive by continuing to renew and/or expand relationships in MA. The initial rate letter that came out does have lower or somewhat anemic revenue, we'll await the final rate letter that comes forward relative to that. Having said that, I think it's a little bit early to presuppose what 2024 growth outlook may look like because you compete on a relative basis. Having said that, this will create, if it stays in the range of what the rate letter looks like. It will create some revenue dislocation. So the sophistication of benefit management that's going to be necessary market by market. The leverage of value-based care relationships, which, as I noted earlier, about 75% of our MA lives are in a value-based care relationship will all come into play.  I reinforce the fact that the 10% to 15% is our objective to have 10% to 15% customer growth over time on average. We're stepping into this year with a very good customer growth outlook already that we feel good about. And as a final note, I would remind you that while an attractive long-term growth opportunity for us, today, this represents or MA represents less than 5% of the enterprise portfolio. So any dislocation in 2024, we deem to be manageable with the strong performing portfolio that we have in front of us.
David Cordani: Justin, a little color relative to pacing and then I'll ask Brian to talk about more to your second question. As Brian noted, we have good visibility into the membership volume. And when you think about the -- outside of the individual exchange business, what we've seen growth across all of our funding types. Still the lion's share of it is ASO including the service-based relationship with a large customer. So in essence, a meaningful portion of that volume will be realized in the first quarter of 2023, and then they'll be puts and takes throughout the course of the year. We'll look forward to providing you updates on. Now individual lines of business will move throughout the course of the year. But by and large, if you think about -- our expectation is that we'll have good performance relative to that on the first quarter of the year and then some puts and takes throughout the course of the year with some additional growth and maybe some additional disenrollment as we factored in some impact in our outlook for a bit of an uptick in disenrollment as we look at the current fragility of the U.S. economy. So good visibility for Q1. I'll ask Brian to talk a bit more around the margin.
David Cordani: Lisa, good morning. So to your first question, the co-preferred position that we have taken on our national preferred formulary is a mechanism to aid the transition, preserve and expand choice with aligned economics back to our clients and for the benefit of our customers and patients. I'd also note that that's our National Preferred Formulary, which is our largest single formulary. We support and administer multiple formularies that are customized for individual clients from that standpoint and avail choice. I'd also suggest that this will be fluid. It will flex over time. Third, as we've demonstrated within our PBM and our broad pharmacy portfolio services, we have the tools to align the incentives whereby when we enable choice and create value. Meaningful portion of that value are passed back to clients, customers and patients and a sustainable portion of the value is retained by us and the current position that we have taken aligns in that way. So it's not -- we have to have a reason of our brand drug versus the biosimilar, we have the mechanisms to afford additional choice, additional flexibility and to align the incentives. As it relates to the second part of your question, I would just give you by way of trend as opposed to an individual benefit design configuration or change, buyers in the space, be they corporate buyers, health plan buyers, et cetera, are seeking to push for more what we talk about internally all the time, coordination of services and continue to challenge point solutions. That plays very well for us. So when you think about an illustration of that, the Pathwell program around biosimilars, the Pathwell programs around biologics, the Pathwell programs around injectables is a way to further coordinate services with precision or a subset of patients and deliver more value from that standpoint, you have to harness data, you have to harness clinical capabilities, you have to harness digital capabilities. You have to harness network and benefit management capabilities. And again, the combined organization is well positioned for that. So I would say more precision in benefit programs on a go-forward basis that bring more targeted coordination, harnessing data and harnessing specific sub-segments. And again, we are well positioned for that and Pathwell is an illustration of that direction.
David Cordani: Josh, good morning, good to chat with you this morning. So let me take your second question first. In aggregate, a small proportion is in full cap. As we've discussed before, our preferred approach typically has a shared risk relationship. Some of it is in global cap for sure, but a minority of it is in global cap, a majority of it is in a shared risk, longstanding shared risk program. And then another minority would be an upside only P4P in terms of new relationship pay-for-performance. So if you think about it in terms of a suite of capabilities, our sweet spot and our preferred approach is a shared alignment program, not a global cap program, but we have some global cap. To the first part of your question, you came back to the Village and CHE side of the equation. So I'd ask you to think about, first and foremost, the relationship with Village that was built out and expanded is an Evernorth relationship. That's not to take away from CHE, I'll come to the core of your question in a moment. And that relationship, as I discussed with a previous question, is around helping to broaden and target the reach, broaden the reach and then target with precision around subspecialty and then coordinate services in an even more precise way off of their already highly performing value proposition. Now that will be benefited to Cigna Healthcare, but also other health lands and broadly speaking, Village's patient panel over time.  Now specific to Cigna Healthcare, this relationship presents the opportunity to design certain benefit alternatives or unique product alternatives in collaboration with Village because of our closer relationship. That will evolve over time, and those conversations are manifesting themselves already. And the positive there is that that's building off of an already positive relationship. So back to the main course here is an Evernorth’s relationship and further evolving their already strong performance in terms of reach, precision for the breadth of the panel. Cigna Healthcare will benefit from that. It presents the opportunity in targeted geographies and to bring specific benefit alternatives forward for the benefit of Cigna Healthcare and all that is on the docket relative to co-collaboration right now. That's why we're so excited about the partnership with Village.
David Cordani: Good morning, Nick, it's David. I'll just give you a little directional indicator here. So throughout 2022, broadly speaking, we saw the kind of net effect of hiring still the lead dimension in terms of playing through. Although as we've talked quarter-to-quarter throughout the course of 2022, we recognized there was a softening in the economy. As we get through the latter part of the year and the end of the year, that pretty much muted down and approximates canceling itself off. So the net hiring versus the net disenrollment moved to a slight negative. As I mentioned in a prior comment, our projection for 2023 assumes a further uptick or a further softening of disenrollment as we look at the economy, we don't -- within our book as we go case by case and relationship by relationship, we don't see large dislocations, but we think it's prudent to plan for some further softening throughout the course of the year, and that's fully factored in to our projection. I wouldn't call out one individual sub-segment. The National Press would say that small employers are continuing to hire in terms of fight to get to full levels of employment. So we can see some indicators relative to that. But broadly speaking, I would suggest you to think about -- we believe we've taken a prudent outlook in our full year membership outlook by further dampening the additional enrollment throughout the course of the year, and we think that's an appropriate approach.
David Cordani: Good morning, Nate, it's David. You should think about, broadly speaking, the formulated decisions are made in the latter part of the calendar year, so deep into Q4 of a given year for the next year with the best insights; two, there's always some fluidity relative to drug launches that manifest themselves throughout the course of the year. In the case of biosimilars, we know there are drug launches expected in the Q3 timeframe of this year, of 2023, that we've fully contemplated and factored in. And we have the ability to flex formularies in the course of the year with individual clients, individual health plans, et cetera, obviously, on a consultative fashion. So view the decisions are largely made in advance of the year. However, you have the flexibility to go back and make adjustments my comments are not specific to your specific question around manufacturer-specific contracts through that lens. To the latter part of your question, by and large, employers, health plans, et cetera, are focused on clinical efficacy and comparative effectiveness. So the fixation relative to first and foremost as it should be clinical efficacy, making sure when there's any alternative that's available in turning the best external validation of the clinical equivalent of the impact of a pharmaceutical is evaluated properly and then comparative effectiveness, looking at the economics and then getting to a total low cost of care or best value equation. And then the employer or health line may make some trade-offs in terms of which levers they want to use to achieve that, but ultimately, it comes down to the best total cost equation once the clinical efficacy hurdle is crossed. And as I mentioned in the prior question, we have the tools, we have the services, we have the flexibility to avail employer by employer, health plan by health plan to be able to get them to the right balance that they want. But ultimately, it's the low total cost equation with the clinical outcomes that are preferred from that standpoint that drive the net conversations and the net decisions by employers and by health plans.
David Cordani: Good morning, Lance. So I think your framework is quite helpful. If you think about the building blocks you articulated, you laid them out quite nicely. I just would play with the order a little bit. Job one for us with Village is to work in partnership, right? It's not to push a product. It's a work in partnership to avail additional capabilities off their already strong performing platforms to further improve affordability or clinical quality. So let's take an example. Take the opportunity to curate in an individual market or submarket for larger markets, the highest-performing oncology providers for certain tumor types or certain diagnoses. Our longitudinal datasets enable that in a very differentiated way, be able to bring a bit more precision. The net result of that is, therefore, for a Village patient, a higher probability of getting the best possible evidence-based care and coordinated care and therefore, best overall value. Of which then Village benefits from that. The patient obviously benefits from that. And what we've designed is the Evernorth enablement benefits from that.  Point two is you want to distribution. We could bring more access in volume flow through the high-performing opportunities that exist here. There's no doubt around that, and we will seek to do so. And then third, where you came back to, we will absolutely help to enable these capabilities back, which is a subset of your distribution in a way back to our large well-performing portfolio of ASO clients by bringing yet even more precision of care coordination for their benefit. But in this case, we have through the Evernorth services and through the collaboration with Village, the ability to be rewarded in addition to the value we would be creating for their benefit. So there's multiple building blocks here, which is why we're quite excited. At the end of the day, if you put a big circle around it, Lance, it all comes down to how do we harness more data how do we harness more clinical coordination to bring even greater clinical quality and overall affordability, one patient at a time with a platform that is performing well, that is Village and then creating extenders and some care coordination that comes along with it. And through Evernorth, we have both the service mechanism and then the sharing mechanism built that will work in conjunction with Village for.
David Cordani: Sure. Good morning, Dave. So relative to RADV and the new information that came out, first and foremost, we deem that risk adjusters are and remain an important tool for the program. And as I noted before, a program that has worked obviously for quite some time for the benefit of seniors and delivering excellent clinical quality, value and service. Additionally, from a Cigna perspective, we remain committed to executing, obviously, this program in a highly compliant fashion.  Now specific to the RADV actions, we're pleased, the CMS concluded that they're not going to extrapolate their actions prior to 2018. We're concerned that we continue to question a couple of decisions. For example, the elimination of the fee-for-service adjuster that we deemed to be foundational to the program. And we await specifics relative to the methodology that is going to be used in some aspects of the extrapolation and work as we have in the past and as we always will, we will work closely with CMS to seek to get further clarity relative to the open items that are here.  So a bit of a fluid environment but we see progress relative to the lack of extrapolation beyond 2018, and we see some open questions for the industry at large that still remain, and we will collaborate with CMS to get more visibility on that over the near term.
David Cordani: Thank you. Just to briefly recap, 2022 was a strong year of performance, growth and positive impact that our company brought forward. With Evernorth and Cigna Healthcare, we demonstrated that we are serving the current needs of our customers, clients and partners, and we expect to deliver another year of customer and earnings growth in 2023. I want to recognize and more importantly, thank more than 70,000 co-workers around the world. It's ultimately their continued dedication and leadership that allows us to make a defining difference in healthcare and their demonstrated commitment to building on the momentum we've delivered to have a larger impact as we look to the future as we strive to improve the health and vitality that of those we're privileged to serve. With that, we thank you for joining our call today, and we look forward to our continued conversations as we go forward. Have a good day.
Brian Evanko: Erin, it's Brian. So as it relates to the headwinds and tailwinds you're right to call out the strategic investments. So we continue to invest an outsized amount of money in areas such as our Evernorth Care services platform to enable things like VillageMD that David just discussed alongside our specialty pharmacy business, which continues to grow at very attractive rates. And so, that's all been factored in alongside the Centene related implementation costs. But importantly, we have tailwinds that allow us to introduce our guide today with at least 4.5% income growth for the Evernorth segment, inclusive of those pressure points on the spending side. As it relates to the cadence of Evernorth earnings, you should think of the back half weighting that I referenced is primarily driven by the biosimilar ramp effect that I described, but not entirely, there's also some effect of the cadence of operating expense spending over the course of the year that also impacts the timing. But the biosimilar contributions, we do expect to be more back half weighted, which is a key driver of the difference in the cadence.
Brian Evanko: Sure, David. Good morning, Kevin. So maybe just a little bit more detail here in terms of how to think about the 1.2 million plus net customer growth. And then I'll hit your question on the ACA exchange profitability as well. So first off, I'd be remiss if I didn't say we're really pleased with another year of strong growth that we expect here in 2023 and following growing almost 1 million net customers or 5% in 2022. And as we mentioned earlier, we expect net growth in 2023 across all of our major U.S. business segments with the individual exchange business expecting at least 300,000 net customer growth. Our MA net growth has started strong. We expect at least a high single-digit percentage growth rate for 2023, in line or better than industry growth rates. And we expect at least 250,000 net new customers generated by core growth across our U.S. Commercial portfolio. So if you take those three components together, they represent about half of our expected full year net growth of 1.2 million plus customers. And then the balance of the 2023 customer growth, you can think of as the net effect of some moving pieces, including the larger client relationship expansion that David mentioned in his prepared remarks. I mean we have good line of sight into this 1.2 million plus to David's point, we are not banking on any meaningful amount of volume for Medicaid redeterminations. As it relates to the morbidity and/or risk pool of the IFP business or individual business that we're adding, our 2023 customer growth outlook reflects a combination of a few things being industry growth our own new market entry as well as competitors exiting certain geographies that we participate in. As you think about where our margin profile stands, in 2022, the margins on this book are below our long-term goal. Our long-term goal is to remind you is 4% to 6%. We took a step forward in '22 from where we were in '21, given that '21 was a depressed margin year. But we're still below our long-term goal. And for purposes of '23, we continue to expect the margins on this book will run below our 4% to 6% long-term goal in our Cigna Healthcare income and MCR guidance reflects this. Just given the substantial amount of new customers we've added, we thought it was prudent to assume margins will be below our long-term target for this calendar year. But this is a book of business that does represent a source of future embedded earnings power that will help to contribute toward the long-term growth in the Cigna Healthcare segment income
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Justin. So as it relates to the Cigna Healthcare margin profile, we're first off, really pleased to have finished 2022 with the 9% Cigna Healthcare margin, which is 90 basis points of year-over-year expansion which allowed us to return to the low end of our target margin range of 9% to 10%. So this stronger-than-expected 2022 performance certainly increases our confidence in executing against our '23 margin goals. As I noted in my prepared comments earlier, we will see some product mix shift in 2023, specifically with the government lines becoming a slightly larger percent of premium within Cigna Healthcare, and these products tend to carry a lower profit margin profile than the U.S. Commercial and International Health products. So when you consider all of this and our continued investments in our accelerated growth platforms such as MA, we'd expect our 2023 Cigna Healthcare margins to land within our target 9% to 10% range, but at the low end.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Steve, it's Brian. So as it relates to the Centene related implementation costs in 2023, we do expect there to be an uptick over the course of the year in that spending. So you can think of it as growing from the first quarter through the fourth quarter modestly. So as you think about the total spend. So we've incurred a small fraction of the total we expect to spend over the course of the full year. But importantly, which if you think about that mathematically, it goes against the concept of back half income weighting. The magnitude of that is far outweighed by the other factors that I referenced earlier in terms of the contribution from biosimilars ramping in the back half as well as the other SG&A patterns that will emerge over the course of the year. But you should think of the Centene related costs for the course of the year and a small fraction of that already spent.
