David Cordani: It's David. You said a mouthful on the questions. So in terms of the laundry list of products. First, as you know, the implementation of the legislation. So the conversion of it from a legislative framework to regulation is fluid. And as we noted in our prepared remarks, we're working collaboratively with the regulators. As you might suspect, we're looking at a variety of scenarios. And as of even this week, the most recent external view of CIGNA's loss ratio performance suggests that we are compliant with, or in line with the regulations. But we continue to work through a variety of scenarios right now, but today, we feel like we're -- the mix of our portfolio is in reasonably good stead, relative to the way the regulations or intended outcome.
David Cordani: It's David. To your point, biased in a few geographies, I would just take the word biased out and stay focused. So our Select segment, which is the predominant driver of the guaranteed cost book, is highly focused in a finite number of geographies, I think 10 to 15 major markets. Secondly, if we step back, I'm thinking about those markets as the key geographies we wanted to focus on, post the Great-West acquisition. And third, think about the challenge we had to restart the distribution engine, post the acquisition and in the recession. So we're very targeted on a finite number of geographies, I think 10 to 15 specific go-to-market products. And very importantly, one of the things we were able to learn and leverage from the Great-West acquisition was their own orientation around going deep on key brokers. So it's highly focused on cohorts and brokers in individual markets. So as Annmarie referenced, we're quite pleased with the focus we've had in moving the business in the key geographies. From a pricing standpoint as well, if you think about those brokers, there's typically a lot of transparency with the Great-West brokers because of the ASO business and the ASO stop-loss business. And now, we've been able to bring a different funding mechanism to have two alternatives to work with those targeted brokers. So the key is focus geographically, products and on brokers.
David Cordani: John, we continue to work through a variety of scenarios. What is most clear is what is included, starting with the, call it, traditional guaranteed cost framework. As I referenced before, we view the processes quite fluid, and we're coordinating in a very detailed fashion with the NAIC, with the regulators, et cetera, and we're working through a variety of scenarios. As we currently understand the picture today and as I referenced earlier, the external view is in line with our internal view, and that is that our current loss ratio profile is, generally speaking, in line with the directions the regulations are heading. But I would just stress, it's fluid at this point in time, and we continue to work very closely with the regulators and NAIC on it.
David Cordani: Under a variety of our scenarios, John, you would expect that we would be looking at it with and without a variety of product lines. So again, looking at a variety of scenarios here.
David Cordani: It's David. Again, my general statement was there was an external view, snapshot of the industry, and I commented that CIGNA's current performance and loss ratio is in line with the regulations. Second, as I referenced before, it's still a fluid and dynamic process. And third, I think very importantly, we don't believe you should look at any product line in a vacuum. There's inter-dependencies on product lines. And as we're working with the regulators and NAIC, we have a ton of transparency, in terms of the makeup of our portfolio. The conclusion we hold today is that, as currently configured with our broad portfolio of businesses, directionally, we're in line with the expectation of the regulations, but we're going to still work very closely with the regulators and the NAIC until disclosure.
David Cordani: Christine, from a selection standpoint, as I referenced before, what's working for us right now, what's key to us, going forward, is the focus, both geographically, as well as on a subset of brokers to be able to work with. And our go-to-market approach for the Select segment, be it ASO or guaranteed cost, is to be highly consultative. So we look at alternatives. In some markets, our lead product is the ASO stop-loss. In other markets, our lead product is guaranteed cost. And yet, in other markets, they were actually co-habitating side by side. But the key there is working with the brokers, high transparency, and as Annmarie has made reference before as well, very important to us is consistency of pricing and underwriting execution. So you don't have large ebbs and flows year-over-year or on renewal cycle. And thus far, that approach is working for us.
David Cordani: It's David. So two parts of your question. First, relative to the Humana relationship. I would put a framework over the top of it and that is, CIGNA has long since viewed the ability to partner with key players as critical to us. So whether you look at the Humana relationship, which I'll come back to in a moment, our various other alliances in the United States or partnerships we have outside the United States, we feel quite strongly about the importance of that framework and the ability to do so, for the benefit of our customers. In the case of the Humana alliance for Medicare Advantage group programs, we're delighted because we've been able to secure a best-in-class solution for the benefit of our clients to be coordinated with our distribution model. And then ultimately, one of the benefits beyond the single point of contact for an employer is as individuals approach Medicare eligibility, you have a lot of continuity and coordination of care, program preparation, et cetera. So we're delighted about bringing the two organizations together, from an alliance standpoint. Now separating that to the other part of your question on Private Fee for Service, that alliance does not address the individual Private Fee for Service block. And as you probably know, inferred in your question, our posture with CMS will need to be closed in the approximate June time frame. And we're currently going through a finite number of alternatives with CMS and would expect to have closure and clarity on that in June, and obviously, update you on our expectations for '11 and beyond in the second quarter call.
David Cordani: It's David. Combined, you should think about both of those combined as slightly less than 1% of our total membership. So think about round numbers, just shy of 50,000 for the under 50 and over 50,000 for the individual business. So think about total, about 110,000 members in both those lines.
David Cordani: Kevin, it's David. So Annmarie walked through our capital deployment priorities, and we talked through the strategic priority of the financial strength, the financial flexibility. So headline number one, and inferred in your question, we're quite pleased with the position we were able to end 2009 in, as well as building momentum as we step into 2010, from a capital efficiency, subsidiary-capital level and free-cash-flow level. And we will continue to use the guide post that we laid out, in terms of our capital deployment strategy, to making sure we have the right internal funding and then evaluating M&A alternatives, and then finally, evaluating repurchase. So I appreciate your question. We recognize that we're in a stronger position than we had been in the past, which we like, and we'll continue and evaluate the alternatives.
David Cordani: Ana, it's David. The go-deep strategy is quite important to us, as you made reference to. So the markets we've chosen to focus on are a consolation of either those markets that we are currently most competitive in, on an all-in medical cost basis, and/or we have a line of sight over the next couple of years to be fully competitive, relative to the best-in-class benchmark competitor. A part of that process is, and as I referenced in the prepared remarks, making sure we're actually working a little differently with key delivery partners, be it the large physician groups and/or the hospitals to try to align our incentives, our information with their programs and services. To the last part of your comment, we have not, generally speaking, embarked upon a strategy to have narrow networks. Rather, our market strategy of transparency and choice, by providing visibility to our employer customers and our individual customers, relative to cost quality differences, were possible, and allowing for choice to drive the utilization patterns.
David Cordani: It's David. So I think by your statement of limited medical product, you're excluding what the industry knows as voluntary life, disability, et cetera. And I think, inferred under your statement, we should assume that, that product allows pretty significantly over a short period of time, making sure that there are some solutions that work for the individuals that currently utilize those products. And then it probably takes a step function post-2014, as additional alternative is, and subsidies are available to individuals. So we view that, that product portfolio and solution portfolio will evolve at a pretty accelerated rate over the next several years.
David Cordani: And Carl, I would just reinforce, as Annmarie made in both in her prepared remarks and her prior comment, for the core Commercial Guaranteed Cost business, the overall loss ratio, on an operating basis, going forward, is directly in line with our expectations. So we feel good about it stepping into the year.
David Cordani: First, thank you to everyone for joining us today. And I simply want to emphasize four key points from our conversation. First, is that our first quarter 2000 (sic) [2010] results are strong due to the result of our strategic focus. They demonstrate the strength of our diversified portfolio of businesses, and very importantly, provide a strong and solid start to achieving our full year 2010 goals.  Second, our capital position and balance sheet are strong, and our investment portfolio continues to produce good results.  Third, we believe that we are well positioned as a global health service company. We will continue to execute our growth strategy, which leverages the strength of our very diverse global portfolio of businesses, which include a well-established operation and portfolio outside the U.S. that currently serves employers and a growing middle class of individuals; our Disability business, with return-to-work programs that lead the industry and improve employee productivity; and our U.S. Health Care business, which focuses on health improvement and is heavily weighted towards service offerings.  Finally, as outlined earlier, we are using this time of disruption to identify and leverage additional growth opportunities as we look to the future. Again, thanks for joining today's call.
Annmarie Hagan: Sure, Matthew. It's Annmarie. Relative to our Private Fee for Service business, there has been no change, really, since we've discussed this product last time. As you remember, we had significant growth, and we had talked about before about the risk profile of the business being in that kind of 0.86% range, which, as you'll recall, anything less than 1% is on the better side of the risk profile. The demographics are coming in, as we expected. And as you probably know, the actual reporting of claims on this type of business comes in rather slowly. So to date, we have seen nothing that would make us change our expectation, relative to the full year breakeven.
Annmarie Hagan: Sure, Josh. It's Annmarie. First, our International operations, as I noted in my prepared remarks, had a very strong quarter, and we're very pleased with the execution against the growth strategy. If you recall, when we kind of rolled forward our International results from 2009 to 2010, we did expect to have favorable foreign exchange. So that $7 million worth of FX was contemplated in our outlook, and we would expect to see some of that, as we go through the balance of the year. The Hong Kong item is a one-timer $5 million. Having said that, if you recall, we did some of this with Korea last year. So we continue to effectively manage our capital to get the most effective tax rates that we can on this International book of business. That will have a go-forward reduction in the effective tax rate. And then finally, relative to the claims experience, the Expat business had some volatility. As you know, that business bounces around from quarter to quarter. You might recall that the fourth quarter had some adverse experience. The first quarter had some strength. So while you might be encouraged to take the International number and run rate gap for the year, I would recommend that, from a prudent perspective, we would consider that there will be some further claim volatility, as we move through the year. And as a result, as I indicated in our opening and prepared remarks, we took the combined earnings in those two businesses up by $10 million.
Annmarie Hagan: Order of magnitude, that's not far off. Considering also that there could be some normal claims volatility, in addition to the $5 million.
Annmarie Hagan: Josh, the 83.5% to 84.5% is our core guaranteed cost loss ratio only. And as I indicated in my prepared remarks, excluding prior-year development, that number -- it was reported at 84%, which is right in the middle of the range. So it wouldn't impact that number at all. What I also indicated in our prepared remarks was that the total medical care ratio was up in the quarter because of the higher mix of the Part D and the Private Fee for Service. Order of magnitude, the PFFS is into the high 90s range, and the Part D, as reported in our staff supplement, is slightly over 100. That has some seasonal nature to it as well. But through the first quarter, it's about 250 basis points on the total MCR, which is not the 83.5% to 84.5% number.
Annmarie Hagan: Yes, there is. I mean, many companies, we would expect some type of a risk adjuster, as we go forward in the year. Understand that many companies might accrue for that. But given that we're new in that business, we've taken a prudent approach, and during the first quarter, have not contemplated the amount of risk adjuster we'll get, as we go through the year, on Private Fee for Service. So that business improved from a loss in the first quarter to profits through the next three quarters, bringing us to the break-even number that we have announced we expect.
Annmarie Hagan: Sure, John. It's Annmarie. Relative to the new business, I understand your concerns. But we are quite pleased with the growth we got in both the Middle Market and Select segments. There are targeted geographies, but there are targeted segments. And the growth is in the geographies, which are most beneficial to us. So I think that's important to keep in mind. Relative to the conservatism in the normal renewal block for our core guaranteed cost, we ended last year in the around 84% range. So embedded in the estimates for new business. New business is typically, say two to three points higher, from an MCR perspective, than your renewal block. And then as you go on, you get more insight as to the experience and would just adjust that accordingly.
Annmarie Hagan: Sure, Christine. I'll start on the yield, and then I'll hand it over to David to provide some color on the selection issues. As it relates to the yield, you're right, in our staff supplement, we have yields in the 2% to 3% quarter-over-quarter, et cetera. And you're also correct in noting that it is a business mix issue. So we look at it in a couple of components. If you look at the fundamental core guaranteed cost, which would include the lower end of the market, the Select segment, with the new products that we've introduced during the past year and a half, those numbers would exclude the ASO side of the house. But the core guaranteed cost, that yields in the neighborhood of 5% to 6%. And then as you introduce the individual, of where we've been growing more significantly, and the voluntary, that mix change brings it down to that 2% to 2.5% yield. And that is in line with our expectations and our pricing and underwriting metrics.
Annmarie Hagan: Justin, it's Annmarie. From a capital perspective, we cover that in our Connecticut General Life statutory surplus. And as I've noted many times before, we're well capitalized there, well in excess of regulatory minimums, et cetera. Given the relatively minor movement that we've had in the problem loan portfolio over time, I'm not worried at all about the statutory surplus impact of those mortgage loans. When we recognize that is when it has become clear to us that we will not receive the cash flows that are expected on those businesses. So as you and I have talked before, I believe that we identify things as potential problems, as soon as there is any indication. Having said that, there are many times where the potential problems actually get settled and resolved with no impairment analysis. So that, in effect, would -- the statutory surplus in Connecticut General, I think, is now in the $4.4 billion, $4.3 billion number. And these movements from mortgage loans have been in the $20 million to $30 million, aggregating up to $300 million or so. So that is not necessarily on my worry list, Justin.
Annmarie Hagan: Sure, Doug. It's Annmarie. As you know, we are required to fully fund the pension under the Pension Protection Act over the next five years or so. In 2010, we consistently indicated that we'll be contributing $150 million after tax. On a before-tax basis, that's $210 million, and I would note that, that is in excess of what is required. So we are making voluntary contributions to the pension plan. And if you kind of factor that through, given our unfunded liability in the $1.5 billion range, assuming all other assumptions around returns and interest rate kind of work out, as you know, there are a lot of moving parts, we'd have that fully funded, in accordance with the Pension Protection Act requirement. So you could guess at around, before tax, $250 million a year, consistent with this year.
Annmarie Hagan: Yes, so we have an investment return of about 8%. And as you know, last year, by the end of the year, we experienced significantly higher than that 8%, which helps out the unfunded position. The other thing is the discount rate. So as interest rates move, you would have to adjust your interest rate up or down your discount rate. And you might recall, at the fourth quarter, we had to adjust it downward, which actually costs us $150 million to $200 million on the unfunded liability. As those rates improve, there will be opportunity there to close the gap as well. And the final thing I'll note is that you are aware that we did freeze the pension plan. So from a accumulation of benefits perspective, that's no longer a risk.
Annmarie Hagan: Yes, as you indicated, we are on track for $55 million, continuing to identify those cost reduction initiatives or key. Could you just clarify for me on the retail side? I wasn't sure about that.
Annmarie Hagan: It's Annmarie, Carl. There's nothing really worth spiking out there. I would just note that we did have new business growth in both the Guaranteed Cost and the Shared Returns business. So as I indicated earlier, typically, we would reserve that a little bit of a two to three points higher loss ratio on that new business growth until there's more clarity and certainty around the ultimate loss ratio. But I think, all in, as I mentioned, 2/3 is the mix, and then the balance of the increase in the ratio was in the new business, both Guaranteed Cost and Share Returns.
