David Cordani: Just highlighting the fact that in support of that, for example, our Evernorth Benefits business performed very strongly in the first quarter. So on a year-over-year basis, that was a partial contributor to the year-over-year increase as Brian articulated. And we remain committed to continue to invest in the businesses, all while meeting now our increased earnings outlook for the full year.
David Cordani: Hey, Justin. Good morning. It's David. Let me just frame the medical costs for a moment and then ask Brian to talk a little bit more about our framework and our expectations for the year. And then I'll come back and address the Medicaid divestiture and our Medicaid direction more broadly. First, from a medical cost standpoint, big picture. We're pleased with the start to the year. Big picture broadly speaking, we're pleased to start to the year. And I just want to underscore a couple of components. One, our organization works tirelessly to try to drive elevated utilization of certain services like preventative care services. And importantly, we saw in the first quarter, the use of preventative care services like mammographies, colonoscopies, childhood immunizations, cervical cancer screenings to be at an approximate level of pre-pandemic levels. That's a tremendous result of offsetting what might have been a dampening to utilization. The national data we see more broadly is that utilization of those preventative care services is at a more dampened rate, but ours is an elevated or more consistent rate from that standpoint, which is quite important. Secondly, I would just remind you that and I'll tie this back in our Medicaid comment a little later, is that we have a de minimis amount of Medicaid within our portfolio. And our national data suggests to our services businesses, through Evernorth services business that in the first quarter Medicaid medical costs were a bit more dampened year-over-year in the first quarter of 2021. That's not an effect on our portfolio. But we can see that in the services that we're providing. And I'll ask Brian to give you a little bit more color forward looking on the year, then I'll come back and address Medicaid.
David Cordani: Sure. Justin. We chose to divest of that single site Medicaid operation we had. So number one, it was -- we have one of one. So it was one off within our portfolio that has a de minimis impact on our P&L at the enterprise level. So putting that aside, we determined it was best for that business to be served by an expert or specialist. And we're pleased to effectuate and seek to close a successful transition to Molina. We think that's beneficial to the customers being served than our co-workers in that business. Looking forward, we continue to see Medicaid and government services first and foremost as an attractive growth opportunity within our Evernorth service portfolio. Whether it's Evernorth Pharmacy, Evernorth Care, Evernorth Benefits, Evernorth Intelligence, the opportunity to bring expanded services largely through health plans today in support of Medicaid will be a growing organic part of our portfolio. Over time, we see opportunities that will manifest themselves state-by-state on state specific service relationships against Evernorth. And then finally, as you recall from our Investor Day conversation, within our M&A priority, we continue to have an expansion of our U.S. government programs as an M&A priority. So we'll be opportunistic from that standpoint, if we see the ability to further strengthen any of our capabilities looking forward. But that divestiture was again, it was a one-off de minimis impact and we deemed that was best in the hands of a specialist. Thanks, Justin.
David Cordani: So thanks for the question, George. So specific to MDLIVE, first important to reference the fact that we had a multiyear relationship with MVLIVE both partnering to continue the services, but also through our very successful multiyear Cigna Ventures organization. So, we start from a learned shared experience and even deeper collaboration during the COVID environment. Specific to the asset and the direction, as we discussed in our Investor Day, we see rapid expansion of what we call alternative side of care to be one of the three major trends as we look forward over the next five to 10 years. This is an important part of those building blocks, and it's an important part of our Evernorth care portfolio of capabilities. We see it as much greater than telemed or even basic virtual care triaging. We see the ability to obviously expand virtual care, primary care, behavioral care. We see the ability to expand that further in terms of longitudinal chronic care programs, polychronic, and ultimately complex care programs and capabilities. So it provides us an accelerant to our strategic direction with a known partner that will now be part of the overall Cigna portfolio. And we're excited. Because net-net, it drives, improved service, improved access, improved affordability with strong clinical outcomes for the benefit of our consumers. So truly an aggregate win-win in the portfolio. Specific to the digital formulary that innovation continues to be somewhat unique in the marketplace. Our clients really appreciate the approach relative to the digital formulary, helping to essentially curate and apply externally validated expertise to the vast array of digital alternatives that exists in the ecosystem to help, to provide employers more informed decisions for those that may have the greatest outcome and impact for the benefit of the customer. So, I view that as a part of our consultative approach in terms of providing support, and a part of our approach to -- in this case partner and curate additional services on a go forward basis. Taking in the whole, we see, again, our Evernorth care capabilities as an exciting part of the broader economic growth capabilities, and we see the ability to do that in a complimentary nature with our proven value based care relationships within our Cigna, our portfolio as well. Hope that helps, George.
David Cordani: A.J. Good morning, it's David. So relative to the selling season, looking to 2022, your question goes at the commercial side, as well as the services side of the business. First, on the commercial side of the portfolio, at this stage of the year, we're typically looking at the national accounts environment. And remind you that we define national accounts in -- for our U.S. commercial portfolio a little bit more narrowly than some in the market. So it's commercial employers, 5,000 or more employees who are multi-state in nature. As we look to 2022, right now, we see an environment where the RFP volume, so the opportunity to pursue new business is up somewhat. I think order of magnitude 10%. And we see the portion of our book of business that's out to bid is being up marginally less than that 10% number. So that's a little bit of framing. We have some early traction, some early wins, that exists in our portfolio. And as we sit here at this stage of the environment, we're optimistic that we'll have a very good commercial outlook in aggregate for our portfolio as we look to 2020. I'll bridge with a trend comment and then I'll come to the Evernorthportfolio. Clearly affordability remains a top decision criteria for commercial employers,. There's no doubt about that. We spent ample time on that at our Investor Day, and it remains a top strategic imperative. Further, beyond that is the flexibility necessary, and then the innovation required to truly integrate or coordinate mental and physical health programs, and then expand and coordinate access to care in a less fragmented way through alternative site of care framework, et cetera. So we see the trends being well lined up to our direction. As relates to within Evernorth and specific to your question within pharmacy services. As you recall, we have now multiple years of very attractive growth under our belts as a combined organization. And we're pleased with that. As we look to 2022, we have an environment where to date our employer renewal process is manifesting itself quite strongly. And our health plan renewal process is manifesting itself rather strongly beyond the two known losses that we previously discussed, relative to the health plan business. Taken as a whole, we'd expect the retention in that business as we sit here right now to be a bit less than our recent couple of years, which have been historic highs in the upper 90s, we'll expect it to be more in the mid 90s as a consistent rate. And then taken as a whole, we will expect to see both revenue and earnings growth in our Evernorth portfolio in 2022. So, both pointing in a positive direction would be the summary I would leave you with.
David Cordani: Lisa, thanks. Appreciate the ongoing interest in the space for sure. So number one, bigger picture framing, I appreciate that you brought MDLIVE, Ginger together, for example. We don't -- we do not believe that this is a one-and-done type activity. So, we don't believe that a corporation secures itself a virtual care asset. And then this were for the alternative delivery space. This is a fluid environment. It's a dynamic environment, and it’s an environment that has massive promise relative to bringing the expanded access, coordination of services, and improve overall value coming back to the affordability. Our organic capabilities are strong, the MDLIVE asset advances that massively. But as Brian noted in his prior comments, as well, we continue to invest in the space. So I want you to view that we view it as a dynamic and fluid space and we very much like our positioning. Two is, just like in the -- what we'll call it the traditional care delivery space, the coordination of physical and mental health is mission critical. Just because it's in a virtual care environment, doesn't mean that the coordination of the leverage opportunity there is not -- is critical. And in fact, the virtual capabilities allow us to take fragmentation out of the system more aggressively and more comprehensively. To your affordability comment, unequivocally, we see an ability to further improve affordability through alternative site of care and through our virtual capabilities. You may recall from Investor Day, we identified alternative site of care or site of care leverage as a meaningful opportunity to further deflect or improve overall affordability. And an example maybe, we see already in a virtual care delivery, less use of unnecessary or redundant diagnostic services. That's a tangible illustration of a improvement in affordability. Conversely, we see opportunities to even further close gaps in care or increase utilization of the right services, like maintenance medications, through the dynamic, more intimate, ongoing interaction with customers or patients from that standpoint. So my points are threefold. One, continuation of investment here and innovation off of a very strong base. Two, a continued need to use the capabilities to close fragmentation within the system or get more complimentary leverage, most notably between the medical health and the mental health capabilities. And three, unequivocally a contributor to further improved affordability.
David Cordani: Scott, good morning. It's David. I'm going to ask Brian, just to give you a little color on our really strong sustained revenue performance. And then I'll come back and seek to address your inflation question.
David Cordani: Sure. Scott, on the inflation question, I'm going to come out with two ways. First, through the core visibility of our business and then more broadly for those we serve. Thus far within our business, we do not see a large trajectory change relative to what I would call cost of goods sold inflationary pressure. There's always some, makes no doubt about it. There is always some. But through ongoing innovation, ongoing productivity, ongoing value based collaboration, broadly speaking, I would not call a large sea [ph] change from that standpoint. Beyond that, in the broader economy, whether we look at it through a U.S. lens or pockets of markets outside the United States, there's clearly a warming up. There's an indisputable warming up of the economy. And there's a clearly warming up of inflationary indicators, but none of which have triggered across a threshold to suggest any one industry safe for some unique outliers, any kind of orange going to red threshold levels of inflation, but the robustness of the economy and some of the underlying cost drivers in some sub sectors are slowly beginning to elevate. And I think have a lot of industry leaders watching to ensure that any movement in curves, any movement in cost curves could be anticipated, either eradicated through pricing actions, like CPG companies that are being intensively discussed, cost pressures in some sub sectors of the technology ecosystem where the chip industry is out of pattern relative to supply and demand from that standpoint. But broadly speaking, I would say again, nothing affecting our space over the immediate term horizon from an inflationary standpoint.
David Cordani: Matthew, a pretty complex, Rubik's cube would put on the table. Thoughtful, but nonetheless complex. I think a you -- as I think your question and [Indiscernible] question. If we look at the 2020 to 2021 environment, clearly, the posture of CMS recognize the COVID dislocation, recognize that dislocation, for examples, implication on risk adjusters sought to in their own methodology, seek to provide some offset to that relative to their rate setting environment, as well as their guidance relative to delivery system reimbursement, and set themselves up for what I would say is a pretty fluid and complex environment over the ensuing couple of years ahead. So, I would expect the next couple years cycle to be a little non-traditional from that standpoint, given the need to adjust the various moving parts that result in a net rate setting environment. History would tell us that the result of all of the above, plus or minus a point or two largely gets the program to a balanced sustainable outcome. And looking forward, I would expect that because the Medicare Advantage program continues to deliver outstanding value, as you know, for seniors, hence the tremendous support from a senior standpoint, as well as overall clinical quality and affordability of which through the bonus programs and the reimbursement programs the federal government's budget actually benefits from. So I would expect it to be able to be balanced for that, but a little bit more lumpy than it has been in the past. And I think this year's risk adjuster through ups will be really mission critical in terms of how CMS sees the industry, recapturing a little bit more of the information that they deem necessary to get the risk adjusters and then they'll factor that into the forward looking 2023 rate environment. Stay tuned for more.
David Cordani: Good morning, it's David. So two-point questions. First, there's no doubt there are some pockets of generic deflation within the within the pricing environment which is the cost environment. Importantly, they're in line with our expectations. So it's not a deviant or driver of deviation for us in any way shape or form in terms of our broad portfolio. But unequivocally there are some pockets of deflation there in line with our expectations. As relates to the supply chain activity, I would ask you just to continue to think about supply chain initiatives as being an inherent strength within the overall portfolio through a variety of lenses, whether it's collaboration on the medical side of the equation, the traditional supply chain activity, the value-based supply chain activity, et cetera. And we have a continuous drive to improve value, albeit, to partner as we go through the process and as we get into some more of the complex dimensions of the higher costs, drugs and medications, we think there's further opportunity through the supply chain activity around value based care relationships, aligned incentive relationships more specifically with the manufacturers and with ourselves on a go forward basis. So I wouldn't call out any unique driver. More importantly, it's a continuous improvement part of our portfolio, and it's an underlying strength of our portfolio. And lastly, our sustained growth supports that in a very positive way.
David Cordani: Good morning. Appreciate the question. So twofold. The first part of your question, the simple answer is yes. So to be really clear. Again, we see the opportunity, obviously, from a standalone, if you will fulfillment and delivery of the service but also an opportunity in collaboration in alignment as a panel extender for high performing collaborative accountable care relationships. And those conversations are dynamic and underway. To the second part of your question, very thoughtful framework and appreciate it. If we come back and think about first and foremost, our ability to further improve affordability. You may recall at our Investor Day, we talked about four major ways in which we further improve affordability off of our strong overall cost environment today. One, is to further increase the percentage of utilization that takes place in the highest performing clinical settings, be they physicians or facilities. Second, is to work to reduce the cost of drugs further. Third, is to effectively leverage alternative sites of care. For example, the difference between a knee replacement that is inpatient versus outpatient is about a third less than cost. And we see a massive shift at the physical side of care is similar in virtual side of care. And then fourth, the ability to further coordinate the fragmented system specifically in the areas of medical and behavioral. So back to your question. Our evolution of our telemedicine and virtual care capability present opportunities to contribute to a variety of these areas to help to support individual customers or patients accessing higher cost healthcare specialists or delivery system partners, helping to drive further leverage relative to the pharmaceutical equation in terms of medication compliance, or alternative lower cost medications, and the ability to merge or coordinate services be the behavioral and pharmacy behavioral and medical are being in that quarterback position with a customer patient from that standpoint. So we see it as being complimentary to a variety of those initiatives. And we see it being both complimentary to your first question, proprietary driving on our own, and in collaboration is a panel extended for high performing healthcare professional partners. Thanks for the question.
David Cordani: First, thanks for our time today. We really appreciate spending time to discuss our Cigna results and our outlook. I just want to wrap up our call with a few headlines. First and foremost, we delivered strong financial performance during the quarter as we continue to navigate through what is undoubtedly a dynamic environment. And we work to meet and balance the needs of all of our stakeholders, as we act as champions for healthcare that is affordable, predictable and simple. In addition, our strong foundation driven by our growth framework and track record of success gives us confidence in our ability to achieve our increased EPS outlook for 2021 of $20.20. As well as positions as well for our ongoing long term average annual revenue growth rate of 68% and our 10% to 13% average annual adjusted EPS growth rate, all while continuing to pay attractive dividend. With that again, we thank you for joining our call and we look forward to our future conversations.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Ralph. It's Brian. So maybe let me unpack the U.S. Medical non-recurring items a little bit. This might speak to the core of your question a little bit. As I mentioned in my comments, overall, our U.S. medical earnings in the quarter were above our expectations. But when you remove the effect of the three non-recurring items, we were in line with our expectations. So there's a three non recurring items that I cited, we had some favorability in the quarter and net investment income. We had some favorability in the quarter and prior year medical cost development, and that was offset by non-recurring operating expenses. And so, to the core of your question, the non-recurring operating expenses, you can think of as litigation-oriented matters associated with operations from several years ago. So these are not related to current time periods. These are unrelated to Anthem. These are matters from several years ago, but they're related to operations. And as a result of that, we chose to book them through SG&A as opposed to considering them as a special item below the line or anything like that. They were appropriate in our eyes to book through SG&A above the line. And in order of magnitude, you can think of that as approximately offsetting the favorable benefit that we had from net investment income in the quarter within U.S. medical. But those are truly non-recurring items since they're related to periods from several years ago and those matters should now be closed.
Brian Evanko: Yes. Good morning, Justin. So, just a few other comments on the quarter and the balance of the year. Overall, as I mentioned in my comments, the U.S. Medical MCR was in line with our expectations for the first quarter, when you exclude the benefit of PYD [ph], or prior development. When you include the benefit of prior year development, we're actually a little bit favorable on the first quarter. And that was at an elevated level, as we expected, when we stepped into the year. For the balance of the year, we expect that deceleration in COVID-19, testing and treatment costs, we expect an uptick in non-COVID related utilization in quarters two through four, with those factors roughly offsetting one another. And so, when we constructed our full year outlook of an 81% to 82% medical care ratio, we stress tested a variety of scenarios about -- associate with those two levers and are quite confident in our ability to achieve the full year 81% to 82% medical care ratio for U.S. medical. David, maybe on the Texas Medicaid and our broader Medicaid strategy, over to you sure.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Kevin. It's Brian. So, a few thoughts on your question. I appreciate the framing of it. Broadly in the quarter, as I said earlier, the MCR for U.S. Medical was in line with our expectations when you include the federal benefit from prior year development. Now the components within were a little bit different than we anticipated. So to your point, the COVID-19 testing and treatment burden on our book was a little bit lower than we anticipated for the quarter. However, non COVID utilization was a little bit higher than we anticipated coming into the quarter. So net effect of those two factors led to the U.S. Medical MCR, being back in line with where we expected it to be. As we trend out the balance of the year, we continue to expect that phenomenon to perceive, meaning, deceleration in COVID-19 testing and treatment costs, and a little bit of an uptick in non COVID related utilization. So to your point, we expect about 50% of the EPS headwind associated with COVID-19, a $1.25 to continue to show up in the U.S. Medical MCR. And bridging over into 2022, we continue to anticipate about half of that $1.25, or a little bit over half of that to return in the form of earnings in our 2022 enterprise portfolio. And as such, we would expect that our long term annual growth rate in EPS of 10% to 13%. We would expect to achieve results that's at or above the high end of that range relative to our updated guidance of at least $20.20 per share.
Brian Evanko: Sure. Good morning, Josh. Our individual membership year to-date is a little bit above our expectations for a couple of different reasons. One is, I'm sure you know, we stepped into 80 new counties in 2021. And the enrollment, the annual enrollment period there was a little bit above our expectations. Additionally, the expanded special enrollment period window that President Biden introduced has generated some new lives in our portfolio as of the end of the first quarter. We have no reason to believe at this juncture that those customers will perform meaningfully differently than the balance of our individual exchange portfolio to your point on when will we know for sure. It will take several months, as we understand the risk adjuster profile, and the persistency of those new lives, et cetera. But I also would remind you the individual exchange membership only represents about 5%, 6% of our total U.S. Medical portfolio. So it won't be a significant needle mover relative to the MCR for your outlook for U.S. Medical.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Scott. So really pleased with the Q1 performance on revenue as well as the full year increase in our guidance of at least $166 billion. You should think of the majority of that increase coming from the Evernorth segment. But importantly, we're also seeing strength within U.S. Medical. So we think of most of it from Evernorth and a bit of an uptick in U.S. Medical as well. David, back to you on the inflation question.
