Eric Palmer: Sure, David. Lisa, It's Eric. As you can imagine, there is significant interest and need from our clients on the InCircle Rx program and helping them with GLP-1s more broadly. They're looking for our help with managing the affordability and ensuring that they get good outcomes from the spending on these treatments.  As David teed up, I'm really excited about, and I think the InCircle Rx program is a great example of the power of the collective capabilities that we have within Evernorth. It's the first of its kind, comprehensive solution that brings together our supply chain and procurement expertise, along with our clinical capabilities to target the right patient population, the relevant clinical markers, it targets the pharmacy network management, working to eliminate any waste or use in the system, and it works to engage patients with additional support that they need to help make changes that makes the impact last year. And we wrap this all with a guarantee of clinical outcomes and such for our clients as well.  So we're -- in short, we're really optimistic and excited about the opportunity for this product brings to self-funded markets and would expect additional growth as we look into 2024 and beyond.
Eric Palmer: Sure. we've said from the beginning that the adoption of biosimilars is going to be more extended and slower process. And the experience to date has been consistent with our expectations. We've driven meaningful savings for the benefit of our customers and clients so far this year, and we continue to see this opportunity ramp throughout the course of next year, and as part of the market ongoing.  We've talked in other settings about the meaningful opportunity for biosimilars, not only for [indiscernible] but for other conditions, and expect there to be more competition over time where up to 25% or 30% of the spend in the specialty market, we'll have competition, compared to something like less than 10% today.  So in short, this is an area that we're well positioned to drive meaningful value for the benefit of our customers and clients that we have seen unfolding consistent with our expectations. And we're positioned to lead through over the course of the coming years.
Eric Palmer: Sure. Stepping back a bit for Village, have you think about both the financial and the strategic component of our relationship with Village, as you know, we got a minority stake of ownership now. And so that's performing consistent with our expectations.  From a strategic perspective, think of our work with Village is one Village and us being committed partners to work together. We're working to build an alignment of an ecosystem of high-performing providers where we can ramp Village and Summit's operations with some of our clinical assets, raft and support with the data and insights from both organizations to help to ensure patients can get to the best care they need, the best specialists they need, the highest quality, et cetera.  And I really think of that as ultimately applicable across commercial or government plans. Our focus in the near term has been, I'll say, more skewed towards the commercial market, but it's an approach that works across any payer here, right, because it focuses on getting to the highest quality, best care available for an individual. And that transcends across all the markets.  Over time, we'll work to continue to expand this. But to date, off to a good start and pleased with the progress and the momentum that we're building with our partnership with Village.
Eric Palmer: Great. So with respect to this, Stepping back, I would have you think about the impact here that will need to unfold, will be around improving affordability. As has been said and reported across a variety of different channels, these therapies are effective, but they're also very expensive. We would expect that over time, we'll be well positioned to harness the power of competition to improve the affordability to bring the cost down. That's an important element.  But then in addition to that, we're positioned to wrap and support these patients with additional services, clinical services, the right approach, the right targeting to ensure the maximum effectiveness here.  So I don't know that it's constructive to talk about any of the kind of ongoing dialogue with manufacturers. But rest assured, that we are very engaged with the variety of pharma manufacturers in this space, looking at ways to expand access and improve affordability, just like Express Scripts is a long history of doing, as new innovations have come to the market and the pharmacy space, and we'll continue to be a leader there.
Brian Evanko: Yes. Yes. So first off, as it relates to the Cigna Healthcare customer guide increasing by 200,000 customers, I'd start by saying we're really pleased with the strong momentum across the health care book with our year-to-date customers running ahead of expectations. And that builds off a really strong year we had in 2022, where we added nearly 1 million customers in the Cigna Healthcare business, primarily in our U.S. commercial business.  To your point, we have continued to show sequential growth in our U.S. government businesses in the third quarter, particularly individual exchanges. But we've also seen favorability in our U.S. commercial membership, as we have not seen the disenrollment levels we had incorporated into our prior outlook.  You may recall that we had been anticipating some economic weakness late in 2023, but this has not yet materialized in any notable impact on our customer volumes. So all in, we're really pleased with 9% projected full year customer growth in Cigna Healthcare, a portion of which is related to the individual exchanges, but a portion of which is related to the strength in our U.S. commercial business.  As it relates to the individual exchange margin profile, just for a little bit of context, you can think of this as being approximately a $5 billion block of business for us in 2023. And as we shared in our second quarter call, we anticipate the individual exchange book to run below our target margins in 2023, and our long-term target for this business is 4% to 6%.  A primary driver of this is the increased risk adjustment payable that we expect to owe, with the majority of that impact driven by our 2 largest states, notably Texas and Georgia.  Now for 2024, we've taken sizable price increases in both of these 2 large states, and we would expect some degree of margin expansion in the individual book overall. The exact amount of the margin improvement will be a function of our geographic mix and our duration mix in 2024, and we're likely to have fewer customers in the individual exchange products in 2024 compared to where we are in 2023. But hopefully, that helps a bit, as you think about how to model the '24 Cigna Healthcare outlook.
Brian Evanko: It's Brian. So I'll start again, just reiterating how pleased we are to have delivered another strong quarter of MCR performance in Cigna Healthcare, which was favorable to expectations and drove really the income outperformance that we saw in the Cigna Healthcare segment.  Just as a reminder, if you rewind the clock a bit here, we planned in price for more normalized utilization levels coming into 2023. And our claims experience is largely consistent with that expectation.  Now within the quarter specifically, our government product lines, you can think of the Medicare lines and individual exchange lines ran largely in line with expectations, while our U.S. commercial business drove the favorability in the medical care ratio.  As it relates to the full year MCR outlook, we have improved the expectation by 15 basis points at the midpoint, reflecting the favorable third quarter experience, but no significant change in our fourth quarter MCR outlook compared to our prior expectations. So that's the way I'd encourage you to think about the 3Q versus 4Q dynamics.  As it relates to specific utilization patterns and categories and such, I actually wouldn't call out any specific categories in terms of driving outsized favorability. We did see some modest amount of inpatient favorability in the third quarter, particularly on higher unit cost procedures, which did contribute to that MCR outperformance.  But I'd also note that our site of care strategies continue to produce really strong results. A tangible example we often talk about is shifting inpatient procedures to outpatient, for example, on orthopedics. But the site of care strategies have advanced in many other areas as well. For example, Pathwell Specialty, which I talked about earlier, program we introduced that optimizes CytoCare for high-cost infusions of specialty drugs. Historically, these have been administered in the hospital outpatient setting. However, certain patients can experience equal or better clinical quality at a lower cost by having the infusion in their home.  So that's just an example of something that has continued to build over time and contributed to the favorable MCR performance we saw in the quarter.  So just to summarize, we're pleased with the performance, U.S. commercial drove the majority of the favorability in the third quarter. And as noted, the fourth quarter MCL is very consistent with our prior expectations.
Brian Evanko: Sure, David. Scott, maybe I'll take your questions in a little bit of a reverse order, and start with AEP and the growth expectations, then I'll get to the margin profile.  As David just referenced, we're really pleased with the growth in the MA book year-to-date. Customers are up 13% year-to-date 2023. And since 2019, as you know, we've gradually expanded our geographic footprint in this business, from covering just 20% of Medicare Advantage eligibles in 2019 to over 40% today. And for 2024, we have some further expansion transpiring, and we'll now have offerings in about 45% of the addressable market.  As we approach the 2024 bid cycle, we employed a micro market posture as we always do, and this resulted in stable benefits in most geographies and a few areas where we had targeted pullbacks and benefits in light of the funding environment.  Now it's really early in the AEP, as you can appreciate, and there's still several weeks to go. But taken all together, based on what we know today, we would expect to see net customer growth again in 2024.  As it relates to the margin profile, as we expected, our 2023 margins continue to be below our long-term target margin range, which is 4% to 5% on this book of business. You can think of this as primarily driven by administrative expenses as we have outsized investment spend and geographic expansion, product expansion and new capabilities.  So you should think of the MA margins as representing a source of future embedded earnings power that will contribute toward our long-term growth in Cigna Healthcare segment income over a multiyear basis.  For 2024, we expect to continue running below our long-term target margin range in this business. The final projected margin here will also be a function of geographic mix, product mix and customer duration mix, depending on how that shakes out in the AEP and across the balance of the year.  So we'll certainly be prepared to give you more detailed guidance during the fourth quarter call, but hopefully, that helps turn out.
Brian Evanko: Gary, it's Brian. So certainly, your point is well taken in terms of large price increases can have impacts on the customer volumes in disproportionate ways. We have to see how this cycle plays out in terms of the elasticity of the customer growth relative to those pricing actions.  To David's comments earlier on our tailwinds, this is one of several tailwinds that we have. So I would encourage you not to over-index on the customer volumes in terms of our ability to deliver against the $28 of earnings per share.  Just if you think about the context of this, it's a $5 billion block of business. Target margins, that's $250 million of profit. The midpoint of the 4% to 6% range. So if you think about the delta there, relative to the year-over-year, we're talking about $100 millions of income growth at the enterprise level.  So I just -- I would encourage you not to overindex on this one specific factor. But we're confident we're going to see the margin expansion. We're confident we'll see the income tailwind, and we'll give you more updated guidance on the fourth quarter call.
Brian Evanko: Dave, it's Brian. So on your first question on the MA utilization patterns, as I mentioned earlier, when we stepped into 2023, we expected more normalized utilization levels across all of our different product lines, and the claims experience is broadly in line with that.  And within the MA book specifically, throughout the entire year, we've seen elevated utilization in both outpatient and professional services in particular. But again, within the context of what we had forecasted and planned for. So the third quarter, our government lines ran broadly in line with where we expected them to. And as I said earlier, our U.S. commercial business really drove the favorability.  So again, the MA patterns were broadly a continuation of what we saw in the first half of the year, and our 2023 guidance and 2024 bids anticipate that these dynamics will continue as opposed to assuming any meaningful amount of cost abatement occurs.  On your second question on site of service, I did call out the Pathwell specialty example. But you should think of that as one of the many arrows that we have in the quiver, if you will. So the work we've been doing over the past several years has largely been moving inpatient to outpatient. We've been moving things from emergency rooms to urgent care, moving things from physician offices to virtual.  So Pathwell Specialty is another example of the evolution of our CytoCare program. So I wouldn't view that as the silver bullet here by any means, but it's an incremental contributor to the strategy we had in place for several years now.
Brian Evanko: Yes, as it relates to the adjusted home delivery and specialty scripts, you can think of a couple of different drivers in there. Specialty scripts continue to grow at attractive rates, so I think mid- to high single-digit-type unit growth. But given the relatively small numbers there, they're outweighed by what happens in home delivery.  So in that line item, you can think of 95% plus of the volume is home delivery, and less than 5% is specialty scripts, but attractive growth in specialty, which continues to drive the double-digit revenue growth that we've seen in that business all year.  The specific driver of the home delivery decrease, just to put a finer point on it, is we had a transitioning client that we've known about for several years, [indiscernible] had some outsized home delivery volumes, but we'll see some improvement in that on a go-forward basis with additional clients coming in.
David Cordani: Kevin, it's David. I'd ask you to step back and first look at the consistency of our performance over the years relative to the portfolio. And if you look at the -- our EPS CAGR, even over the past several years, with a slight downtick this year because of the investments we've made to onboard Centene and our outlook for 2024, we remain consistently within our growth algorithm of 10% to 13% on average EPS CAGR as we've delivered that over the last 3 years, 5 years and 10-year time horizon.  We called out a few of the headwinds and tailwinds to try to amplify some of the components. I would suggest that the first component, the outsized growth, and specifically the Centene contribution, given the offset in 2023, you can view that one as more directionally additive. That pushes us to the high end of the range from an EPS growth standpoint versus the low end of the range.  The other items that we've talked about are largely contemplated in the core parts of our business and the core parts of our operations on a go-forward basis. And as Brian and I both noted, we'll give you more detailed guidance on our fourth quarter call, as we typically do.
David Cordani: Josh, it's David. Let me speak to the commercial large market, and then frame your specific question relative to early traction with Village. And then I'm going to ask Eric to just describe a little bit more broadly the evolving relationship and the strategic work we continue to advance with Village.  First, specific to the commercial marketplace and the selling season. You did miss it, we didn't profile the 2024 outlook in any level of detail.  Stepping back, as Brian noted in his prior comment, we're really pleased with the 2023 results, now increasing the outlook for our overall lives for our Cigna Healthcare care portfolio, yet again, in excess of 1 million half lives, and coming off of a 2022 number, approaching 1 million lives.  For 2024, I give you some directional indicators at this point in time. First, big picture for the enterprise. We expect it to be another attractive year of growth for the Cigna Group in aggregate, specific to the commercial marketplace, we expect within the commercial marketplace portfolio, our results continue to be led by our sustained strong performance. The combination of our select segment and our middle market segment where our value proposition and our products and services are resonating quite well. Strong retention and good new business adds within that portfolio.  And then specific to National Accounts. Currently, our outlook for 2024 is on the benefit side of the equation, after some outsized growth in 2023, 2024 will look a little bit more normalized relative to prior years. And to remind you, strategically for that segment, we've expected to see that segment be a flat to slightly shrinking segment in the market in aggregate within the employer landscape. Our strategy has us maintaining share and deepening our relationship with our clients through our further expanding portfolio of specialty services.  So to put a circle around it, it will be another strong year of growth for the Cigna Group in aggregate, and the commercial portfolio in 2024 will be led by the sustained strength of the select and the middle market business.  Specific to Villages, a quick tee up to your comment. Our commercial employers today already are seeing a step function to benefit from our relationship with Village and then the Village Summit acquisition in the nature in which we've structured that relationship. So we were able to deliver a step function of value to our commercial clients already, be they self-funded, be they shared returns, be they guarantee cost from that standpoint.  And then the team is aggressively at work to further enhance the value proposition there.  And Eric, I'll just ask you to provide a little color in terms of the way in which the teams are working together to advance the value-based care traction.
David Cordani: Lance, it's David. I'll take the first part of your question. I'll ask Brian to address the second part of your question. . First, specific to Part D broadly, with the size, shape and scope of our enterprise today, it's a portion of our enterprise, but I would call it as not a significant part of our overall portfolio. That's not to dismiss the importance of it from a societal standpoint, by any stretch of imagination. But when you look at the scope of our enterprise approaching $200 billion of revenue this year, I would not call it as a significant component.  Secondly, inferred in your question, I would submit that we've underrealized or underleveraged the potential to effectively convert PDP lives or enroll PDP lives into MA. That's an untapped opportunity that exists within our portfolio today relative to our level of activity and initiation.  Lastly, in your comment, we do recognize that the PDP landscape is disrupted, based on some of the legislative and policy activities that have transpired. And we will effectively position our portfolio, obviously, to be responsive to that disruption. But we have the tools to be able to manage within our portfolio in totality.  I'll ask Brian to pick up the second piece of your question, just relative to the script volume and the puts and takes in the portfolio this past quarter.
David Cordani: First and foremost, thank you again for joining our call today and for the ongoing conversation.  Just to highlight and summarize our dialogue today, we are very pleased with our performance for the quarter and the momentum we've been able to carry now through 3 quarters of the year. And we remain on track to deliver our overall commitments for 2023.  We increased our outlook for adjusted EPS to at least $24.75 for full year 2023, as well as increasing the overall outlook we have for revenue, customer lives and cash flow based on our strong performance. And remain committed to our 2024 EPS objective of at least $28.  I do want to pause for a moment and thank my colleagues around the world. The health care landscape continues to change, with accelerated forces impacting our clients, our customers, our patients and our partners. And our team leads in day in, day out, working to make a positive difference, for those we have the benefit to serve, those we have the benefit to partner with, as well as our orientation around making a positive difference in the communities we work, serve and play in each and every day.  So I want to call out and thank our colleagues that continue to make such a positive difference in the marketplace each and every day.  With that, we look forward to our ongoing conversation and our future dialogues, both in person and investor events as well as our fourth quarter conversation coming up. Have a great day.
