David M. Cordani: Matthew, it's David. Let me just give you a little color of our approach to the individual and specifically, the exchange business and I'll tell you what we're seeing. First, our view of that marketplace is that 2014, 2015 and 2016 really represent version 1.0 of the market. So there's a lot to play out. For long-term success, we think that 3 things need to be in place. Clearly, insurance offerings that cover needed sick care, as well as proven preventative care. But in addition to that, for sustainability, we think 2 things are important. One is supporting engagement, incentive-based programs to get a more sustainable cost profile and health profile. And secondly, to enable ample network flexibility to engage and really focus on the high performing networks and the value-based networks, like our Cigna Collaborative Accountable Care networks. Now, my comments on our experience come back to the 5 states we're focused on in the exchanges to-date in about the dozen markets there. We saw 2 tranches of membership. The first tranche, and then we'll call the end of Q1, beginning of Q2 tranche. As we've discussed before, that first tranche was older than expected, purchased a little richer benefit profile than expected, and its utilization of services was higher than our expectations and higher than any of our competitors, classes of services, including oncology, maternity, muscular, skeletal, et cetera. The second tranche through the latter part of Q1, beginning part of Q2, which saw another surge. A bit younger profile purchased a bit leaner benefit profile; about the same amount of silver, but more bronze, less gold. Early to tell in terms of how that's playing out. But early signs are a little bit more favorable or a little healthier population. As we look to the second half in the year, we are anticipating to continue to see pressure here and our MCR outlook contemplates that, they will need to see pressure, and what we think is we're in the early part of a shake out here in 2014. Our final note is, we've positioned this business to be manageable. We didn't expect to make money. We're not making money here and there is some more pressure. It's manageable within the broad, diverse portfolio that makes up our company right now.
David M. Cordani: Matthew, so -- directionally, through the first half of the year, we've accrued a total of about $60 million, $65 million after tax. The majority of that is in reinsurance. And our outlook contemplates a similar pattern in the second half of the year based on the experience we're seeing right now.
David M. Cordani: Yes, sure, Justin. And so stepping back. We believe that this marketplace has the potential for being a sustainable, attractive market. And what does that mean? A 3% to 5% margin business we would have to be able to see to get the returns that we would expect. So firmly grounded in that. Two, in the early shakeout period, we knowingly went into a market that we didn't expect that to transpire, given the profile of the states, the dynamics in the moving parts. Three, well, we expected to have earnings pressure in this book of business. The rate of earnings pressure is growing. And even some of your peers put out, at the end of the first quarter is that number in the $50 million, $60 million range? That was order of magnitude first quarter, assume that that pressure continues to mount a little bit beyond that, based on our outlook and even without in our outlook for 2014, we're able to not only achieve, but increase our overall earnings expectations, which we're proud of in the diversified portfolio. And then finally, as we look to 2015, we're going to remain in the 5 states we're in. Our expectations is that we're going to enter 3 additional targeted states with targeted focus with our collaboratives, apply some of our learning from this year, and make no doubt about it. Our expectation is improve off of the 2014 results, which is not sustainable. So long term, we would need a 3% to 5% margin expectation. Secondly, earnings pressure in 2014 exists and is increasing, but we're managing that within our overall portfolio. And lastly, we would expect to improve on this result in 2015.
David M. Cordani: Scott, it's David. I'll give a little bit in terms of how we look at the business through the first 6 months and ask Tom to give you the specific reconciliation of the MLR. As you know, we were very clear as we stepped into 2014, that we expected '14 and '15 to be a pretty disruptive marketplace, great pressure, industry fee, et cetera. It's also important to note that this is a market that is highly valued by seniors, with now fully, a 30% of all Medicare coverage are MA, high satisfaction rates, industry wide for MA, driven by higher engagement with physicians that are clinical outcomes, better services. Today, we're actually pleased with the targeted actions we implemented to improve the overall results, actions that included some product positioning, pricing actions, but very targeted network movements, as well as targeted medical management. And important to note that, as you indicated, our year-to-date loss ratio is in line with our expectations for both the first half of the year, as well as our full outlook. The only other qualitative comment I would give you is there are no unique hotspots by market that I would call out for you. There's a portfolio we're managing, but there's no unique hotspots. I will ask Tom to give you a little bit of a reconciliation of movement, Q-to-Q. But overall, expectations are in line with what we had for the first 6 months in the year.
David M. Cordani: Okay Scott, it's David. A little color on both. Relative to 2015 -- and again, we'll speak to the national account piece because that's where we have some visibility. Important to remember, we define that buying segment a little more narrowly than the market does in total. So when I give you a comment, it's commercial employers with 5,000 or more employees that are multistate. So we defined a little bit more tightly. And also, important to note our strategic objective has been to hold market share in aggregate in a marketplace that's shrinking, while growing our penetration and engagement incentives and specialty-based programs. So as we look to the marketplace, for new business opportunities, year-over-year, we've had about the same looks in terms of the size of the pipeline and our kind of view of what's emerging there is that our win ratio will be similar year-over-year on new business. Second point, on the portion of our book of business that was out to bid year-over-year, our percent of our book of business that was out to bid was up somewhat year-over-year, driven by the cycle of the contracts we have. Within that, our retention rate of wins of those pieces of businesses that are out to bid are about the same. But because the percent that was out is a little higher, our net losses will be a little higher year-over-year. Putting the picture altogether for 2015, we're not giving you guidance. We'd expect to see continued progress in terms of some new business sales, continued penetration of our specialty and engagement-based capabilities, which are critical and we've got good traction, and a little softer retention rate than we had over the prior year, which was an outstanding retention rate. Last note I would say here, it's good to get through this year because, again, a meaningful percentage of our book of business was out to bid based on contractual cycle. And the team is going to come through that pretty favorably. As it relates to private exchanges, as we noted, early, I mean that innovation cycle, may present long-term attractive marketplace that we're clearly engaged in. That marketplace has to have transparent products and services that engage individuals variability around the incentive programs and a lot of flexibility for ongoing innovation, so programs can remain sustainable, affordable, et cetera. To date, we're positioned in the vast majority of exchanges. The activity we've seen was -- has been a lot of interest in exploration, including our own proprietary, but a modest amount of net movement. So netting it altogether from a Cigna standpoint, net-net, kind of a de minimis movement of wins and losses, but interest in the space. And the key here is demonstration of long-term value creation on which we think that dialogue will continue into '16 and '17.
David M. Cordani: And Carl, it's David. Maybe to add on, when we say proportionate, to Tom's very important point in terms of more premium, as you know, the premium is raving and ramping up throughout the course of the year. So don't think about it as absolute dollar amount. Think about it in proportion to premium. So to your hypothesis, it will grow somewhat, but we're not signaling a tremendous spike in the last portion of the year, but rather a proportionate pattern to our current premium profile in the first half of the year.
David M. Cordani: Carl, just at a macro level, the individual business, think about -- we've said before, 250,000 to 300,000 lives. We do expect to be approaching 300,000 lives, and maybe stepping back a little bit. Slightly less than 50% of that is ACA un-exchanged business that we're dealing with in terms of our portfolio. As it relates to percent of the guaranteed cost business, it's ranging between 25% and 30%, and as we trail toward the end of the year, we'd expect it to push up towards 30%.
David M. Cordani: Ralph, it's David. I think that's an important point. Stepping back, when you look at that cost trend, we talked about that aggregate commercial cost trend is across our commercial portfolio. So to remind you, greater than 90% of our commercial portfolio is ASO, about 85%, another 7% or so insured returns, and then the residual, somewhat less than 10% in guaranteed costs in total. So that's the block in totality. We've consistently delivered a very attractive competitive trend there, and we're quite pleased with the fact, that while we entered the year with an expectation at the low end of competitive range of 5% to 6%, as Tom noted in his prepared remarks, our year-to-date trend is below that range. So a number that starts with a 4. Hence, we improved that outlook to 4.5% to 5.5%. That's separable from looking at the guaranteed cost on loss ratio. So the underlying medical trend for the aggregate portfolio is performing very well. Why? Great penetration of aligned incentive and engagement-based programs, strong clinical management, and then continued emerging leverage of our physician partnerships in those collaborations. So that's transpiring. If you come back to Tom's point, in our employer guaranteed cost book of business, our MCRs are right where we expected them to be, great execution, medical cost trend netting to a favorable result and a very strong result. The simple delta in the guaranteed cost MLRs is driven by the individual block of business, which is a large percentage, as I noted, before 25% to 30% of the guaranteed cost portfolio.
David M. Cordani: So Josh, think about our individual book of business being in the 275,000 to 300,000 range, with the ACA lives in excess of 100,000, and we're not flagging a big trend down for the year. We may move from 300,000 down to 280,000 in that range, but we're not flagging a big trend down for the year. When we look at the drivers here, though, important to note, we see the kind of pressure in the aggregate individual book of business because most of our individual lives are in states that allowed the movement of the -- keeping plans and movement to the ACA piece. So take this entire 300,000 lives, look through the revenue that goes along with that, ACA is in excess of 100,000, and again, 300,000 for the full year, potentially rating down to 280,000 by the end of the year.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Kevin. It's David. As we noted previously, we're pleased with the traction, thus far, through the first 6 months, and some of the actions we've taken to -- in targeted geographies to sharpen the networks, further accelerate some of the clinical programs are paying dividends and results. As we look into 2015, our primary expansion strategy in 2015 will be to leverage additional counties off of some of our new market entries from 2014. So thinking order of magnitude, 40 to 50 additional counties that lever off of market entrees we went in, in 2014. Off of that, there'll be some county exits as all, but the net result will be total entry of additional counties. As it relates to benefit positioning, we'll step into 2015 with a notion of continuing to maintain an attractive benefit profile. As you know, the HealthSpring model has the ability because of its efficiency with the physician partnerships to build some additional benefit richness for the benefit of our respective customers. And we expect to maintain a good level of attractiveness, especially in how they are integrated and how they engage markets. And therefore, we would expect to grow as we step into 2015.
David M. Cordani: Relative to guaranteed cost, say, for, again, the portion that's in the individual block of business, it's a smaller portfolio for us -- a well- performing, but smaller portfolio. What we continue to see, most specifically here, Kevin, is continued very strong appetite for ASO stop-loss programs that are highly transparent, and work very collaboratively within employers to get the incentives aligned. We see higher levels of engagement and therefore, better returns. So as we've discussed in prior calls, we will frequently offer a guaranteed cost in an ASO stop-loss programs side-by-side, either for new business or renewal. And we continue to see the take-up on the ASO stop-loss. Order of magnitude, think about in our new business sales in the select segment, so 50 to 250 less employers, about 70% of all of our new business sales are ASO stop-loss versus 2 years ago is 50-50 guaranteed costs. So still a third in guaranteed cost, but that ASO stop-loss and transparent proposition continues to hunt very attractively.
David M. Cordani: No. Broadly speaking, I would say the pricing environment continues to be competitive, but no major change. And when you say planned shift, I would just add to that, it's our consultative approach, where we're a bit agnostic at the end of the day as to which funding alternatives an employer takes, because in that space, either of them are highly penetrated with specialty portfolios, and what we want to do is provide choice. And thus far, the choice has led to more of the transparent funding mechanism. So it's planned full in terms of providing choice, but the marketplace is telling us they value that choice more so with the 70% of new business sales being ASO stop-loss.
David M. Cordani: So Christine, to add onto that, if you take Tom's comments relative to the employer guaranteed cost portfolio, that continues to perform very positively and in line with our expectations, as is the overall medical cost trend. We're just trying to highlight that impact of the individual block of business is more disproportionate in guaranteed cost, but the medical cost trend is benefiting all of our employer block of business.
David M. Cordani: Our aggregate trend is decelerating 50 basis points, and you should think about that as across our entire employer block of business.
David M. Cordani: You should think about the stop-loss book of business as a large book of business, a large book of business that covers both regional, as well as smaller employers with various attachment points and configurations, and a book of business that has grown, continues to perform well, and is repriced in a dynamic fashion. But the current economic environment benefits, very importantly, the employers through lower medical costs, and we benefit from some of that through the design of the stop-loss programs, and the stop-loss programs exist.
David M. Cordani: Yes, Ana, it's David. Nothing to speculate who's getting selected for and against. I think the important thing here is a couple-fold, and I'll come back to your risk adjustment in a second. We are in the very early phase of the establishment of a new market, and it is clearly dynamic and somewhat volatile, one. Two, we sought the position. Our play in that marketplace is focused, targeted and manageable within the overall portfolio, and our aggregate earnings reinforce that. Three, any selection dynamic is going to be state-specific; that is, playing through, and we'll kind of flush through as the 2015 renewal cycle transpires. And finally, as Tom referenced in a prior comment, on the, I'll call, the other 2 Rs other than reinsurance, while we've recognized some level there, we've sought to be on the conservative or prudent range. Hence, there may be some additional opportunity there. But again, we're trying to give a lot of visibility to this book, make sure our shareholders understand that it's manageable within our portfolio even though there's pressure in it. And finally, beyond what we think is the conservative end of some of the assumptions on the other 2 Rs, given the volatility of the market.
David M. Cordani: I'm not too concerned about a second mover advantage at this point. This is a new market, a very dynamic and moving marketplace. I think the most important point back to yours is ensuring laser-focus of specific resources, understanding the performance of the book of business, targeting benefit designs, pricing models, et cetera, and finally, where possible, leveraging our collaborative relationships so this population is becoming more actively managed more rapidly because what we're seeing in the utilization is an under-managed or underserved population. So I don't think the second mover advantage is an issue in the markets we're talking about, and we would expect a lot of movement in the markets in 2015. It's still a very immature marketplace.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Andy. It's David. Just broadly speaking, first, our strategy has guided us to drive continued operating improvements in the business, and I'm proud of the fact that our organization has rallied around that. And you've seen continued improvement in our operating expense ratio, which has, in part, created further and further capacity for ongoing investment. 2014 marked another year when you adjust for the industry tax and improvements in our operating expense ratios. Our results are strong and in line with our expectations year-to-date, and our expectation in the second half of the year is that we'll see increased strategic spending. Give you some examples: staffing and capacitation to support new Medicaid expansion and contracts; two, readiness for our January new business; expanded marketing and branding programs; expanding distribution, as well as geographic investments in our international business; and then ongoing technological investments. Stepping back, I think we've demonstrated a good balance of making sure the rate, pace and timing of investments are prudent, and the returns is demonstrated with our sustained growth rate, are also there. So that gives you a little example of what we're contemplating in the second half of the year, and the team will continue to be disciplined relative to that.
David M. Cordani: Andy, it's David. I would say slight. So as the unemployment rate has come down somewhat, as you know, unfortunately, for the country, in part, some of that is people leaving the workforce. Say, for that, in some of our industries, we've seen the rate of -- I'll call it dis-enrollment, or attrition, slow, sensitized, and in some cases, a little in-group growth. So small movement. I wouldn't signal a spike by any stretch of the imagination, but small movement from a continued dis-enrollment to a stabilization to, in many of the industries, a bit of an uptick of enrollment.
David M. Cordani: Absolutely. As we flag strategically, we see the national account segment as a net shrinking segment in the country right now based on a whole variety of reasons of employment profile. Commercially, as you go down market, the select, our 50 to 250 life employer market, we see some attractive growth there both organically in the employer profile, as well as our share of that.
David M. Cordani: Yes, Peter, I would caution you not to extrapolate the comments on the national account commercial portfolio to the aggregate book of business, number one. Two, we're quite proud of the fact that we've had a high retention rate in aggregate across our businesses, and net growth year-over-year that has been profitable net growth year-over-year. My comments were specifically to the national account, and specifically to retention because the contractual cycle we were in with many cases had those cases out to bid, but our overall retention rate, when the dust settles, will be attractive. We would expect the ability to grow in 2015. I'm not giving you guidance. The strength of our regional segments, which is the largest segment of our portfolio, the strength of the select segment, which is the fastest growing portion of our portfolio, continues to perform very well. And in part, our aggregate enterprise retention is driven by just what you pointed at, a tremendous medical cost trend on a competitive basis that is benefiting clients and customers that we're serving. So overall, the portfolio is in good shape, and our commercial growth is expected to be positive, both competitively as well as in absolute terms next year.
David M. Cordani: Yes, if you step back and look at the last handful of years, our performance in the national segments have been totally line with our strategic expectations. So holding share, changing profile of the business to more engagement incentive-based, and driving specialty program penetration. So for example, when we talk about 2015, you'll see further specialty penetration. So deepening share of wallet, which enables us to actually have deeper and broader clinical programs, which fuels our ability to deliver the returns for our clients, and we would expect to see continued success there. So there are no specific unique actions. We're just signaling the fact that we had a higher percentage of our book of business out to bid. You'll see a small variance in national accounts, which won't be a big variance for the enterprise in totality, given the strength of the regional and the select segment.
David M. Cordani: David, it's David. So I made a brief reference to this previously. So in the first tranche of lives that came on, we saw much, much higher utilization of services. So categories, I'm not going to give you the traditional inpatient, outpatient professional because it cuts across multiple categories, but think about major episodes of care: oncology, maternity, musculoskeletal, as examples. And some of those categories of care would tell you that it was pent-up demand or services in flight that are assumed in the portfolio. But the second tranche for the latter part of Q1, beginning part of Q2, suggests that a bit younger population, you make a reference to pharmacy, the combination of the demographics, and early analytics on pharmacy and the like, would infer somewhat of a healthier population, so opportunity to see some stabilization there. We need to see that play through the population as we go in the second half of the year. As it relates to actions, all of the above, right, product positioning, network sharpening, clinical management programs. And again, you have an under-served population in many cases that we need to get involved in clinical management. So all of those opportunities present positive dimensions to increase clinical quality and engagement, which will improve costs, which improves sustainably from affordability, but pricing, network and clinical management programs, all being targeted in specific geographies and specific programs for '15.
David M. Cordani: So David, it's David. So relative to '15, we're not going to provide guidance for '15 at this point. Consistently, it's too early in the cycle. Before I get to headwind and tailwinds, it's important to note that our underlying working assumption is that the '15 marketplace will continue to be a disrupted and challenging marketplace. Continuation of ACA implementation, Medicare revenue pressure version 2.0, the shakeout of the public exchanges, the global economy being fragile. In that context, we're proud of the fact that we have a well-positioning international business, that as we prefaced in our prepared remarks, the individual as well as the group portion of that are performing well. Secondly, a very well performing effective Group Insurance portfolio that has performed well and will continue to perform well, within the employer landscape, sustained traction within our largest segment, which is the regional segment, as well as our fastest-growing segment, which is the select portfolio. Against that backdrop, we have the disruption of ACA implementation, Medicare disruption public exchanges, and then lastly, for us, will continue to be the rate and pace of our strategic investments. We've been prudent. We've created the capacity to invest, but the rate and pace of our strategic investments, so both outside the U.S. and inside the U.S., will come into play in terms of the net guidance we provide as we approach 2015.
David M. Cordani: A.J., it's David. I know you never whither on pressure, so no problem there. I'll address the PBM question, and I'll ask Tom to address the ongoing capital management philosophy and strategy. As we've discussed before, PBM is well-positioned and a strong performing asset. In fact, in our statistical supplement, you'll see continued growth in PBM lives. We took a couple of strategic steps to further advance our capabilities there, examples of share repurchasing leverage, access to a leverage of a leading technological platform and opportunities for future shared innovation. Programs tracking well is the headline. It's tracking well from the external marketplace. It's tracking well in terms of our operating plans. And as we go into the latter portion of this year, again, we'll continue to manage the rate and pace of investments in that program. But the net headline there is we continue to be pleased with our underlying value proposition, the overall program, and the marketplace feedback continues to be very positive. I'll ask Tom to talk about the ongoing capital management strategy and philosophy.
David M. Cordani: Thank you for joining today's call. To conclude, I'd like to emphasize just a few key points from our discussion this morning. Cigna's second quarter results were strong, and reflect meaningful revenue and earnings contributions from each of our business segments. Our performance was driven by the continued effective execution of our clear and focused strategy, and the contributions of our more than 35,000 talented colleagues that work around the world. We continue to strengthen our differentiated distribution capabilities across our diversified businesses to improve the health, well-being and sense of security of the people we serve around the globe. Based in part on our first half performance, we are confident in achieving our increased outlook for 2014 on a full year basis, and we remain committed to achieving our long-term average annual EPS growth of 10% to 13%. Thank you, again, for joining us this morning and your continued interest in Cigna, and we look forward to continuing our discussion in the future.
Thomas A. McCarthy: So Justin, I'd say there's 3 major headlines related to our GC MCR this quarter, and I'd like to make sure you take away and then I will get into some of the nitty-gritty. First, as David said, our employer group business MCR continues to perform well and remains very consistent with our expectations. Second, the primary driver of the increased GC MCR on this from our individual business. And then, finally, as you'd, expect in period-to-period comparisons, there are number of moving parts that are reflected in the quarterly results, and I'll get into that in a minute. So looking at the sequential increase, second quarter '14 versus first quarter '14, first, there was more a favorable prior year development recorded in the first quarter than the second -- that's kind of a normal pattern. Second, there is continued pressure from individual results. And individual share of our guaranteed cost business continues to increase as the individual business grows quarter-to-quarter. And then, finally, there's an impact from benefit structure across all of our risk business, reflecting the increased impact of deductibles, which results in a low first quarter MCR. So the combination of these 3 factors pushed the reported MCR and GC up by, probably, 7 points sequentially. The impact on the quarter, MCR is about evenly spread across all 3 of these factors. So reserve development individual pressure and benefit structure about evenly account for the 7-point sequential increase. Again, adding it all together, our employer business MCR remains consistent with our expectations and outlook, and our individual MCR is still high and likely to push our full year MCR to the high end of our range.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Scott, you've pretty much hit on the key factor in the sequential increase first quarter '14 to second quarter '14. Much of the increase relates to favorable prior reserve development that was reported in our first quarter results. If you adjust for the PYD, the MCR increased from about 84% in the first quarter to about 85% in the second quarter. So this is consistent with our expectations and our outlook for the full year. That 1% increase is within the range of expectations for normal quarterly variance here ad likely also reflects some deferral of services from the first quarter into the second quarter, which would be very consistent with the low utilization recorded in the first quarter.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Carl, I know there's been some commentary on that lately. I mean, our expectation is that the 3R impact, when you net through all of them, all the Rs, the reinsurance, the risk adjustments in this quarter, it will probably be proportionate through the balance of the year.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Well, a few things going on, right. We will have more premium as we go through the -- Year 2, and we would also tend to develop claims to expected outcomes, and have some share of that reflected in our accruals to date.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Well, Ralph, again, I don't think we're going to get into the specifics of that level of detail. But again, as far as the sequential increase, individual again accounted for about 1/3 of that 7-point sequential increase, and the GC MCR was performing exactly as we'd expect. Now there's a few things going on in the GC MCR. We've got some things coming out, like limited medical. We've got some things coming in, like pricing for the health insurance tax. And we've got, as we talked about, the benefit structure changes running through the quarters. But adjusting for all those things, GC MCR is exactly where we expected it to be, very consistent with our expectations. And again, as we look to the outlook, we're staying in the range that we talked about, but acknowledging that given the pressure in individual, we're going to be hanging out at the high end of that range.
Thomas A. McCarthy: So Josh, let's go back to the major headlines here. Again, we've got the -- you've got that already, I think, employer group, as we expect individuals, the source of the pressure, there's a number of moving parts. So the number of moving parts can be instructive in the quarter-over-quarter comparison, right? The quarter over -- in the quarter-over-quarter comparison, the most significant impact in the MCR increase is individual. That explains about 3/4 of the 400 basis point increase, and some of that relates to the fact that we had very low MCR individual business in the first quarter of last year. And now, we're to an average higher MCR individual business in the first quarter of this year. So that dynamic really is impacting the quarterly results, and obviously, we're also showing individual as a higher share of our premium in the second quarter of 2014, and I think you probably low-balled the ACA premium estimates in your math.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Well, Josh, the first question on the currency. We call that -- now just to make sure people stay grounded on growth rates in Global Supp, in the overall scheme of things, it's about a $4 million impact. So it's not really that material to earnings. On the reserve study question, I mean, this is -- we've got a consistent track record of continuing to refine our return to work in productivity programs in our disability business, and over time, some of those outlooks show up in the run rate of the business, and some of those outcomes show up in the reserve studies. So while we don't actually specifically plan on a reserve study benefit, we do plan on operational improvements that will improve results in disability. So it's one of these things -- that specific study and the results from that specific study weren't planned for, but some level of improvement in group results was planned for and contemplated in the outlook.
Thomas A. McCarthy: We expected some improvement in the year. Quite frankly, we didn't necessarily expect it this quarter. It's kind of over the course of the year, but that's -- you have got the general idea. We were expecting improvements.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Well, Christine, I'd say that we just want to be clear. There are 2 different reference points. One is the total commercial book for trend, and one is the GC book for the MCR. And in fact, in the overall trend result, we don't get the disproportion impact on -- from individual on our overall business, and the GC MCR is disproportionately impacted from individual. Now they run in the same range. So it's not like we're calling out major differences on the employer group business, and depending on what program type people select, but there certainly is a big difference in the relative impact of individual. It's disproportionately impacting the guaranteed cost MCR, and it really has a minimal impact, given it's such a small piece of our overall business and the overall book of business trend result.
Thomas A. McCarthy: As it relates to reinsurance, yes. Again, as it relates to the other Rs, we are being a little thoughtful about knowing that the information there is still a little scarce, so -- trying to be cautious in how we're accruing that.
Thomas A. McCarthy: It's a component, but I wouldn't call it a big component, Ana. I mean, again, the dynamic for the year is very high MCRs in the ACA-related business. And that business will grow over the year, both in the momentum of enrollment. And also, we do expect lapses in our legacy individual business throughout the year, and off period enrollment into ACA program. So the dynamic will be shifting towards more ACA business as we go through the year.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Again, A.J., there's really not much news there. As you know, our preference is to deploy capital to support organic growth or find attractive shareholder value creation, creating acquisitions that we can deploy capital for. Absent that, right now, our primary vehicle to return capital to shareholders is share repurchase. We do periodically evaluate whether a dividend should play a more important in that, but right now, we haven't really made any change in direction.
