Annmarie Hagan: Good morning Matthew, it's Annemarie. I'll take that first part of the question on the expat claims and then I’ll ask David to comment on the impact of reform on expat. You're right, last quarter, we talked about a $5 million and a better-than-expected run rate on the claim. When I look at the total international operations, so, including Health care and Health, Life & Accident, as well as Expatriate Benefits, through the six months, we probably had about $15 million to $20 million all in that was better-than-expected claims results primarily as it relates to some seasonality. So as we look first half to second half, there was somewhere in the neighborhood of 15, primarily in expat, that we would not expect to recur in the balance of the year.
Annmarie Hagan: Sure, Matthew. It's Annmarie. Relative to our VADBe results, as we’ve discussed before, these results have been in the break even range over the last four to five quarters. As we noted in our prepared remarks and in our press release, if the market levels continue to have that low level of sustained interest rate, as well as the volatility that we've experienced in the S&P, we've indicated that we could have a charge. Now to put that in perspective to get to your specific question, we did disclose our sensitivities relative to the S&P closed at around 11.20, 11.25 at the end of June, a 10% change in that. S&P level Matthew would hit the reserves by about $10 million to $15 million after-tax. In addition, relative to our interest rate environment, we have seen sustained grow levels of interest. Just to put some prospective around that because I think these are the two sensitivities that are most important for you to think about. The interest rate sensitivity as you know, our growth rate is about 5% and our critical accounting estimates in our 10-K, we would indicate that a 50 basis point change in interest rates would be about $15 million to $20 million. Now the only other thing I’d put an exclamation point on there is when we think about our interest rate, it's a long-term growth rate assumption. And I wouldn't think of that sensitivity as it relates to the short-term rates that we're hearing today, like be 0.4%, 0.5% range so relative to that, when I think about interest rate, the seven to 10 year kind of treasury rate is in the 3.5% range and even that is not necessarily a strong proxy for the sensitivity that we have as it relates to our VADBe reserve. So order of magnitude, if you had an interest rate worry would you think of it in the $10 million to $50 million range, potentially. But probably more than you asked for but I thought it would be a full sum disclosure to talk about those couple of sensitivities that we have out there.
Annmarie Hagan: Sure, Josh, Annemarie here. Relative to the Private Fee for Service fees, so that what we've talked about is that during the year, we had more individual Private Fee for Service than we may have expected. So I assume that's the question you're really going at. Through six months, we would think our paid claim levels are about as we expected and as I noted in my prepared remarks, we are continuing to assume that was break even. To date, we've received no additional information that would make us change our expectations around the health of the population that we talked with you all about after the first quarter. So pretty good through six months, albeit as you know, as well as I do, that this type of individual claim reporting is a little bit longer. So we'll continue to update that as we go into the third and fourth quarter. Relative to your specific question around 2011, on the individual piece, we have indicated that we have not filed for individual Private Fee for Service whether it be on a network-based or a non-network-based and then I'm sure you're aware of our new Humana relationship on the group side, which I'd ask David to comment on for you.
Annmarie Hagan: Christine, its Annemarie. No, your math is not off. Given the seasonality of this and as any new business or any loss reserves are put up we do put provisions for adverse deviation on. There's also some of the timing relative to the expense recognition on Private Fee for Service. So if you think about the pattern, it's almost like a Part D type pattern. So first quarter, you have losses. Second quarter, you have some profits coming, you know the six months number in the low single-digit loss category. And then through the balance of the year, you have a slight uptick so that the full year is breakeven but there is seasonality relative to the recognition of our provisions for adverse deviation, as well as our expense recognition.
Annmarie Hagan: Sure, Christine. Relative to the $26 million it was around $20 million in guaranteed costs with the balance of it primarily in our shared return stock.
Annmarie Hagan: Yes, Christine, at that point in time, we're not prepared to answer that actual split, as David mentioned in his earlier comments, as we get more clarity around things, we'll be as transparent with you all as possible.
Annmarie Hagan: Thanks, John, Annmarie. Relative to the lower utilization, remember, overall, on at least the guaranteed cost book of business, you're talking about a small book of business and that utilization probably attributed about $10 million after-tax to the results through the first quarter. In addition, I'll remind you that from an overall book, we’ve really only changed our trend by about 50 basis points, so good news, lower utilization good news, I might not necessarily say weak but actually good news there and a lot of it is due to flu and therefore we’re seeing it come through in bits and pieces across inpatient, pharmacy and professional, but order of magnitude, we have not materially changed our trend number. I think the only thing that really changed in the trend number was the pharmacy we might have said was high single digits and now I might say mid to high. And as it relates to that, given that it’s not a material move, we don't expect material price change. As we go into 2011, we'll obviously be considering all the components of what's going on with health care reform, as well as kind of our trend perspective. And as typical, we would expect to price, I'm not trying to forecast 2011 at this point, but our typical process is to price at about trend.
Annmarie Hagan: I say they’re about zero, kind of in a breakeven kind of perspective from a trend perspective. So typically it might be like plus a half a point minus a half a point. They're at about breakeven.
Annmarie Hagan: John, there are two parts of the many moving parts within the VADBe liability. So obviously, there are two important ones but I don't want to pretend that it’s as simple as saying, in answer to that question, we could project what will happen. So remind you again that at June, we feel good about our long-term reserve assumptions and feel good about the breakeven results. The flag that I had out there for you was, again if it continues to your point, and the bigger piece of the uncertainty right now is around the interest rate. So I think I said when I was talking earlier that relative to the interest rates, wouldn't look exactly at the low levels that’s there today, the short-term rate because that's not necessarily representative of what we expect to happen over the long term. I used something like the seven to 10 year treasury as a proxy but even that is not necessarily indicative of what we take as a long term rate. So if I had to be boxed into a number, I would say somewhere in the $10 million to $50 million range. But there are a lot of moving parts and really we need to stay tuned and watch that. And again, we have outlined our sensitivities. But again, they’re just two of the moving parts. Other things could move favorably to offset that as well.
Annmarie Hagan: Order of magnitude. I guess my main message here John, is that I think at the end of the day, this is not catastrophic or huge. It's a manageable number that we might expect.
Annmarie Hagan: No, I wouldn't add those together, John. I would actually look at all the moving parts that’s potentially in that range.
Annmarie Hagan: Doug, it's Annmarie. Just to make sure and clarify what you said there, prior to the, what I’ll frame as a debacle of market environment in 2008, we have been pretty much breakeven for VADBe for quite some time. So I just want to be clear that there weren’t a lot charges that where happening before that, we had been break even for some period of time. Relative to your specific question as it relates to what charge we would have to take to be done with it, I don't want to comment on that specifically because that's a hard question to answer. Having said that, we as a management team are very focused on continuing to identify solutions to either mitigate further or ultimately eliminate the VADBe exposure as we’ve talked about. And we specifically cover in our capital deployment conversation as well. But relative to a specific number, I'm not in a position to give you that at this point in time.
Annmarie Hagan: Sure. You're right that we do a review of that at year end, relative to the return, we feel good about the overall return on our portfolio through six months. They're generally in line with our long-term assumption of around 8%. And as you might recall, we did adjust discount rate at the end of last year. So your guess is as good as mine as to what's going to specifically happen relative to interest rate as we move into the latter part of the year and select our discount rate. But we did go to a lower number as we close 2009.
Annmarie Hagan: Carl, it's Annmarie. Thank you for pointing that out. Yes, as we move ahead through the balance of the year, the other segments do have some number contemplated in there for health care reform, the interest rate on the debt, et cetera. So I would not necessarily run rate the $45 million that I have through the first half. And that's really the $145 million’s our best estimate at this point in time as to what we think the second half would run at.
Annmarie Hagan: Sure, Scott. It's Annmarie. You're correct, we did talk in the first quarter of about $10 million after-tax and it was related primarily to the retiree medical and the other compensation. Order of magnitude, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we do expect to spend a little bit more in the second half relative to health care reform and I would say that the number for the full year across the entire enterprise is approximately $20 million.
Annmarie Hagan: The only thing I’d add onto that, Peter, is as I noted in my prepared remarks, we are seeing good growth in 2010 as it relates to the experience-rated product and as David said, further opportunity as we move ahead.
Annmarie Hagan: Peter, it's Annmarie. We talk about the guaranteed cost MLR, quite honestly given that, that’s a fully risk business. However, when you go to our statistical supplement you, we do have the total MLR in there as well, and the only thing I’d -- so I don't think that there's any necessity to break out anything different as we move forward. The only thing I'd add to David's comments is relative to the shared returns product, I would think of it along a continuum just to clarify what you were saying about guarantees. So you have your guaranteed cost, which is your traditional full risk business, and then you have your ASL where the large employers want their own – want to see their own experience and sometimes cover that with some catastrophic cover-up up at the top. The experience rate of business is kind of that, which kind of falls in between, so it’s that mid-sized employer that wants to be rated in price based on their own experience, but it isn’t exactly ready yet to make that transition up to the full ASO product. So that's the way I would look at it, a longer continuum. So to David's point, transparent on their own experience, and that's how the rating goes.
Annmarie Hagan: Sure, Justin. It's Annmarie. Relative to kind of quantifying what we see as additional spending in the second half as it relates to health care, now remember, I'm talking about that core medical, the medical operating expense line that you'll see in the quarterly statistical supplement. As I noted in my prepared remarks, that is smart strategic investment that we think is prudent given what's going on relative to our growth strategy and also some acceleration because we think it's prudent to advance the compliance expense. Order of magnitude, I think for that is about $10 million to $15 million after tax. As relative to your $150 million the $250 million, I’d just remind you again that we are committed to continuing to identify opportunities to improve our operating efficiencies. As we talked before, we didn't give any specific timing or quantification of how that would fall into '11 and '12, but we are still committed to making the right balances and trade-offs, identifying operating efficiencies and ensuring that we are continuing to invest smartly to ensure that we're well-positioned for the opportunities around health care reform, to ensure that we're well positioned relative to compliance. The final thing I'll say there is we are going through our process as we speak. And we're not in a position yet to give out 2011 guidance, obviously, but as we get closer to that, we'll give you more visibility into those numbers for 2011 and beyond.
Annmarie Hagan: So Justin, just to put in perspective, 2008, I don't need to remind you that those type of capital markets, knock on wood, are not what we’re thinking about as we move through the balance of the year. And if you’ll recall, the S&P has to go down pretty far for it to impact our dividend-paying capability. So I would think that in the near term, if we had any charge in the second half, it would be manageable from both a dividend-paying capability from the sub, as well as potential earnings impact.
Annmarie Hagan: Not at this point in time but I still want to emphasize I don’t want people walking around thinking that we have a known $50 million to $100 million exposure in VADBe. We're just flagging that there could be some charged in the second half, and I’ve given an order of magnitude and the $10 million to $50 million really to be representative that we don't think it's catastrophic here.
David Cordani: Matthew, good morning, it's David. On the second point, first, by way of backdrop, whether it’s expat or other issues, we continue to work very closely with HHS, the White House staff and the NAIC. And as you know, things continue to evolve. Let me give you just a minute of background on expat and then directionally answer your question. Our expat portfolio is large and broad. And what I mean by that there's insured coverage and there’s ASO coverage. There's coverage for U.S. domiciled employers and non-U.S. domiciled employers. Therefore, there's a variety of services being consumed both in the U.S. as well as outside the U.S. And additionally, as I believe you know, it's a pretty complex offering with a different administrative service profile so was the breadth of the global network, 24/7, 365, the multilingual service, up through and including evacuation services, present a very different type of offering than a traditional commercial employer offering. The reason why I provide that backdrop is that’s a lot of the conversation that's been happening with White House staff, HHS and the NAIC to make sure they understand the overall design of the programs, how they're consumed, who they're targeted for, et cetera. It's early to draw conclusion but as we said in our prepared remarks at this point, we believe the direct impact of finalization of the health-care reform is manageable for our business and we'll obviously stay quite transparent and open with you when it comes to closure.
David Cordani: Josh, on the group network-based program, we're delighted to have the relationship we secured with Humana as both the distribution and service alliance. So for our employer customers, we've been able to secure a best-in-class network service and clinical offering to be coordinated up against our commercial offering and we'll coordinate that service along with Humana as we go into 2011.
David Cordani: I should say that just a few of the themes, and as you reference it's early, just by way of color context. I think over the past couple of years, we’ve referenced that the decision-making cycle has pushed off. And I think that's attributed to the size complexity and magnitude of these decisions as being more sea-sweep [ph] (1:09:42) decisions than ever. Having said that, I’m going to give you a few points. One, as we sit here today, our pipeline for national accounts, breadth and quality is about the same as it was last year and what I would’ve told you last year is that our 2010 pipeline, we feel good about and was contextually in line with our 2009 pipeline. So is it relates to looks at opportunities, volume, breadth and quality we feel pretty good about it in terms of what we're seeing in the marketplace. However, because of the decision-making cycle being longer, a high percentage of those programs are currently in RFP or finalist stage right now. So that's theme number one. Theme number two is, the preponderance of those RFPs or requests or finalist meetings are intensely focus on what we call engagement and incentive based programs. Could be CDHB [ph] (1:10:35), could be high, sophisticated coinsurance programs, could be using zero fund account balance programs to deposit incentives back in, but high use of incentives. And when we talk about engagement-based programs, we have a program called our integrated personal health team that looks at the whole person as supposed individual modules of service delivery. The demand for those types of services is rather high and we're pleased to see that. And finally, if we look at our book of business in terms of what out to bid inferred in your question, adjusting for one large piece of business that was on cycle that we knew about that's large and lower margin. That's also in pattern with what we've seen last year. So overall, early, our national account selling season's in line with our earlier expectations and our strategic forecasts.
David Cordani: It's a large account on cycle out for bid or kind of partial movement, is the way I would look at it and because of its size and breadth, tends to be lower margin, and we’ve known about it for quite some time, just part of managing a large broad portfolio. The important headline, Josh, is I'd ask you to think about the balance of opportunities, known sales, known finalist opportunities in case today, coupled up against business that’s out to bid. It's really in line with our expectations right now both in terms of quality and depth, which we feel good about.
David Cordani: It's David. Relative to the PBM, first micro, we actually expect the PBM space, both kind of narrow and broad, we continue to be pretty dynamic. A lot of growth, a lot of changes both in classic pharmaceutical deliveries, as well as specialty pharmaceutical deliveries. So we expect to see lot of movement and change in the marketplace. In the context of our PBM, as you referenced, we continue to believe our PBM is currently delivering a significant amount of integrated value for the benefit of our customers and as you go back to our growth strategy, our growth strategy focuses on Middle Market employers select segment employers and those National account employers who value engagement and incentive, which tend to be highly integrated. So there's a strong proposition there. The second piece I would add to it though is a PBM is not one unit. There's a variety of components that exist in the PBM from [ph] (1:20:10) management to clinical program management through mail order. And as we’ve said in the past, we concluded that it was most prudent to retain the asset on an integrated basis but like all the assets we have in our portfolio, we’ll continue to consider whether or there are alternatives to looking parts of the assets or the whole of the asset to create more value. So as it stands today, very important part, delivering good integrated clinical quality until the cost quality for our customers, especially because of the target segments we're going after, but we’ll continue to be open to strategic considerations for portions of it as we look forward.
David Cordani: Ana, two comments. [ph] (1:21:16) to leadership you might be referencing, the former President of our PBM actually went to be CEO of a captive PBM, which is actually quite a good outcome, is an individual that CIGNA has known for a long period of time. And that’s rather nicely to his career plans and career objectives. We have built succession in the organization so there was a seamless transition of responsibilities. And the prior President of our PBM had that as a responsibility, built a strong team that's currently running the business. So it's both a blessing and a curse of having a strong leadership team of potential turnover of leadership. But the important message is a seamless leadership transition within the company and the strategy is continuing to be executed. Specific to your M&A question, yes, M&A's an important part of our strategy but by no means the sole part. We need to demonstrate that we can grow organically as we are in our targeted businesses. Specific to your question, we see opportunities, broadly speaking from an M&A space as long as it's strategically aligned and financially prudent. So we wouldn't limit to one or the other. We would look and use our strategy as our guidepost. And our strategy speaks to go deep, go global, go individual. So my broad answer to your question is you put categories around that is, yes. But we use that strategy as our specific guidepost to identify either go deep opportunities or their broadening opportunities to present themselves.
David Cordani: Carl, good morning, it's David. You should expect a pretty orderly wind down period with that so you'll think about a run-out curve that would transpire over the first couple of quarters of the year with a pretty expeditious wind down too. That model has served with the service model for that is some variable labor. And some outsourced relationships and partners. So we have a good opportunity to match the wind down of administrative cost in the first half of the year and we don't think we can have any stranded overhead or issues that go along with that, if that's what you're looking for.
David Cordani: Point being, I think it's somewhat irrelevant because if your asking for the individual Private Fee for Service, as Annmarie referenced previously, I’m assuming that of book of business. But you think about it as eight.
David Cordani: Scott, as you referenced, contextually CIGNA has not focused on Medicaid in the past. It's not necessarily because we view it as a bad or unattractive business. We view it as less leverageable against what we have as capabilities domestically. So as we sit here today and look to future market opportunities, consistent with what we went through with you all with our Strategy and I day, [ph] (1:28:48) we would look to the individual market broadly defined as being very attractive, and we would look at some components of the governmental marketplace as being attractive. And I think what you're referencing is that there's going to be a blurring of the line between maybe what the individual and the classic Medicaid market looks like. We're spending a lot of time looking at that. But the traditional Medicaid marketplace, still we have a similar view, the emerging Medicaid marketplace as it blurs with the individual market, we view as attractive over the long term.
David Cordani: Peter, it's David. Relative to the experience rate, we call it shared returns because of more references in the marketplace, how the product functions, if you step back and think about it, it's kind of interesting because the whole notion of rebating blurs based upon their experience or book-to-business is a fundamental component of what underlies a share return experience with a product. So if anything, there's a heightened degree of interest in fee markets where we're educating and investing in energy with brokers in the new marketplace. So we view more opportunity versus less overtime, but we've continued to view that, that product is a bit more of a niche product, not a product that’s a solution for everybody. But the important part, again, to underscore, it's transparent; the employer sees their medical costs and we share in -- if you [indiscernible] (1:30:46) the benefits of effective clinical quality medical cost delivery or deficits that are created. And in an environment of increased transparency, be they rebates or otherwise, we would see more demand versus less.
David Cordani: Peter, I would not think about guaranteeing higher rebates. Think about employer by employer by employer. An estimate is done of their underlying medical cost. A lot of transparency around that estimate takes place, so it's not availed [ph] (1:31:34) and there's an understanding of the product design, the clinical programs, the incentives that are put in place. And then at a minimum, on a quarterly basis, there's good transparency on how they're running and surpluses get credited into their premium stabilization account. Deficits get aggregated and earned back going forward. So I would not think about it as guarantees attaching to it. I would think about transparency, high visibility and kind of more of a shared responsibility of the employer working in conjunction with us to optimize the outcome for their employees.
David Cordani: Justin, as Annmarie said, it's early to think about and talk about 2011, especially given the unique market place. Having said that, when we think about the diversity of our portfolio, our nine U.S. business, our Disability Life and Accident business, our service related business and our specialty portfolio and our momentum, as we said in our prepared remarks, we feel good about 2010, and we feel good about the opportunity from an outlook standpoint. So we're not going to guide you to a number but rather think back to the core of our business and what we're focused right now. We would speak to the diversification of the business both domestically and abroad, as well as the target of our strategy and both Annmarie and I say we feel good about opportunities as we look to the future.
David Cordani: Thank you. In closing, we hope you take way a few conclusions about our business as we navigate and help shape this financial market. First, our second quarter 2010 results are strong, and they reflect the value we’re delivering to our customers, the strength of our diversified portfolio business and the effective execution of our global growth strategy. We're also making significant progress towards the creation of strategic and financial flexibility through our continued strengthening of our capital position and our effective management of operating and medical costs for the benefit our clients. We're actively involved with the implementation of a sustainable health care program to focus on health and prevention while effectively addressing access, cost and quality. We see this as a natural for us given our long-standing mission predicated on helping individuals improve their health, well-being and sense of security. And we see this approach as more important than ever. Specifically, our focus on making sure our company is aligned with and compliant with the new law, we’ll continue to work with regulators to create a sustainable health care system, and we're also identifying additional growth opportunities for CIGNA to pursue in this rapidly changing market. Finally, CIGNA's well positioned as a global health service company with diversified global portfolio businesses. And I'm confident that our global footprint will enable us to achieve our 2010 strategic and financial objectives and deliver meaningful value for the benefit of our customers and shareholders as we look to the future. Thanks again for joining us for today's call.
