David Cordani: Thank you. Good morning. It's David. You have a lot in that question. And I appreciate it. Let me try to address some of the high points. First and foremost, we are really pleased with the nature of the transaction we're able to structure with HCSC. We see it as a win-win. And it's a clarification to our strategy within our portfolio. As I noted in my prepared remarks while we view the market as an attractive growth market. The required capital investment resources focus relative to its size within our portfolio, coupled with the continued elevated regulatory environment, our decision was it was best to enter this transaction. Point two is, very importantly, we've been quite deliberate now for several years, working to expand the service portfolio and the value proposition within Evernorth for health plan partners as it relates to their government services, be it Medicare, be it duals, be it Medicaid, et cetera.  And we're demonstrating a very attractive proven track record of growing our government reach but through the services franchise, and we will continue to fuel that on a go-forward basis and see that as an attractive trajectory for us. As it relates to your latter part of your question, I'll reframe our M&A criteria. I want to make sure I put that in the context of our capital deployment criteria. We continue to view, first, capital deployment priorities, investing in our business. Brian referenced the CapEx deployment of about $1.5 billion. Second, we always evaluate M&A for its appropriate attributes, which I'll come back to in a moment. And then third, returning capital to shareholders. And as Brian noted, in 2024, in addition to raising our dividend by 14%, we expect to return the majority of our excess capital to shareholders through share repurchase with at least $5 billion in the first half of the year. Lastly, in your action pack question, as we think about the criteria for transactions, we think about three criteria: first, strategic attraction; second, financial attraction; and then third, overall path to clarity. So is it strategically aligned? Is it financially attractive? And as a final note, when we think about the financial piece of the equation, you evaluate each deal on its own respective merits. But seeking to get high visibility in terms of your value creation for your organization if you're going to enter into a transaction. So to repeat, we're pleased with the decision and the transaction design. We will continue in a long-term service relationship with HCSC that further expands our proven track record within Evernorth. We see the Evernorth service portfolio as an attractive capital-light high visibility way to grow this portfolio. And as we have in the past, we will maintain very strong discipline for capital deployment and our 2024 capital deployment priorities are quite clear. Thanks.
David Cordani: Steve, good morning, it's David. You're asking for a 10-year crystal ball. I think in the dynamism of the marketplace, most people come back to in terms of rolling three-year views of a given market. But stepping back, first and foremost, the Medicare Advantage offering, broadly speaking, in the marketplace is a very attractive offering for seniors. And it has a long-term proven track record of delivering attractive benefits. And importantly, clinical coordination when you get to the Medicare beneficiaries, typically dealing with a higher level of clinical burden that's necessary for coordination. And the care outcomes, the quality outcomes, the overall value outcomes are positive. So broadly speaking, from a societal standpoint, we see MA as an important asset for the U.S. to continue to be served, supported financially and grow. Secondly, the marketplace will see ebbs and flows in terms of the funding mechanism. We see the early look at the rate letter at the moment in time. That's a moment in time, either acceleration or potentially deceleration for that marketplace. Third is, if you look at the senior satisfaction level, NPS broadly - Net Promoter Score broadly is attractive for Medicare Advantage. Therefore, as I noted previously to A.J.'s point, we worked really aggressively to ensure that we have a broad and we will continue to broaden the portfolio of services in support of health plans and integrated value-based care providers to be in support of value-based care, be it for Medicare Advantage tools or the commercial population. So we see the marketplace as a growth market. Its respective growth will ebb and flow depending on reimbursement to some level from the government, lending toward benefit richness. And then ultimately, as you know, the last comment I would make is the primary wave of the baby boomer aging has reached a peak and is slowing. It's still attractive, but that primary wave has reached its peak and is slowing somewhat. Take it as a whole, we see this as an expansion opportunity for Evernorth.
David Cordani: Scott, good morning, it's David. I think your umbrella tenant is right. So as I noted in my prepared remarks, the decision allows for sharpening of focus as we lean into our portfolio going forward. As you think about the investments, though, we have a long track record of making multiyear investments within our portfolio. So think about investments in a digital-first orientation and data-led capabilities continuing to invest in development of new programs and capabilities, be it what we talked about before with ClearCare or Pathwell capabilities. expanding the infrastructure and scale for a broader addressable market expansion and our proven CuraScript SD expansion as we face off and support a broadening array of health care professionals and integrated delivery systems. And I mentioned to Josh, the Evernorth Accountable Care capability. So think about, broadly speaking, our investment strategy continuing to fuel a variety of items and finally, sustained affordability, be it on the medical class pharmacy cost for administrative leverage that we get out of machine learning and AI through that lens. As it relates to the question around exchange or otherwise, we've always viewed the exchange business as sitting between commercial as well as the government. Obviously, the government influences a meaningful portion of that through the benefit design and otherwise, yet we are able to successfully leverage our collaborative accountable care relationships. And as we've demonstrated now for about a decade, with the exchange business by taking a very targeted focus within that market from its inception in 2014 to today, we continue to see that as a complementary aspect to our business. We will take very targeted positions, market by market as long as we have the right collaborative care relationships in place and have to be a complementary part of our portfolio. So I don't see the exchange posture is changing as a result of this. And broadly speaking, I don't think the investment strategy and the corporation changes as a result of it, it does create more capacity, though, as you articulated to accelerate in some of the categories I made reference to. I hope that helps, Scott.
David Cordani: Justin, good morning, it's David. There's a lot in your question. Let me try to frame our thought process today and as we go forward. First, to date, we have a very clear proven track record of delivering a total cost, total quality, including clinical quality and service quality solution that resonates really well in the marketplace, whether it's in the benefit side of the equation or on the services side of the equation and our results reinforce that. Point two is we've successfully executed an approach that is on the delivery and fulfillment, a mix of partner and owned we continue to evolve our portfolio. But philosophically, we do not believe have not, do not and continue to not believe that you have to own everything to be able to fulfill. As you might recall, if you reflect back on prior conversations within our portfolio at Investor Days, we framed actually the amount of services that Evernorth, for example, was fulfilling at a point in time for the Signet Healthcare portfolio. And we frame the expansion opportunity to the point of your question that existed in front of us, and we continue to expand those services. Our model though is also importantly not predicated on only having economic alignment for guaranteed cost. We're able to do it successfully for self-funded or shared funding mechanism as well. So point two is we see the ability to continue to grow that over time with our Evernorth services portfolio. Point three is as it relates to services to continue to invest in. We've been very clear that certain services, we see additional step function opportunities to invest in and continue to grow. Most importantly, our proven scale, specialty capabilities. The rate of spending growth and clinical complexity around that is off the charts. We have a leadership position there that will continue to grow, and we will continue to be the market leader in that space through our assets. Secondly, the need statements around behavioral health in the most comprehensive way. The market expects now a much more coordination of behavioral and physical health and we will continue to expand services that we have within our leading capabilities. And third, just to stop at three for illustration is the breadth of virtual services. the ability to connect and coordinate and expand services as we go forward. So we agree with your point. I'll end with agreement with your point of continuing to invest in our services capabilities to be able to support the right services but we do not believe you have to own all aspects of the care delivery equation to be able to deliver that on a go-forward basis. So hopefully, that gives you a framing. As you might expect, we'll spend time on this at our Investor Day on the seventh because it's an important part of our strategy today and an important part of our growth strategy going forward.
David Cordani: Sure. Just to amplify and add one more. The amplification is that point solution fatigue, that plays through in terms of opportunities for our Evernorth team as well as our Cigna Healthcare team. So around that, think about the ability to leverage solutions to get more value, better service, better clinical outcomes, overall value and affordability. Secondly I just wanted to reinforce a critical point when we think about penetration or cross-selling, sometimes it's thought through and you didn't state this, but sometimes it to through under the notion of you're just cross-selling products. The integration of the products to deliver more value to the clients and customers is mission-critical. So that shows up in better service quality, better clinical quality, improved affordability. And I would highlight that our sustained differentiated MLR performance is, in many cases, aided by our proven ability to integrate certain services they come together with benefit the clients that enables us to generate a high level of cross-selling and a high level of penetration. Thanks, Lance
David Cordani: Good morning. It's David. Let me ask Brian to give you a framing in terms of - because you have a question relative to the trajectory in the year-over-year? And then I'll ask Brian to hand it across to Eric to give you a little bit more color of your question. The onboarding costs that, were really intense during 2023. And then some of what we're calling onboarding costs that leads into the early part of 2000 and 2024, give you a little color of what those services look like. But I'll ask Brian to frame the financials first.
David Cordani: Thanks. Just a couple of messages to reiterate. First and foremost, 2023 was clearly a strong year of performance across our company as we executed quite well, and it's reinforced by more than a decade where we've executed consistently as we've evolved our company and continue to grow our business portfolio and those we serve. We have confidence that we're going to sustain that momentum and leverage our well-balanced portfolio across our franchise and continue to deliver within our 10% to 13% long-term EPS growth range as well as pay an attractive dividend. Finally, I want to thank my coworkers around the world for their continued disciplined execution, their passion, importantly, in their caring orientation as well as dedication for those we serve. It shows up in our results. I'm really pleased and proud of what we delivered in 2023. And importantly, I'm even more excited for our expansion of our reach and impact in 2024. As a final note for you all, we look forward to seeing many of you at our Investor Day, which is a month away. So in early March, we look forward to seeing you in New York City and our team will be excited to talk about the market expansion we see in front of us, our capabilities and our opportunity to create additional value on a go-forward basis. Have a great day. Thanks. 
Eric Palmer: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning. It's Eric. A couple of different pieces in there. But first, let me just talk a bit about the portfolio of services that we're focused on in terms of Evernorth and transition that into some of the drivers of growth specifically for 2024. David noted in his prepared remarks, a couple of highlights on capabilities we're growing. But I would call out, we are seeing significant interest from the market around teams helping to better coordinate individual point solutions and alleviate some of the burden that comes along with the fragmentation of how care is administered and how employers and plans are assembling care. So us working to improve navigation and reduce point solution fatigue is a key item. Second of all, I would note, behavioral care continues to be an area of focus, and there's meaningful opportunity for behavioral care to be better coordinated as there's significant comorbidities with individuals with mental health care needs, along with other care needs, and we're in a position to help us address those challenges. The third item I'd note would be around specialty and in particular, the opportunity for us to continue to grow as there are more therapies, more choices in the specialty market as well as navigating through biosimilars. Overall, we're positioned really well to continue to drive affordability and choice in biosimilars. And as we've talked about previously, that's an important long-term multi-year tailwind in the economics and the growth of Evernorth overall. And then certainly, the continued growth in therapies like GLP-1s are is an area that's a factor in our proposition overall. So you put together that kind of touched on a number of the different capabilities. When you put together that suite of capabilities, that ends up being a really attractive portfolio that we've had continued growth in the number of lives we're serving, growth in our clients' lives that enable us to deliver the numbers that we're talking about. Overall, really excited about the momentum we've got going into 2024 and see ourselves as well positioned to deliver there and continue the trajectory beyond.
Eric Palmer: Thanks, David, and good morning, Josh. So two things I would note for you, Josh here. First of all, as David and Brian had in their prepared remarks, we will have a multiyear services relationship between Evernorth and HCSC building on a relationship that already exists there. So Evernorth will have the opportunity to continue to provide services associated not only with the prescription drug element of this business, but some of the other clinical coordination and related capabilities. So we're excited about that opportunity working to grow together. Specifically to the employer PDP item, you should think of here is Express Scripts continuing to be the face of the employer offerings and this being seamless with all of our clients and services with the role that will be played here around the insurance dynamics going to HCSC. But again, this will be a set of relationships that Express Scripts and Evernorth will continue to manage from a relationship and account management perspective, and we'll continue to be very involved in an area of focus for us. So overall, I'm very excited about the opportunity to continue to grow with another partner here.
Eric Palmer: Hi Erin, its Eric. First of all, just would not fundamentally, we start with the portfolio and approach that's equipped to offer a choice and - flexibility in how we work to support our clients. And so, that's the lens I ground back to. We're always open to looking at new ways and approaches and such that drive increased affordability and meets the needs of our buyers. And I'm really proud of the range of different financing solutions we offer and the number of innovations that we've delivered in 2023 and already in 2024 in terms of the types of options that we bring to our clients. And in fact, as David mentioned, in the fourth quarter, we launched our clear network solution, which was its first of its kind. It's comprehensive and simple solution to providing a cost index-based pharmacy network. A solution is unique in that it provides access to all the drugs in pricing that's based off of independent externally created cost on disease, kind of a simple margin that's shared between us and the dispensing pharmacy. So use that as an example. We had a lot of good conversations about that as a program and as an offering, but would note that the selling seasons for these types of things tend to be long in time. It's a long lead time in terms of implementation of such. So, some good conversations with our clients on solutions like that. Looking at other changes in the ecosystem, overall, with note, our clients are demanding more for their healthcare dollars. And are looking for ways to improve affordability overall and broadly are not interested in paying more for the same services that they received today. We've got a wide variety of networks and solutions that exist already in the market and the flexibility to adapt and adjust the configuration of our networks to trade-off costs relative to the value and access profiles that exist. So overall, we've got good flexibility, good capabilities and modularity to be able to approach and line up our capabilities best with what our clients need.
Eric Palmer: Great. Thanks, Brian. So with Centene, first, I would just start by actually noting how proud I am of how our team has delivered here and how we worked collaboratively across and with the Centene team. It's really been a great effort and one that's come together really nicely for the benefit of our now shared customers. implementation has gone really well, and the first month has been quite successful. Now consistent with what we've said before, and as Brian just noted, in 2023, we had meaningful implementation spending and no associated revenue generated a loss 2024. We have results that will be approximately breakeven in 2025. We expect to achieve our run rate margin for this contract, which will be lower than the overall of the business. With respect to the year 2024 timing that Brian alluded to before, you should just think about this, there's a lot more activity that has to happen at the beginning of a contract like this. There's more client outreach. There's work to get individuals into their therapies, et cetera. So there's normal effect here of just additional work and activity that has to take place in the first part of the year, and our expenses will reflect that. So that's a bit of that in-year shaping. But it's all consistent with what we had shared before. The final thing I'd note is consistent with our kind of normal practice now that Centene is a live client of ours won't be commenting going forward on specific profitability of a specific client or things along those lines, but know that the trajectory here is off to the same start we expected and consistent with what we had talked about previously.
Brian Evanko: Good morning George, its Brian. So let me just take the MA question first and then I'll get into the MCR. So as noted in my comments earlier, the Medicare Advantage business will continue to be reported through Cigna Healthcare through 2024. So all of our guidance whether that be the revenue guidance, the customer volume guidance, the earnings guidance, all assumes that the Medicare business will continue to be reported through Cigna Healthcare on an asset held-for-sale basis so, just to clarify that. So, all the metrics that you see line up with that basis. Within the MCR specifically, the midpoint of our guide obviously has a slight up-tick from where we were in 2023. Now important to step back and thank the 2023 MCR performance was favorable to expectations and the primary driver of the Cigna Healthcare income outperformance. We're just really pleased with the both quarter and full year coming in favorable to expectations. And as I mentioned earlier, the 81.3% full year MCR was 70 basis points better than the midpoint of where we had started the guidance early in 2023. So you can think of the primary driver of the slightly higher projected 2024 MCR as being our stop-loss products within the U.S. Commercial Employer business. As I mentioned earlier, these ran favorable to our target profit margins in 2023. And due to lower-than-expected cost trends in high-dollar claimants. For 2024, our planning assumptions are for the stop-loss products to normalize back into their typical target profit margin range. Secondarily, there is some product mix shift within the Cigna Health care portfolio between 2023 and 2024 that will impact the overall Cigna Healthcare MCR. Although, I would note that we expect the overall Cigna Healthcare profit margin percentage to be higher in 2024 compared to 2023. And we'd expect that to land near the low end of our targeted 9% to 10% range in 2024. And then finally, when you think about our MCR guidance, as always, our guidance does have an appropriate level of prudence to start off the year.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Kevin, it's Brian. So as it relates to the net decline we have projected in the 2024 Cigna Healthcare customers. You can think of the primary driver of this being the individual exchange business. As we discussed late last year, we took some needed pricing actions in certain geographies in the individual exchange portfolio, and this will result in net customer declines for this business in 2024. Within the U.S. Commercial Employer business, we expect customer volumes to be up modestly. But you should think of this by subsegment being split a bit. So we expect to see a net decline in our national accounts business, but this will be more than offset by the continued strong growth within our Select segment. And as a reminder, we continue to see opportunities for above-market growth in the Select segment, where our market share is still just 7%. And - when you think about the MA customer volume specifically, as we approach the 2024 bid cycle, as we always do, we apply a local market county level approach relative to how we price and set benefits. And so for most geographies, this resulted in stable benefits. A few areas, we had some targeted pullbacks just in light of the funding environment in 2024. And what we saw was in some of our local geographies, there was some very aggressive competitor behavior, which resulted in less net growth than what we had originally expected for the Medicare Advantage business. So taken all together, we would expect to see net customer volumes down slightly for year-end 2024 in comparison to year-end 2023 within the Medicare Advantage space specifically. But when you put all these pieces together, we're pleased with the overall balance in the Cigna Healthcare business right now is we expect to see profit margins expand year-over-year as I mentioned earlier, while we're serving a meaningful volume of customers that's grown markedly over the last two years.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Lance, it's Brian. I'll take the majority of your question. I think there's a number of different pieces in there. As it relates to the specialty products, and the attachment, if you will, to the medical in the Cigna Healthcare book of business, as you know, has been a long-standing part of the company's strategy because we see the value of clinical integration being much greater when we have multiple components of relationship with an employer. So that's been for many years, part of the company strategy. And important to bifurcate that by subsegment, certainly in the down market, we call the Select segment under 500. Most of those employers tend to buy the entirety of our offerings at once. So we have very high user work penetration rates in the under 500 and then comparatively lower when you get to the national account space where there tends to be a little bit more a la carte purchasing of the different services. So broadly speaking, I would say those patterns haven't changed too much over the last few years. On your question on the selling season, in particular and some of the employer preferences the 2024 selling season is largely over with the exception of the Select segment. As I mentioned earlier, that's an area for us that continues to grow at above market rates, and we're really pleased with. As we look forward to the 2025 selling season, we do have some national account RFPs in-house for both some existing clients and new business prospects. And directionally, RFP volumes are up a bit from prior years. Now each of these large clients, as you can appreciate, tend to have unique needs. That said, there are a few areas that I would highlight for purposes of kind of themes. So one would be some of our larger employers are seeking to consolidate vendors or point solutions with those who can supply more integrated offerings. So we tend to call that point solution fatigue. You may hear Eric or I talk about. Secondly, a team that's been around mental health and substance abuse benefits as these programs have become more and more important to employers from the standpoint of managing productivity, absences and overall health of their employee base. And thirdly, many of the larger employers are interested in digitally enabled care navigation capabilities to further power things like site of care optimization and consumer empowerment at the time that, that care is delivered. So we continue to see interest in those areas as well as various provider network configurations that may optimize cost quality and/or incentive alignment between the provider and the finance here. So our Cigna Healthcare offerings are really well positioned to address these themes and the demand from large employers will simultaneously continue to grow share in the under 500 select segment. I think David wants to add a few comments here. 
Brian Evanko: Good morning Gary, its Brian. So, as it relates to the stop-loss book, as you know, this is a really important part of the Cigna Health care portfolio, and we finished 2023 with $6 billion of premium in that product line which to the earlier question, Lance attaches itself to our self-funded offerings in many instances. This book will naturally have some variability to it. So I wouldn't get overly fixated on 1 quarter's performance. There tends to be a little bit more settlement activity that transpires in the fourth quarter. So we had a little bit more of the favorability work its way through in the quarter, whereas if you smooth out over the course of the year, you don't have quite the same dynamic, which is one of the reasons why when you do the bridge from 23% to 24%, you shouldn't run rate the fourth quarter experience from that standpoint. So I mentioned earlier some of the moving pieces in the year-over-year MCR reconciliation, the 90 basis points increase from where we landed at the end of 2023 to the midpoint of the 24% guide. A key component of that 90 basis points is an up-tick that were anticipated in the stop-loss product which to the point earlier, is a function of our assumption that, that will normalize back to more traditional levels of profitability on the stop-loss products. So I think that's broadly the way I would encourage you to think about the dynamics at play here with that product line.
Brian Evanko: Yes. Thanks, David. Good morning, Dave. So overall, our AOI growth in Evernorth is expected to be about 9% as implied by the $7 billion or more of income that we expect in the year. And you can think of that as having the benefit of Centene related costs, now essentially normalizing back to a point where the profitability of that relationship will be in the range of breakeven. And then on top of that, we will have income performance. That's more in line with our traditional algorithm of 5% to 7% average annual income growth. And that reflects the benefit of all the multiyear trends that Eric talked about earlier, whether those be biosimilars, GLP-1 drugs, specialty generics, et cetera. So we certainly are seeing continued benefit from the biosimilar wave in 2024. But as I mentioned earlier, there's a bit of a specific and unique effect of the large amount of additional volume we're getting with the new client relationships in 2024. So Eric, maybe you can expand on that dynamic a bit.
