Brian Evanko: Good morning, Scott. It's Brian. I'll try to take each of those bites kind of one at a time. So, as I mentioned in my comments, in the quarter, we had an $80 million impact from the risk adjustment payable matter in 2023, which reflects essentially a true-up for the first two quarters of the year. But that was largely offset in the quarter by the favorable true-up we had on the 2022 risk adjustment settlement. The other residual piece within the individual exchange business is we had some favorable claim cost experience in the first half of the year. So, the $80 million was offset largely by the 2022 risk adjustment settlement, but also, to a lesser degree, by favorable cost trend within our individual exchange business, which reflects a younger, healthier population than what we had in 2022. So claim costs there, certainly within check, but we had the larger payable, which creates the pressure point for the year. As it relates to the profit margins and how to think about where we are in '23 and the rate increase impact on '24, just for some context here, you can think of this business being approximately a $5 billion block for us in 2023 in terms of premium revenue. And we had shared on a prior call that we were anticipating the individual exchange book to run below our target margins within 2023. As you noted, our long-term target for this business is 4% to 6%. For the remainder of this year, we're expecting another $80 million of risk adjustment payable impact across the second half, which, as I mentioned, will be offset by the strength across the broader Cigna Healthcare portfolio, including expense efficiencies. But when you put all this together, the individual exchange margins in 2023 will be below our prior estimates. And for 2024, we have taken sizable price increases in our two largest states. So we would expect some degree of margin expansion in the individual exchange book overall in '24 relative to '23. The exact amount of that margin improvement will end up being a function of our geographic and customer mix in 2024 as we are likely to have fewer customers in the individual exchange business in 2024 relative to where we are in 2023. So, thanks for the question. Hopefully, you can follow all those moving pieces.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Lisa. It's Brian. I'll start. I think that's a multiparter, and then Eric is going to chime in with some comments on the sales season. But as it relates to the quarter, overall, Evernorth continues to perform really well. So, I'd start there. Largely in line with our expectations when you put all the different moving pieces together. The individual components you kind of called out there, Eric referenced earlier, GLP-1 utilization does continue to build, which in the Evernorth business is a positive contributor to our earnings at this point in time, whether that be for diabetic indications or non-diabetic indications. So that's certainly a net positive relative to the Evernorth business in 2023. On the biosimilar side of the house, you should think of, thus far, relatively low adoption of Amjevita in the first half of the year. On the second half of the year, we obviously added two additional biosimilars into the National Preferred Formulary. And one of the reasons we expect acceleration in income growth in the third and fourth quarter is the impact of greater biosimilar adoption as well as improved overall positioning relative to the dynamics of competitiveness across the four drugs that will be on the National Preferred Formulary. But in the second quarter, I wouldn't characterize biosimilars as a particular driver of the margin profile. On the Centene impact, we remain very much on track relative to the implementation against our commitments. As we mentioned before, we expect to spend about $200 million over the course of 2023. You should think of that as gradually building quarter-to-quarter over the course of the year. And so, the money is being spent as we speak. And all those factors did impact the second quarter. But again, nothing in particular I would call out being significantly deviating from our expectations compared to what we expected three months ago. Eric, maybe you can pick up both on Centene and the selling season.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Kevin. It's Brian. So, I'll start, and I think your question is specific to Cigna Healthcare, which is where I'll go. So, first off, we're really pleased with the strong growth momentum across the Cigna Healthcare book. If you look at our year-to-date customer growth, it's running ahead of expectations at $1.5 million net growth, and that builds off of a strong performance we had in 2022, where we added nearly 1 million customers across the Cigna Healthcare platform. As it relates to our refreshed membership outlook for the year, you can think of the primary driver of that being an elevated expectation for individual exchange customers by year-end 2023. The other components of the Cigna Healthcare customer outlook are broadly unchanged from our prior projections. We're not yet seeing meaningful signs of any economic pressure within our commercial book of business. But that said, we have assumed some elevated disenrollment in the U.S. commercial business in the second half of 2023 in order to be prudent. We continue to exclude any potential Medicaid redetermination lives from our commercial forecast for the balance of the year. And taken all together, again, pleased to see a full year outlook of 8% growth in total medical customers across Cigna Healthcare. One minor refinement we made this year or this quarter relative to the individual exchange business is, we are now forecasting some level of Medicaid redeterminations coming in through the balance of the year. So, you should think of the commercial business, excluding Medicaid redetermination, the individual forecast now including some level of redeterminations for the balance of the year.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Nathan. It's Brian. So, as it relates to the Cigna Healthcare seasonality, I'd start -- just to remind you, we expect the second half earnings to be a little bit less than 55% in the third quarter. Relative to the MCR component of that, our prior expectations on the MCR seasonality have not changed. So, what I mean by that is the directional pattern we saw, for example, in 2022 on MCR is a reasonable proxy for what we'd expect the 2023 quarterly pattern to be, and as a result, the fourth quarter MCR is likely to be the highest quarter of the year as we see more customers meet their deductible and out-of-pocket maximum obligations. However, we do expect the pace of SG&A spending to look different than it did last year. For example, we had a step up in SG&A in the fourth quarter of 2022 that we would not expect to recur in the fourth quarter of '23. The other item that I call your attention to is our net investment income in the fourth quarter of '22 was considerably weaker than what we're expecting to see in the fourth quarter of '23. So, those are the primary things to think through as it relates to the seasonality pattern. As it relates to '24. At this point in time, there's nothing I'd call your attention to that will lead us to think there's any abnormal pattern.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Steve. It's Brian. So, as you noted, we planned and priced for more normalized utilization levels in 2023, and our claims experience is largely consistent with that expectation. So, within the MA book specifically to the core of your question, we have seen elevated utilization of both outpatient and professional services all year. But important this should be viewed in the context of what we had forecasted and priced for. So, the overall cost trends are largely in line with our expectations in both our second half 2023 guidance and our 2024 bids. Anticipate that, that dynamic will continue, as it relates to specifically within outpatient and professional surgeries are the area that I'd call your attention to, in particular, orthopedic and cardiovascular, we did see some level of favorability in inpatients. So those are a few of the subcategories that I'd call your attention to, but all in line with what we had anticipated coming into the year.
Brian Evanko: Hey, Steve, it's Brian. So, a few things I'd call your attention to in regards to the profitability margins relative to revenue. We had an expansion of our relationship with the Department of Defense that was effective on January 1, and we had some additional spending that we're kind of working our way into in terms of growing into that. So that certainly weighed down the income growth a bit in the first half of the year. To your point, the rate and pace of investments, particularly around the accelerated growth businesses in Evernorth, both the healthcare services as well as the Accredo specialty pharmacy also impacted the income growth. And then for the back half of the year, we expect accelerated income growth, again, mid-single digits in the third quarter, mid- to high-single digits in the fourth quarter, largely driven by the increased ramp for biosimilars. And I would note that, that's not predicated on any meaningful share shift. We have strong visibility to that income emerging in the back half of the year.
David Cordani: A.J., good morning. It's David. Let me describe a little bit of the -- we'll say the buying characteristics and areas of focus in the market more broadly, and then I'll ask Eric to give you a little bit more color in terms of the pharmacy specific space and using your GLP-1 as an example. So, stepping back, and it's for the latter part of your comment to reinforce it, the buying behaviors continue to have an intense focus on, what I will call, base buying needs focused on affordability, coupled with consistent high-quality service levels. There's two additional dimensions, I would say, that have intensified recently relative to need state. One, as employers, because you're coming at through the employee lens, continue to intensify their focus on having healthy, engaged, highly-productive workforce. They're intensifying their focus and need and awareness of the complex behavioral health needs from their population, inclusive of, but also beyond the more intense behavioral health dimensions. This includes anxiety, stress, depression and complexity to come along with that. Here, I would note that within our Cigna Group portfolio of solutions, we're well positioned to meet the needs, because there's a lot of coordination that's necessary to advance there. The second trend I'd highlight is what the marketplace is sometimes calling point solution fatigue, where over time, employers have aggregated many individual point solutions that made sense at a given moment in time, but they find themselves stepping back and looking at that inventory, questioning whether or not either, a, they're getting all the value out of each individual solution, or b, the friction and/or abrasion for their coworkers or medical professionals is worth the value of the fractured point solutions, and therefore, are challenging more opportunities to coordinate or integrate solutions to get more value, leverage and better service from that standpoint. And again, our portfolio is really well positioned there and continues to resonate in the market as evidenced by our growth. I'll ask Eric to provide a little bit of color of areas of focus for buyers more broadly in pharmacy, including the GLP-1.
David Cordani: Yes. Thanks, Brian. And good morning, Justin. The item I amplify is, Justin, as you recall from prior conversations, part of our consultative approach and go-to-market approach is when you work with clients of a variety of sizes around the benefit design that matches their strategy, the clinical programs in support of that, that match your strategy, the service support programs that match your strategy. The final thing we work on is the funding mechanism. And as the market conditions change, we have the ability to flex between risk or guarantee cost, shared returns and/or self-funded with stop loss. And our stop loss program, as you call out, continues to perform well, grow well and resonate in the marketplace because it provides that peace of mind and predictability for employers around their cash flow and any dislocation that may happen in a given year. So, our specialists in that space have a high-performing book. It continues to resonate well. And you'll see ebb and flow over time based on market buying conditions, but continued growth.
David Cordani: Sure, Brian, thanks. Good morning, Josh. So, you had two questions. Specific to MA and our bid strategy, I'll just speak more broadly. I'm not going to go into detail specifically, Josh, just to manage expectations given the time cycle and the competitive nature. First and foremost, as I noted, we're pleased with our growth in 2023, point one. Two, as we look to 2024 to some of the points you made reference to, we expect to see larger-than-average local market variability in terms of offering and positioning by competitors. And at this point, I would highlight and reinforce that we remain convicted to and comfortable with our bid assumptions relative to underlying medical costs based upon what we've seen through the first two quarters of the year and our outlook for the year. I'd also note that our [stars] (ph) position coming into the cycle is consistent and strong and our early look at the stars on a go-forward basis remains consistent and strong from that standpoint. Specifically to your last point around Village, first and foremost, I'd ask you to think about initiating the relationship with Village, we seek to have a long-term strategic positive impact. I would note that day one for the benefit of our customers who are experiencing Village and Summit relationships, they began to see benefits immediately by the nature of the structure of our relationship. And then, we continue to collaborate, innovate on value-based care, whether it's leveraging some Evernorth capabilities like behavioral, virtual or other services, and/or go more deeply into individual markets around more precisely leveraging data and insights to curate sub-specialty networks to get the best possible quality and cost and affordability. That benefit will continue to mount as we go forward, and to the core of your question, contribute to market by market, our posture in MA. But specifically, we're driving this initiative with Village and with our Evernorth team to benefit our commercial space as well. So, we're pleased with the early traction, a lot of work to do, and it will continue to yield dividends both today and into the future. Thanks, Josh.
David Cordani: Sure, Brian. Thanks. Good morning, Lance. A few items to highlight, specifically, just click down a little more notch, in behavioral, as Brian noted, elevated trend and as you would expect, and over a prolonged period of time, I think the last three to five years, as you click down in it, think about the professional services as such, we continue to innovate new products, new programs, expansion of network, both physical network, we operate the largest virtual behavioral network in America today, and then expanding behavioral services even further in our value-based care programs to help medical professionals be a first line of screening and support from that standpoint. To the last part of your question around the expansion opportunities within our portfolio, you know our portfolio well in terms of the healthcare side of the equation. If you think about the old monikers of Select, I think under 500 employees, middle market, 500 to 5,000 old monikers, and Nashville above 5,000, multi-geographic. Select, you still think about that as totally cross-sold and penetrated. We go to market with bundled solutions. It's a big part of our value proposition. Helps us generate a predictable high quality, low trend and outcome. Middle market remains and has a high level of penetration, yet there are cross-sell opportunities. And national accounts, a lower level of penetration versus the other segments. However, as I noted to A.J.'s question, the point solution fatigue in the marketplace presents it even further opportunity as you coordinate those services. The last note I would make is as we leverage the breadth of the Evernorth capabilities today and into the future, we're innovating new solutions. So, you'll hear us talk more about [path wall] (ph) programs to take specific diagnoses and look at reengineering those episodes of care end-to-end. And in cases to your phraseology, we take risk based on the performance, we hold ourself accountable based upon the clinical service and financial outcomes. So, strong penetration down market, opportunities upmarket, market buying behavior is evolving because of point solution fatigue, and importantly, continued innovation will continue to drive growth for us there. Thanks, Lance.
David Cordani: Thank you for your engagement and questions today. I just want to highlight a few items. We stepped into 2023 with strong growth and have been successful in building beyond that momentum throughout the first half of the year. We remain confident that we'll deliver on our commitments, including our adjusted EPS outlook for 2023 of at least $24.70 and our commitment for at least $28.00 of EPS in 2024. I'd also know how proud and appreciative I am of our colleagues around the world who continue to be dedicated to driving innovation and delivering on the programs and solutions, as well as partnerships that support every day the health and vitality of our customers, our patients and our clients. As always, we look forward to talking to you again soon about how we're working to sustain the growth of our company and capture more opportunities to serve more lives and achieve a greater impact, and we continue to invest in our future every day to drive further innovation. Have a great day.
Eric Palmer: Great. Thanks, David. Good morning, A.J. I'll start with the GLP-1. GLP-1s are definitely top of mind for many of our clients. There's been a meaningful uptick in utilization here. And as I think you know, we have coverage for these medications on our formularies from early on for value-based arrangements with pharma manufacturers. We've seen contributions for the benefit of patients and our clients by result of those -- the structures. We have recently launched a program called ENCIRCLERX, which brings together management of the GLP-1, cardiac, diabetic conditions, obesity. So these conditions often tend to be interrelated, to bring together a benefit plan design, the clinical support as necessary and the overall resources we can bring to help these patients, better manage their health and ultimately get to a better plan costs. So, at GLP-1 and the broader cardiac, obesity, diabetes space is a real area of focus. I would also note, as David touched on in his comments, continued interest in behavioral solutions. That's an area that we've got strong expertise within Evernorth, and we're excited about the opportunities in that market and the need to help manage behavioral care more effectively. Those will probably be the top couple of specific themes I would call out at this point, A.J.
Eric Palmer: Great. Thanks, Brian. And good morning, Lisa. So, just a couple of other comments that I had on Centene. I'm really pleased with how we are working together to deliver an implementation program to serve Centene's customers. We are on track, and there's good momentum in the readiness for our January '24 implementation. So, continue to be excited about that opportunity. With respect to the selling season more broadly, we operate in a competitive market, and the strength of our solutions really continues to resonate. We will deliver another strong retention rate. As we look to the 2024, I think mid-90%-s or higher, and consistent with our prior commentary around what a strong retention rate looks like. We'll have additional new growth, new client wins on top of the large Centene win as well. So, feeling good as we kind of wind down the 2024 selling season at this point, and we'll provide more detail on that when we provide our 2024 guidance later on.
Eric Palmer: Good morning, Nathan. It's Eric. I'll start. So, as you noted and implied in your question, biosimilars are a really important opportunity to drive competition and for us to then help to make that competition efficient to drive improvements to the affordability of these high-cost specialty medicines. Now, in 2023, we've continued to co-prefer Humira on the formulary. Towards the beginning of the year, we added Amjevita to our National Preferred Formulary and recently added Cyltezo and Sandoz's products, both the low and high [indiscernible] versions onto the NPF. So that's the activity that's gotten us to this point to date. I would note, we work through with the manufacturers on the terms of those to drive to the best available cost, the best available expense for our clients. And we have visibility into that pretty early on. So, we've navigated and made our arrangements in constructing the placement such as we came into this year. And so, I wouldn't want you to think about there being dynamics kind of playing out simultaneously. These are things we have negotiated in advance. We have visibility into as the products come into the market and we work to leverage the competition to continue to improve affordability for the benefit of the clients we serve. Over time, as we drive even more products, more competition, we'll work to continue to bring improved levels of affordability to our clients and continue to construct our offerings in a way that best meet their needs. I hand it over to Brian on the second part of your question.
Eric Palmer: Brian, thanks. You've hit the headlines in terms of the main drivers here financially. Well, just to note, on the fee-based portion of the PBM in particular, this is an area that we've continued to accelerate. David made reference in his prepared remarks around our ClearCareRx program. This builds off of a couple of years of experience that we've got in providing fee-based fully-aligned mechanisms in terms of providing the pharmacy benefit, and so those fee types of arrangements will come through there. I would say, have you think about the margin profile for that business is very consistent with the other businesses in Express Scripts and the like. And then likewise, the growth in our MDLive and behavioral platforms continue to be an area of real focus for us and continued momentum into that driver as well. And I would have you think about those margins is also generally in line with the Evernorth segment overall. So, we continue to be excited about the opportunity and the momentum that we're building in all of the different lines across the Evernorth portfolio, and you're seeing the growth there come through that line.
