David Cordani: It's David. From a broad standpoint or from a pricing environment, we don't see any change, any material change in the environment. So it is indeed a competitive marketplace. It remains a competitive marketplace. And we think the real premium in the marketplace is really on focus and discipline. My second point would be, if you look over the last 2 to 3 years, our pricing discipline and the consistency of our retention, pricing execution, rate execution, has been quite good. And my third point would be around the notion of focus. Our progress here before has been really around the Go Deep strategy, which is focusing on key geographies and buying segments. And overall, from a CIGNA standpoint, we were pleased with both the rate execution, the success of our cross-selling initiatives and the resulting retention rates and new business sales we've been able to secure. So the overall market place from our point of view is competitive and the quality of what we've been able to secure is quite good.
David Cordani: Matthew, it's David. I'll start more broadly, and ask Tom to embellish more specifically. Going to the medical cost side and the costs contracting utilization side, first and foremost from a contracting standpoint, the contracts we've been able to secure, thus far, for 2011 are in line with our expectations and I see that more again of a consistency of what we were able to secure in 2010. Our ability to focus, our ability to partner with physicians and hospital systems, our ability to lever information and incentive alignment is working for us in the marketplace. To your more specific question, I'll ask Tom to embellish on, "Yes there is, again, a continuation of a slight dampening of the overall utilization trend". And I'll ask Tom to embellish on that a little bit.
David Cordani: Well, let me--few comments here. First and foremost, as you very well know, the bulk of our business, 80% of our business is ASO. We understand that business. We've understood it for quite some time. We expanded the capabilities through the Great-West acquisition to be very successful in the Select segment with that portfolio, too. As you know, a key part of our strategy has been and continues to be to lever a very broad suite of specialty programs and services and go to the market with a bundled offering. And third, to my prepared remarks, we try to piece out really a bit of a differentiator here and that's the consultative selling. So it's not an environment where you go through and try to push product, rather you try to use information specifically tailored to that customer's experiential set, business strategy understanding their culture and make targeted recommendations on which subset of a specialty product suite makes sense. And so you put that package of offerings together that we believe we're able to demonstrate a very good value proposition for the client and their employees or customers. And then engender a good return from the shareholder perspective. To your specific points, you're correct, you have a great memory. Our percent of fees at risk have been and continue to range in the 10% to 15% range. Being a long-standing player in the ASO space, there's always been fees at risk ranging from basic service and client management to clinical engagement to medical trend components and I'll put the number back out there. Our fees at risk as a percentage of total fees, medical trend are about 1%. So we're comfortable with where we are for this portfolio. It is a dynamic marketplace, but we believe our focus and the diversity of our both funding solutions and specialty products are servicing us well and will in the future.
David Cordani: Well, first and foremost when you look at that segment, you hear me say over and over "We're not trying to be all thing to all people", number one, we're not pretending that the ASO stop-loss solution is the perfect solution for every employer in the 50 to 250 space, so focus and segmentation is very important there and a part of that is partnering with the right brokers, I'm in the market to identify those employers who are oriented around these types of solutions who want transparency and want a more aligned incentives. Now to your more specific question, on an all-in basis, when you look at the revenue contribution to us, the revenue contribution's slightly less, but not acutely less than a guaranteed cost piece of business when you look at the margin and the return, the margin and the return is attractive. And very importantly, to the employer and then to their employees. It's a better overall, kind of, price point and more transparency in terms of what's moving the medical costs. So again, we understand the funding mechanism. We understand that market. We're focused on key geographies and we're seeing increased progress in that 51 to 250 Life Employer segment.
David Cordani: Justin, for us really the dividing line in the limited number of cases where we would do that is less size, I'll come back to size in a moment, and it's more of the philosophy and the comprehensiveness of the programs. The transparency of the information, our understanding of the case. And then the kind of commitment to a multi-year approach. So let me just expand on that for a moment. So if you have an employer, and I'll give you 2 examples, whether it's a 20,000 life employer or 150,000 life employer, there is an opportunity, if necessary, to put in place a more sophisticated guarantee, as I noted before, they're very limited in our portfolio. But if you have good visibility, whether it's an incumbent account or a new prospect, in terms of their underlying health profile utilization trends and adequate access to all the levers necessary to generate a superior outcome, engagement, incentive, communication, network configuration, et cetera, that presents the opportunity. Now to your hypothesis, that typically would take place with a larger on-average case but I would just limit you not to think it's not just the 250,000 life employer who might approach you with something like that. It's an employer who, again, is much more sophisticated, looking at a multi-year run going forward. Most importantly for us, it's a very limited use tool and with the employers that we have a deep intimacy of knowledge of.
David Cordani: Justin, I'm not going to frame it that way because to my mind, it's not as relevant of a data point, in all due respect. As I noted, it's about 1% and has been about 1% of total fees at risk, number one. Number two, we've been in this business for a very long period of time. Three, you would assume that they're designed with kind of corridors and parameters. And finally, knock on wood, we have a track record and a history of limited impact to us of those programs, so what's important about that is it means we're delivering on our promise to our clients, which is what the objective is. Our client does not want to collect on a guarantee, unless we want to pay out in a guarantee, we want to deliver on that promise. But I would anchor you back to, it's a small portion of the portfolio, as best measured in 1% of total fees at risk.
David Cordani: Scott, it's David. First and foremost, by way of backdrop, as we've said before, we expect the marketplace to continue to have consolidation opportunities; and two, we approach that environment with a view that we actually like our current portfolio, the diversity and breadth of our portfolio. Having said that, as you recall, part of our strategy when we rolled out our strategy at Investor Day a couple of years ago, with the drive, acute focus to the Go Deep part of our strategy, but also to identify additional growth opportunities and we would be open to M&A to support that. By way of types of acquisitions we'd be attracted to, you could put them in 2 camps. One would be scale, so for the scale to support our Go Deep strategy. The second would be capabilities. In capabilities we think about product capabilities or segment capabilities. Product capabilities could be further broadening our supplemental suite of offerings or further broadening of the breadth of product solutions within our Health, Life and Accident portfolio abroad. By way of segments, you can think about broader capabilities for seniors. I would note that over the past years, several years, we have a good track record of being very focused and very targeted, whether they be smaller acquisitions like some of the tuck-in health advocacy acquisitions we've been able to secure, what we would call medium-size acquisitions like the very attractive Vanbreda asset or the targeted large-sized acquisitions like our successful integration and building on of a Great-West. So we do see a consolidating marketplace out there and we do see opportunities both in the scale and capability space.
David Cordani: Scott, it's David again. So relative to the PBM, we continue to view it as a very valuable asset and an important part of our ongoing debt-integrated value proposition. We have seen good success and expect to continue to see good success with our Select segment customers, with our middle market customers, and for the larger employers, those oriented around in incentive and engagement-based capabilities. Now we do believe that there are some additional value creators here. For example, in the space of specialty pharmaceuticals and the ability to both coordinate that specific specialty, but also increasingly within the medical benefit portfolio. And we're open to targeted opportunities to further accelerate our ability to capture that value. My final comment would be, to your broad point, as we repositioned our national account portfolio, the expected loss in national account medical lives is also correlated to a somewhat directional loss in the PBM lives and looking forward, as we oriented around select, middle and those national account customers that are oriented around engagement and incentive, we think you'll see a little different pattern in the PBM Life on a go forward basis.
David Cordani: Charles, I'll start and see if Tom wants to add. Good morning. First and foremost, I think you hit the nail on the head broadly. At the end of the day, look with the Select segment for a moment and go into the history of the bread and butter Middle Market segment. An apples-to-apples comparison, of a guaranteed cost offering versus an ASO stop-loss offering has a different aggregate price point, it fundamentally does. And inherent in that, it's a more transparent product that has a little different risk sharing protocol. Now as you go down market, the risk sharing shifts a little bit but the employer is taking on a bit more accountability for that risk, which is why to my prior answer, this product is not all things to every employer in the Select segment. That consultative selling, that working very collaboratively with the broker and making sure we're pinpointing those employers that is indeed makes sense for us, is very important. But what you're doing is you're taking a bit of the risk premium out of the equation. And for us, we like the overall return on that product portfolio because: number one, we understand how to do ASO and stop-loss; but number two, it's highly packaged with our broad portfolio of specialty capabilities. So on an all-in basis, we get a good value proposition for the employer. We feed it with ongoing transparency of information even for 100, 150 life employer that historically they would not see and you treat that portfolio of services in a bit more dynamic way going forward, but your macro conclusion is the right one.
David Cordani: Charles, the broad answer is yes. And again this product portfolio which we built on off of the Great-West acquisition is a state-by-state approach. The important framework is that state-by-state, it feeds up against our Go Deep strategy, and most importantly, it's highly transparent. So the overall nature of the program, both with the regulators, as well as the employers is highly transparent. And we treat it as a dynamic portfolio but the broad answer to that is yes.
David Cordani: Ana, well first on the broad topic of consolidation as I referenced, I think, to Scott's prior question, we think the marketplace is going to continue to consolidate. So before I get to more specifics, the capabilities necessary to compete and deliver health improvement, a productivity improvement, deal with regulatory compliance, invest in the technology, et cetera, we think are all going to be fuel to further consolidation, number one. Number two, not to speak about a different asset, but to speak more specifically about what we did with Great-West, I would not compare Great-West to a TPA, in any way, shape, or form. Our attraction to Great-West was we saw a well-run, highly focused business that had deep and broad talent that was based on a model that we believe is correct, which was information-based, consultative and highly transparent. So our orientation on Great-West was we did not see nor do see it as a TPA. We saw it as a set of capabilities that was successful in the lower end of the middle market, probably has some success in the higher end of the middle market, but also in the Select segment, by doing what we were doing in national accounts in the higher end of the middle market, which was to use information, to be very targeted, to be very consultative, to partner with brokers and try to deliver value. And that infrastructure, the information infrastructure, the talent, the products, the distribution was what was attractive to us, and those type of assets don't come along every day. So our Select segment success I think demonstrates that we're able to successfully build on that, and as we look to future acquisitions, we will look to capabilities like that, that we believe we could build upon.
David Cordani: Just broadly on 2012. So our view into 2012 right now is both, I would say, tone and posture and direction with brokers and more of the middle-market employers and early dialogue with Select segment employers and clearly, we're in the early innings of the national account buying season. Ana, I wouldn't put it in the category of excise tax. I don't think that is the fuel that drives the current market posture. The fuel that's really driving the market posture is, no matter how we slice it we have an environment where there's a lack of affordability for employers, for state governments, for the federal government and for individuals. And more than ever, we see buyers, and in this case employers, more open to different solutions that will help to mute or dampen the rate of medical cost acceleration and they're approaching the conversation with much more openness to different tools. It could be ASO where ASO didn't exist, it could be incentives, where incentives didn't exist, it could be incentives and disincentives, on-site clinicians, et cetera. That's really the environment we see and if you look at, for example, aligned with the emergence of our national account pipeline for 2012, the percent of the business we're looking at that has incentive-based, engagement-based, wellness and productivity-based solutions, is much higher than we've ever seen before. So we think that's the continuum of what's happening in the marketplace, as we're able to post and others were able to post success with good value there.
David Cordani: Ana, relative to the exchange environment, clearly, a dynamic environment and a lot happening in the marketplace, as I noted in my prepared comments. There's also a lot of uncertainties that remains, as each individual state goes through their own preparatory process to configure exchanges. Secondly, I think what employers are doing, broadly speaking, is recognizing that there are very few silver bullets in life. And in the case of health care costs, exchanges as well don't present per se a silver bullet, I might exempt from that under 50 life employers, where you might see a broader appetite relative to the exchanges. So what we do see is a broader appetite to learn what a post-exchange environment would look like, a broader appetite, to put in place a multi-year benefit strategy, to afford employers options, options to broaden their incentive-based programs, options to potentially look at more defined contribution-based strategies over time, options to be in position to consider exchanges down the road to the extent they're vibrant. But I've seen less of an interest or desire to unilaterally view that 2014 as an immediate step-out function for large and medium-sized employers.
David Cordani: Christine, let me start on the macro and then I'll ask Tom to talk about some of what we look at, the prior period development, et cetera. I heard your question 2 different ways in terms of what we look at to predict trend, down market and then what we look at to predict the utilization indicators. I'm going to go more broadly at the -- as we work with employers, as I referenced in my prepared remarks, we look at a lot of information. We have dedicated teams around our national account book of business, our middle-market book of business and our Select book of business that are mining data on a regular basis, to understand what are the utilization patterns, what are the health risk profiles, what are the network-based consumption profiles and how do they align with our forward-looking projections. Our ability to project that over the recent few years has been pretty good, pretty consistent and our rate execution that supported that has also been pretty good and pretty consistent. As it relates to looking forward from utilization standpoint, I'll transition to Tom, but what we have seen is a, throughout 2010 and early 2011, a little bit more of a dampening of the rate of acceleration and utilization and we've just been cautious relative to that not being able to pinpoint any one cause as to why it will remain there. So our forward-looking projections are assuming a little bit of an uptick. And with that, I'll transition to Tom.
David Cordani: The only thing I would add on the acuity over time as we talked over the last couple of years, we'd referenced that acuity has increased so Tom's point is right in the quarter. But as inpatient days have more moderated and outpatient services have continued to evolve, your rule of thumb, I think, is correct. But that's taking place over time, as a consequent, we wouldn't pinpoint it as a first quarter phenomenon. On PYD? PYD [prior year development], I'd keep simple. Essentially all of it was in the guaranteed cost block, there was a little bit of puts and take in the other blocks but it essentially ended up all on the guarantee cost block.
David Cordani: Doug, it's David. Well, my comments will be for 50 life employers and above. As you know, we don't really play in the under 50 life space. And maybe consistent with some of the prior dialog, what we've seen and continue to see is an increasing demand and appetite for ASO programs down market. What we also see is increasing openness to some broader wellness solutions, now you have to really pinpoint it at the highest secure wellness program for our 60 life employer versus a 600 life employer, but the broad theme we've seen is a much higher appetite for ASO solutions. And I commented in my prepared remarks that, for example, in the Select segment, which is 250 down to 50 life employers, our first quarter new business sales were up about 50% in terms of -- or about 50% of that was ASO sales, which is up meaningfully from the first quarter 2010 to reinforce that trend.
David Cordani: I think that might be a good question to follow up with Ted and the IR team, but that kind of dynamic is really going to depend on an awful lot of things, the attachment point, the coverage declines pies. So it's not our attempt [ph] to answer, but then maybe some follow-up with the IR team would make more sense.
David Cordani: Kevin, good morning, it's David. That business, like any other business, has to continue to evolve and innovate . So we've been able to -- I'll give you 2 examples, evolve and innovate our dental offering pretty significantly, in terms of the network configurations, as well as the coordination programs, and as a result, we saw tremendous growth in traction in the Dental portfolio in 2011. A second example of evolving and innovating solutions I referenced Your Health First program, which is a fully integrated whole person coaching module around chronic conditions, which is different than what existed in the marketplace in the past. Through doing that and matching that up against what we talk about, our consultative selling, we've continued to see good traction and support for package for targeted cross-selling. What we have seen is without that, without the very targeted consultative selling, you see pressure. You either see commoditized price pressure or the pressure to not purchase certain services as the economic pressures are confronting employers. Fortunately for us, we've been able to achieve our cross-selling goals and objectives by using the very targeted consultative selling and innovative solutions.
David Cordani: Kevin, there really isn't anything of note. As you pointed out, the margins by-product are different and the -- especially the early years that Vanbreda had an impact on that, but nothing unusual or out of expectations.
David Cordani: Chris, it's David. What we said for International portfolio businesses, we see the ability for sustained double digits top line growth in people's calendar double-digit mean, are you [indiscernible] lower end of the double digit, the answer to that is "no". So mid-teens and above the top line growth for that business. Over time the business has performed with very strong margins. You've seen the margins bounce around a little bit. We spiked out last year, some one-timers. So I would draw your attention back to those one-timers that I would encourage you to think about the first quarter 2011, even that much more exciting for us because it'd been benefit from one-timers comparable to last year. More importantly for this business, what's driving the opportunity going forward is in the Health, Life & Accident portfolio, the continued and rapid growing middle-class in a variety of countries around the world present a tremendous growth opportunity for us going forward. Tom highlighted persistency and retention which is rightful. That is a critical part of our strategy to secure individual relationships and then expand on them with cross-selling and feed them with new relationships. And then as we continue to build on our expatriate and globally mobile portfolio, both the revenue growth there and margin growth is quite attractive. So over time state of acquisitions to your point, we see very attractive top line and bottom line growth opportunities for that business portfolio.
David Cordani: My comments were exclusive of -- broadly speaking, exclusive of Vanbreda contribution. So in many of the sales, our early traction with Vanbreda is in line with our expectations, holding that aside. But many of the sales that were secured for January of 2011 were secured throughout the summer months of 2010. So it's reinforcement of the value prop that CIGNA expatriate benefits had in the marketplace, and we see that as expanding further now as we go forward and build off of Vanbreda and CIGNA expatriate benefits together.
David Cordani: Well, as I noted, the first quarter was truly outstanding. So since I'm sure my International team is listening, we won't take any pressure off of them. But accordingly, as Tom noted, we took out the earnings outlook for International business for the full year. And in part, it's because of the traction from the early part of the year. And again, we just see this as a very robust opportunity for us going forward.
David Cordani: Thank you, everybody. Before we conclude, I just want to reinforce a few key themes. First and foremost, we delivered strong results in 2010. We've set competitively attractive targets for 2011, and we've exceeded those targets in the first quarter and we expect that for the full year now. Secondly, our first quarter results reflect continued effective execution of our growth strategy, as we remained focused on delivering on our mission which is to improve the health, well being and sense of security of the individuals we serve. I am confident in our ability to achieve our full year 2011 strategic, financial and operating goals and I believe our company is well positioned to deliver on sustained profitable growth over the long term, as we seek to provide enduring customer value in what is a very dynamic marketplace. We thank you for joining us on the call and we look forward to talking in the future. Have a great day.
Thomas McCarthy: So Matt, as David mentioned, medical services utilization trend did remain low in the first quarter. There were some normalization of flu activity again, first quarter 2010 was extraordinary low so we've got generally more normal levels there. But we are anticipating that normalization, utilization would normalize -- begin to normalize over the balance of the year so I'd expect to see some uptick there, but first quarter continued at below trend level that we saw earlier.
Thomas McCarthy: It's Tom, Josh. Yes, so first, your last observation, I wouldn't point to the rebate dynamic as a factor in that. First, there's a lot of moving pieces. And again, we have provided a range and you could annualize the results and get close into that range. But really there's 2 major drivers that I'd point to in considering the balance of the year: One, we've already talked about a little bit and that's we are expecting a little uptick in the utilization trend, so that would put some pressure on the last half of the year; and second, we do expect some seasonality from the deductible impact on the book of business. And again, we've had more sales of that types of products that have higher deductible so we will expect to see a little bit more of that in the last half of the year. That said, this is a range results and we hope to end up at the higher end. But it's a little early to be making a call on that.
Thomas McCarthy: I don't think there's anything fundamental that's changed. I think it really is just the moving pieces and the dynamics for the business. And obviously, medical trend has been a key factor over the last few quarters.
Thomas McCarthy: Well, in the first quarter. We accrued $10 million based on the actual results. And that's generally $10 million after-tax and that's generally in line with our expectations. And going forward, we're not really anticipating any significant surprises. I probably would rather not get into commenting on the full year outlook, given there are so many moving pieces. But again, we're not expecting any surprises.
Thomas McCarthy: Sure, Justin, it's Tom. Just a couple of things. We don't jointly disclose the specific loss ratio and experience rate, but I can tell you that, like the rest of the book, it is down a little bit. So there's no surprises there. To your more specific questions, we continue to have a little less than 40% of the accounts in deficit, that's consistent with what we've had over the last few quarters. And the deficit amounts actually declined a little bit. They were $138 million at year end and they are now down to $126 million.
Thomas McCarthy: I'd just follow on a couple things there, Charles, just to state the obvious. Obviously with the employer taking more risk, that means less risk for us, that means less capital deployed against the business. And in fact, the dynamics that work here are the risk charge in dollars is less because we're taking less risk, so that's the benefit to the employer. Of course, they're taking the risk. But the margins and the return on capital are actually higher. So it's an attractive opportunity for us. The other thing I would point out that customers that select this kind of program tend to be the kind of customer that are willing to try and attack medical costs. So it, again, aligns our interest and positions people to want to take advantage of the capabilities we offer and that doesn't always happen in this segment. So we have a good alignment of interests.
Thomas McCarthy: Christine, the question was really focused on how we price the lower level accounts, I'll just point out that in our typical ASO model starting at the highest, the largest accounts, we rely heavily on account's experience and as we continue to -- understanding the account's loss experience -- and as we continue to move down in size, we give it a blend of understanding the account loss experience and our overall book of business. So when you get to smaller accounts, you can't necessarily rely on their experiences as much but it's still a factor. So it's a wide range of things that we would look at. And again, it reinforces back to the transparent model, understanding the results, understanding what network decline it might have been in, what network will be coming through, all that kind of stuff. As far as what we look to for indicators of the future in utilization trends, that's a really interesting question. Obviously we have an awful lot of data that we can track in the recent past and we certainly mine that to try and understand what dynamics we're seeing, again, looking at the components inpatient, outpatient, pharmacy, the professional [ph] . More likely though, we're going to be looking -- we're going to be making judgments on whether in fact some of this impact was related to the economy or just a change in consumption pattern, and be looking for indications along those lines. Either to validate or refute any of those theories and as we pointed out, our expectation is that we expect utilization to continue to start to get back to a more normal trend, but we'll continue to watch that through the balance of the year.
Thomas McCarthy: It's Tom. I view this as a little bit of a difficult question to answer. As we pointed out, our expense ratio is a function of the mix of business that we're in. Again, we have the heavy weighting towards ASO business, more proportionately there than our competitors and by the nature of that, with that just being fee-based without the loss cost premium, it tends to have a high expense ratio. So we have that 2 dynamics going on here. We are becoming more efficient so we're expecting both through business growth and operating expense efficiencies to report a more efficient result. But whether that shows up as a lower expense ratio, really will depend on what the mix of business does, as we just talked about, if you're anticipating ASO to be a growing portion of our business so on a reported basis, that would tend to push the expense ratio up. So my view is we really need to understand on a mix adjusted basis, what kind of progress are we making and are we becoming more efficient and put that in the context of the expense ratio for our investors and the analysts, so that they can understand whether we're making progress on our expense goal or not.
Thomas McCarthy: Carl, it's Tom. I think it is just a little bit of a seasonality and mix of business. First, we have the Part D loss ratio, which of course we'd expect to be high in the first quarter. And the experience rate of loss ratio tends to be higher, so in your observation that it's -- higher than the average that is, so it's down, but it's still higher than the average, and I really can't give you any more context on that. I tried to understand more of those dynamics and those are really the only observations I have that yes, the experience loss ratio is higher than average, but it is down and yes, we do have a -- as we would expect, a high first quarter Part D ratio.
Thomas McCarthy: I don't think there's any particular call out there. I would point out, we had very strong persistency results and that does support margin, and there could be some normalization of that over the balance of the year, which is why our outlook doesn't take the first quarter multiplied by 4, but there's not an important underlying dynamic.
Thomas McCarthy: Dave, I would say first underlying the revenue, good news and appreciate you put a spotlight on that for International. A lot of consistency taking place, like retention, et cetera, there was a big step function of revenues as well. The team has an outstanding January for the expatriate portfolio of business. So in addition to very strong retention that's been consistent, the new business sales within that portfolio were just outstanding for January 1. You'll see that in our financial supplement, relative to covered lives growing as well outpacing even the acquisition contribution from Vanbreda. So that would be the additional item I'd highlight, consistency relative to the strong retention, ongoing fundamentals of cross-selling and new business sales, but also for the first quarter of the year, a really significant and attractive step function just reinforcing the power of the value prop we have for the expatriate and the globally mobile business.
