Brian Evanko: Justin, it's Brian. So I'll start by saying we're pleased to have delivered another solid quarter of MCR performance at Cigna Healthcare which ran toward the lower end of our MCR guidance range when you exclude the prior year Medicare risk adjustment revenue impacts in the quarter that I mentioned earlier. Now within the quarter, total cost of care was broadly in line with expectations. There are a few puts and takes that I call out if we get into specific cost drivers. So we continue to see elevated usage of facility-based services, including emergency room. Additionally, we saw a continuation of elevated utilization of mental health care services, which we do see as a positive over the longer term given the correlation to whole person health. You'll recall in the first quarter, I highlighted slowing growth in surgical costs. During the second quarter, we continued to see abatement in the rate of growth of surgical costs although costs still didn't grow. Now taken all together, we are seeing sustained high cost trends, yet these are broadly in line with our guidance as we planned and priced for the elevated utilization levels that began in 2023 to continue throughout 2024. Now specifically in the second quarter, we did not witness aggregate acceleration or deceleration of care patterns within the quarter. I also would not note any month-to-month variability relative to the year-to-date experience that we've seen. So overall, we remain confident in the full year MCR range outlined in our guidance.
Brian Evanko: Scott, it's Brian. Maybe I'll try to just take a big picture view of the individual exchange business in aggregate and hit your risk adjustment question as part of that. So the headline I'd ask you to take away broadly speaking, our individual exchange book is performing as we expected in 2024. As it relates to the final 2023 individual exchange risk-adjusted true-up, we had already been accrued for a sizable risk adjustment payable. And in the second quarter results, we did have a small unfavorable true-up that was recorded in the Cigna Healthcare P&L. But overall, this was not a meaningful performance driver in the second quarter for us. And then as it relates to the 2024 performance year, we did receive our first look at the industry-wide risk adjustment data for the specific states we participate, as we closed up the second quarter books and the preliminary industry data confirmed that our previous 2024 risk adjustment assumptions were reasonable. My earlier commentary on cost trends was broadly applicable to the individual exchange business as well. So when you put all the pieces together, we are tracking toward the improved 2024 margin profile we outlined during our first quarter call. And therefore, we'd expect to land the year slightly below our long-term target margin range of 4% to 6% for the individual exchange business.
Brian Evanko: Ryan, it's Brian. Congratulations on your new role. As it relates to the individual exchange lives intra year, maybe I'll just step back and give you kind of a year-to-date perspective, and then I'll get into the sequential component of your question. So as we discussed during our first quarter results call, the primary driver of the year-to-date change in Cigna Healthcare customer volumes is our individual exchange book. You'll recall that we repositioned this business in 2024, including taking some needed pricing actions in certain geographies in order to improve profitability and we expected to see a reduction in customer volumes as we have witnessed. And sequentially, the individual exchange business drove the majority of the modest decline in the second quarter customer volumes. Now you should think of the primary driver of that being non-payment of premiums as a result of some of the pricing actions we took in a couple of the larger geographies. So it's essentially the delayed effect of those grace periods kicking in. It was an immaterial impact to our financial results in the quarter. Over the course of the balance of this year, we would expect to see continued strong growth within our U.S. employer under 500 Select segment, which should result in sequential growth in U.S. employer and Cigna Healthcare lives for the balance of the year. So taken all together, we're pleased with the overall balance in the Cigna Healthcare portfolio. As it relates to 2025 in the picture there, we've just recently completed all the pricing and rate filings network design. And until we really see all the competitive dynamics, it's hard to know how that will shake through we would expect our margins to be similar or potentially a little bit better next year in the individual exchange book as we look forward. But too early to know exactly how we'll shake out from a membership standpoint.
Brian Evanko: Josh, it's Brian. I'll take that one as well. So we see the ICRA market in its current form is likely being a niche market, but one that we're monitoring closely. So more specifically, we see the ICRA market as something that could be in a feeling option for smaller employers who tend to be more commoditized buyers. And we expect this is most likely to be an attractive option for employers with less than 50 employees, which is a market segment that is financially immaterial for us today. And within the under 50 market, the average employer there has fewer than 10 employees, so very small employers typically. Now all that said, our individual exchange business represents an opportunity for us to participate in the ICRA space, should it gain more momentum? Again, I didn't know where I started and that we see this most likely being a niche market our stop-loss offerings, to your question, are fully integrated with our Select segment business. So you should not think of that as something that is a net threat to us in the select market provided that the under 50 concentration transpires the way that I described earlier.
Brian Evanko: Adam, it's Brian. So first off, we're pleased to have delivered another strong quarter of results on both the top and bottom lines with overall results slightly ahead of our expectations in the second quarter. Now within the quarter, we did have some timing-related benefits, including tax items that contributed to the strength in the EPS line, and we're pleased to reaffirm our full year guidance as well as all key supporting metrics considering this dynamic environment. And importantly, both Evernorth and Cigna Healthcare are delivering against their respective commitments. Taking into account the environment, we're being prudent with this attractive full year EPS outlook of at least $2.40, representing over 13% growth near the high end of our long-term average annual EPS growth rate range of 10% to 14%.
Brian Evanko: No problem, Dave. So as it relates to the second half MCR guidance, I think your question was in a year-over-year context. Really, three factors that I'd highlight, if you're looking at it relative to the back half of '23, you may recall from our first quarter earnings release, we discussed that the 2024 seasonality would be more similar to pre-pandemic norms with the MCR increasing as the year unfolded, in part driven by our individual exchange business metal tier mix, which is skewed more bronze this year. Additionally, we had some favorable stop loss utilization in the fourth quarter of 2023 that we are anticipating will normalize in 2024 and our year-to-date experience is consistent with that expectation. And then finally, there is one additional business day in the third quarter of this year, which has some elevation in the MCR in the third quarter specifically for that. So all those factors combined to generate a higher second half MCR year-over-year. But again, we remain comfortable and confident with the full year MCR guidance range that we provided here. As it relates to the pricing environment, and I'll comment specifically on our U.S. employer business, as a reminder, this is a book that's nearly 85% ASO or self-funded. So therefore, we have earnings levers that go well beyond a pure risk-based MCR, but that said, our U.S. employer book is currently operating from a position of strength as we've been performing within target margin ranges. And we remain disciplined with our own pricing strategy in the current environment. We continue to price to our best estimate of forward-looking cost trends. To your point, I don't need additional margin recapture at the book level. We are seeing the impact of inflation work its way through our provider contracts. As these contracts renew, we continue to expect elevated levels of utilization through 2024. So when you put all those pieces together, our all-in pricing trend for 2024, slightly higher than what we had assumed a year ago for the corresponding 2023 pricing cycle. And we're confident in our ability to secure appropriate pricing for 2025 and beyond. So a long answer to your long question.
Brian Evanko: Sure. So as it relates to the fees and other revenue line in Evernorth, which is up 14% quarter-over-quarter, I think about a number of different areas contributing to the strong performance. contributions from our Evernorth Care businesses are reflected here. So think of EviCore, MDLIVE, our behavioral health business. And then additionally, to the core of your question, we are seeing continued growth in service-based solutions within the pharmacy benefit services business where clients are electing more fee-based orientations with us. So finally, the other contributor to this is the cross enterprise leverage that we're driving with Cigna Healthcare results in revenue from Cigna Healthcare showing up in fees and other revenue in Evernorth and then being eliminated at the corporate level. So all of those contribute to that strong growth in the fees and other revenue line.
David Cordani: I appreciate the call out. First and foremost, let me reiterate we're proud of the work we do daily, and I'm greatly appreciative of our team that gets up everyday serving our patients and customers through employer relationships, health plane relationships, governmental entity relationships and increasingly through partnerships and collaborations to health care professionals. Second, we will and need to continue to innovate for the benefit of those we serve, whether that's through the likes of ClearCareRx, our patient insurance program, our EnCircle program, our independent pharmacy program, all of which are first in the space. Now specific to your question, we challenged ourselves to be much more aggressive and complete relative to communication and engagement in support of our clients, be they employers or health buying customers collaborate even more deeply and intensely with the independent pharmacies and subsegmenting the independent pharmacists who are truly independent and rural working on the hill, of course. And then lastly, more aggressively leveraging credible third-party independent analysis of what our industry does and specifically what we do on behalf of those we serve in a fact-based incredible way. So you should expect to see us a bit more complete and aggressive ensuring that we're amplifying that. But make no doubt, we also need to continue to innovate as we have, and we will continue to innovate for the benefit of those we serve.
David Cordani: Sure. So first, if you think about some of the solutions we identified both in today's call and in prior conversations, you can think about our digital health formulary, as a way that we connect capabilities and work to connect them seamlessly. You can think about the way the Encircle program is designed. It's designed to have actually coordination and continuity that is patient-centric the oncology program that we will roll out in 2025 is another example of taking specific care need or episode of care and redesigning the pathway to care in a much more coordinated basis, staying focused on the patient and the health care professional. The Cigna Behavioral Group offering that I referenced has much more continuity and coordination of the care experience, starting from the access to the medical professional, the matching and the coordination and there'll be new offerings. You can think about all those as largely having been built organically as we continue to invest back in the organization. To the core question through acquisition, you could think about that as well, you never roll it out largely not fueled through acquisition, although there could be episodic coordination of point solutions. And then I would graph in the middle, I'd remind you that we operate the Cigna Ventures organization where we have a now meaningful track record of partnering with organizations where they are, by definition, almost point solutions and helping collaboratively to co-innovate with them as we go forward. So stepping back, largely organically driven proven track record and the acceleration of new innovations that are coming to market for the benefit of those we serve to meet that demand.
David Cordani: It's David. As we discussed back in 2023, as the year was unfolding, just by way of context, we were very mindful of the potential for some softening of the employer marketplace. And then to your point, in group trends softening a little bit. And when we state of quite close to monitoring it, it didn't really manifests itself in any material way, given employers we're still working to get to a full level of employment. For 2024, we've taken a similar cautious curious monitoring approach and built a little bit of consideration relative to softening. And by and large, we have not seen that to date. So the membership headlines that we've delivered represent good fundamental strength as Brian noted previously, the change in our membership is largely driven by our as expected, dampening of the marketplace, as you would call it, our individual exchange business. But we remain closely monitoring any dampening tied to the economy and thus far haven't seen anything material to call out there.
David Cordani: First, let me thank you all for your engagement today, your time and your questions. I just want to highlight a few headline points. With our momentum, we are confident that we will deliver on our EPS outlook of at least $28.40 for 2024, which represents over a 13% growth rate from 2023. Additionally, before we close, I want to recognize and express appreciation to our 70,000 co-workers across the globe. It's their continued focus, dedication and commitment to support our clients, our customers, our patients and our partners that enable us to deliver on our commitments, including those to you, our shareholders. We're proud of what we've achieved, and we're excited about the opportunities that stand as we look ahead. And as always, we look forward to our future discussions. Have a great day. Thanks.
Eric Palmer: Evernorth and Express Scripts specifically has a long history of supporting health plans to offer Medicare Part D plans. We've got a great track record of a treatment and strong stars outcomes for them and supporting our plans and their offerings and helping them with the tools to manage formularies and model the impacts of changes for example. We're continuing to make investments to help ensure our plans are well positioned with the continued evolution of Part D coverage. We even with the most recent round of changes from the IRA like the administrative requirements associated with the copay smoothing just as one example. This continues to be an important part of the Evernorth and Express Scripts business that we're positioned to continue to help our plans succeed and thrive as they work through these changes.
Eric Palmer: George, it's Eric. First, I'm going to comment on any specific negotiations with any pharmacies or things along those lines. But as you know, we've got a wide array of choices and options for our clients. That extends to how we've constructed our network as we look to balance access and affordability that best meets the needs of our clients and their patients. So we work to assemble a range of different network options under a range of different reimbursement types that match up with the needs for cost access and the associated trade-offs and touch there for our clients. So overall, that approach has served us well. We work to continue to innovate to bring new solutions to market. An example of a new solution there would be like late last year, we announced our ClearNetwork Solution. ClearNetwork provides a comprehensive simple solution in that, the pricing is based off of independent, externally created index and then it's got a simple margin that's shared between us and the pharmacy. So it's a new offering we put in the market last year that's generating interest. But again, overall, the portfolio of offerings that we continue to pull together resonates with our buyers and is part of the reason we've continued to grow the pharmacy benefits services, chassis nicely over the last few years.
Eric Palmer: Thanks, David. So, just stepping back a little bit again as well. Biosimilars are really important opportunity to improve the affordability of these high-cost specialty medicines. And we're really well positioned to help to connect our clients and their customers with these therapies. Our approach here has been consistent in that we offer choice and value to best align with our clients' needs. And we're focused on getting to low net cost fuel and competition and aligning incentives for everyone involved. The patients, our clients, our plan sponsors and the pharma supply chain. As you've made reference to in your question through Quallent Pharmaceuticals, our private label distributor we contracted with multiple manufacturers for interchangeable biosimilar Humira, and this is available at no cost to patients and attractive cost to plan sponsors began shipping this product at the very end of June. So just a few weeks ago, we've already seen meaningful uptake in the last few weeks, consistent with our expectations. We expect the customer adoption to continue to grow over the balance of the year. And it's early, five weeks in, really or so, but we see biosimilars having about a 20% share of our book at this point after just shipping this product for the last five weeks. I've said to overall continue to see that this is a real opportunity for us to improve the affordability of health care for the benefit of our clients and our plan sponsors.
Eric Palmer: Jessica, it's Eric. So I guess stepping back, our approach is focused on getting -- offering choice and value and getting to the lowest cost and best available solution from a patient perspective. So a couple of things I would note. First of all, our biosimilar offering is interchangeable. And so that facilitates an easier election if a patient chooses to choose a biosimilar, it's an easier process by being interchangeable, so that would be one thing I would note as a differentiator for us. More broadly, we're here to facilitate and ensure patients have access to the medicines that they need. So if the Skyrizi or Rinvoq will be in a position to fulfill that as well. But overall, we're working to make sure that we've got the right access to all of the medication. As we look ahead, ensuring we've got on a fully developed portfolio of all of the available biosimilar offerings will be important, and we'll continue to be in a position to lead here.
Eric Palmer: It's Eric. So let me start and just talk a little bit about the Encircle and then I'll ask Brian to talk a little bit more about the numerical dimensions of things. So within the Encircle program, we've got over 2 million covered lives at this point. So that's growing nicely. Stepping back a little bit in terms of just looking at the coverage for GLP-1s for weight loss indications overall in the Express Scripts business, we've now got essentially 50% or so of plan sponsors covering for weight loss indications. So we've seen continued incremental growth there. The underlying utilization levels also continue to grow nicely. We've seen growth there, consistent with what you might have seen from an industry growth perspective or things along those lines.
