David M. Cordani: Sure, Justin. So first, the headlines. We're pleased with the 8% to 10% revenue outlook and continued growth of our well-positioned businesses; as Tom noted, the 3% to 8% earnings growth on a same-store basis; and the underlying 5% to 10% EPS growth on a same-store basis. And as we've done in the past, we will continue to make ongoing investments in our company while seeking to generate an attractive and competitively differentiated outcomes for our business. Also very importantly, all the numbers I just referenced exclude the impact of the $1.8 billion of deployable capital we'll have for 2015. As it relates to tailwinds, you can think about several tailwinds for us: clearly, the revenue and customer base growth, number one; two, expense leverage -- we have a track record of continuing to generate efficiency gains and expense leverage, some of which we redeploy for the benefit of innovation. Third, ongoing specialty penetration. We have a good track record of driving further specialty penetration. And fourth, some improvement in the performance of our individual portfolio of businesses. As it relates to headwinds, you can think about a few: as we've discussed before, the impact of specialty pharma on the overall medical cost trend and specifically, for example, its impact on Seniors portfolio of business; two, as you know, another step-up in the industry tax -- a portion of it, our assumptions are, will not pass through fully in the Medicare arena. And thirdly, for us, given our global nature, some FX impact into 2015. But taken as a whole, we feel good about the 2015 impact that we're able to generate here with growth, earnings and EPS growth; capital positioning; and then finally, Justin, the positioning this gives us for 2016, as we would expect to have further earnings accelerants off of the positioning we've taken relative to our Seniors business in that portfolio. So taken as a whole, we're pleased with the outlook for '15.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Justin. We've always been quite transparent providing the updates each quarter, so stepping back, our capital deployment priorities are clear and unchanged: serve the existing needs of the corporation and support the underlying growth and investments; two, targeted and strategically attractive M&A; three, return to shareholders. And to your point, our track record demonstrates our preferred approach there is relative to share repurchase. And our objective is to provide you the transparency of what the free capital available for deployment and allow you to draw your judgments in terms of how you want to look at that. The headline here is really strong and well-performing balance sheet, really strong and well-positioned operating subsidiaries from an underlying capitalization level that provides the $1.8 billion available for deployment. And I would suggest you look at our track record relative to how effectively and how efficiently we've deployed that and we provide updates each quarter.
David M. Cordani: Well, Josh, I think you've got the moving parts pretty well nailed. So again, our MCR outlook for commercial in 2015 is 78% to 79% compared to 78.9% on an operating basis in '14. And it is driven by the items you mentioned. It reflects continued good performance in our employer group business, some benefit from pricing for the incremental industry fee in 2015 and some improvements in individual. And that essentially summarizes the major moving pieces.
David M. Cordani: Well, in the fourth quarter, things have been moving around. I'd say low single-digit million dollars impact. So I didn't before, but that's about the quantity.
David M. Cordani: It's David. Just a little color on our view and our positioning and then our results. First, and most -- we continue to view that the private exchanges may create a sustainable attractive long-term market. As such, we positioned ourself in just about all of the various private exchanges that are in the marketplace today. In addition to that, we have our own proprietary exchange and a dedicated leadership team managing the overall exchange activities. As it relates to outcomes to your point, there had been a lot of conversation in the market as we expected. But consistent with our prior dialogues, we did not expect to see a significant amount of movement in the overall landscape in the marketplace in '14 or '15, and that's what manifested for both the industry as a whole, as well as for ourselves. So specific to Cigna, some movement in both directions, but it all nets out to a de minimis amount of activity. Lastly, as we look to 2016, as I noted, we're well-positioned in the respective exchanges. We'll be actively engaged if -- target clients that, we believe, align very well with our value proposition, present good growth opportunities. But slow activity thus far in line with our expectations.
David M. Cordani: Sure, AJ. We've been very consistent relative to MA is, over the long term, a very attractive growth opportunity. And our view is that a sustainable MA program has 2 major dimensions; effective consumer engagement and personalization capabilities and then strong clinical partnership and physician engagement capabilities with a value-based reimbursement structure, which is what our model is. As it relates to capital employment, you hit the nail on the head. We see both organic geographic expansion opportunities, as well as inorganic geographic expansion opportunities. So that would be one, targeted geographies that are inorganically attractive. Second would be if you expand a little more broadly relative to Seniors and the broader chronic population, additional capabilities or opportunities to serve the Medicare, Medicaid duals or other parts of the population we think are underserved. As I noted in my prepared remarks, we've seen good success in Texas, emerging success in Illinois, and we're going to seek to grow those programs. So those would be the 2 areas for capital deployment: geographic; as well as what we would call segment expansion.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Scott. It's David. First, relative to Select. So we define Select as employers with 51 to 250 employees, so that's our Select Segment. To your point, it has been and continues to be a very attractive growth segment for us, continuing to notch double-digit customer base growth for us and something we're quite pleased with. Our approach to this base is somewhat different than the marketplace. So it's to be consultative and work with employers to design the right consumer engagement and benefit designs and network structures, and then offer multiple funding alternatives, one of which is, as you referenced, an ASO proposition that gives them much more transparency and tighter alignment. As you know, the overall employer landscape in the U.S. is not growing, shrinking up market, a little bit of growth down market. So there's little bit of growth. But net-net, we're taking share in this space and we tend to take share in this space from more traditionally designed financing alternatives for healthcare, to more progressively designed health engagement programs, incentive-aligned programs that have a high degree of transparency, and the outlook there is very positive.
David M. Cordani: Scott, [indiscernible] to your question relative to the specialty item. You're correct. We will see some impact -- a positive impact. But per prior discussions, our team has effectively managed the specialty drug component and specifically, the hep C specialty component in 2014. We're pleased with the recent announcement we have with Gilead. And importantly, I would note that both organizations have committed to innovating a performance-based and an outcome-based component to the ongoing activities. So we're pleased with the overall development that transpired, but also the commitment of both organizations to collaborate on an outcome-based program for the benefit of customers as well.
David M. Cordani: Kevin, it's David. Again, I think you had the right lever. So one, we're pleased with the outlook we have for 2015 from a growth standpoint. As Tom noted, generally speaking, stable MCRs. As we look to 2016, we would expect to be able to grow both revenue, as well as margin. As I noted in my prepared remarks, we expect to see further improvement in the Stars Ratings, for example. And the positioning we took in 2015 was to position products in key markets within expectation, and what we saw was a step-up in 2016 Stars. So we will see both revenue contribution going into 2016, as well as margin expansion contribution in 2016, therefore, an earnings accelerant.
David M. Cordani: Christine, it's David. First and foremost, there have been a variety of administrative release that took place post the passage of the bill back in 2012 and up to, as you referenced, the CRomnibus because the administration recognized that there was an unintended consequence to that business. We're pleased with the outcome from the CRomnibus, legislatively rectifying that for the benefit of global employers. And I would suggest to you the biggest impact here is taking away the administrative complexity that applying the ACA to the global employers expatriate benefit business would create, that was putting a burden on that business portfolio that we were managing through; that's the biggest benefit. There's a small economic benefit, but that's the -- that's a few of the [ph] byline. The bigger piece is it cleans it up for purposes of global employers not to be exposed to that.
David M. Cordani: Christine, it's David. On your second part -- and pretty efficient working in multiple questions here. At a headline level, as we've discussed before and I noted, duals, ABD, et cetera, in targeted geographies continue to present an attractive opportunity for us because we believe they're underserved as it relates to clinical care coordination. And our clinical programs actually play quite affectively there as noted in our Texas program. We're going to seek to grow those activities organically, and then opportunistically as we noted in our M&A priorities, opportunistically for geographic density. We will also look to dual capabilities from an M&A standpoint. So I would view that as both organic and inorganic opportunities for us.
David M. Cordani: Relative to growth, as Tom noted, we merged the HealthSpring and the legacy Cigna programs and sought to take the best of both organizations. For 2015, we -- our growth efforts, we're targeting the chooser population and we saw a very good traction in our sales efforts there. We'd note that our early results through January from a utilization and performance standpoint for the new population are in line with our expectation for that chooser population, meaning the aggregate utilization levels, importantly, the mix of utilization by generic and otherwise. And as Tom noted, we expect, generally speaking, stable MCRs going from 2014 to '15 for this portfolio. And again, it presents an opportunity for further earnings expansion looking into 2016.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Andy. As you noted, it's early in the cycle. But to give you some color -- and again, when I give you color, just -- we'll define what we talk about in national account, so commercial employers with 5,000 or more employees that are multistate. We're actually seeing a pretty robust pipeline of new opportunities unfold. So it's unfolding both meaningful scale and early in the cycle. So we're seeing a robust pipeline begin to unfold early in the cycle. And with an elevation -- a further elevation in intensity looking for what we call engagement and incentive-based programs, exploring a lot of the value-based network configurations and the like, which play very well to our strategy. As it relates to the last part of your question, the percent of our book that's out to bid, we see a smaller percentage of our book that's out to bid for 2016 than we did prior year, and that's consistent with the dialogue we had last year. We indicated that we had an elevated percentage based on procurement cycle. So we managed through that queue pretty well for 2015. And now looking to 2016, while the smaller percentage of our book of business out to bid and, again, we're seeing a pretty nice robust pipeline beginning to unfold early in the cycle.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Ralph. It's David. As you know, the vast majority of our commercial business, U.S. commercial business, is ASO. So as we're able to grow our portfolio, the preponderance of that is ASO-oriented. I'd also note that our expectation, as the results unfold and in line with the guidance that Tom provided, the 1% to 3% customer growth, which excludes our QualCare network acquisition, we would expect that our guaranteed cost lives, or our risk lives, would decrease because of the run off of the individual non-ACA compliant lives, so very important. As we get into the year, we'll provide you more detail as that manifests itself. But net-net, you should think about our growth as being predominantly ASO-oriented, and that transcends through Select, the regional segment, et cetera. And we see good traction there.
David M. Cordani: Well, the competitive environment -- maybe I'll flip it around a little bit the other way, and then try to answer your competitive environment. The buying environment, so the client portfolio -- and we call them clear as [ph] clients, clients continue to seek what we call -- you might call alternative funding, we'll call transparent funding -- so the demand for more transparent funding continues to grow as employers are seeking to get alignment of incentives and better visibility through how their funds are being deployed and align the incentives for their employees or customers. And so that trend continues. So hence, the competitive environment, competitors are seeing more ASO activity as well. For Cigna, that's good for us because we're extremely well-positioned in that environment from benefit design, the consultative nature, and very importantly, the employer reporting and insights that go along with that monthly, quarterly and annually to provide the guidance in terms of what's transpiring. So yes, elevation, but it's elevation because of the client demand, not competitive activity. And client demand continues to go up.
David M. Cordani: Ralph, I'll try to be responsive. Again, real efficient in getting a bunch of questions in here. For pharmacy, more broadly, as you know, we have a wholly-owned pharmacy organization that we continue to invest in. It's performing well as evidenced by our strong clinical outcomes, continued customer growth and strong earnings performance. And we continue to invest in that. So relative to your latter question on Specialty, we run our own Specialty operations within the organization. It's performing well. Our team continues to look to means to further expand and strengthen that, either through collaboration or otherwise. But we're investing in and continue to run that on our own. As for results, and per prior conversations, for 2014, our results tracked in line with our expectations. In fact, they tracked a little bit ahead of our expectations largely because of actions we took around rate and pace of investments, the timing of that and inherent level. So we actually were a little bit ahead of our track record for 2014. And for 2015, our overall targets for our pharmacy business are in line with our expectations, maybe slightly favorable for the overall franchise.
David M. Cordani: Ana, it's David. First and foremost, as we've talked now for multiple years around the Select space and ASO, ASO stop loss, variety of funding mechanisms, we believed, and it's proven out, we believe that there will be increasing demand. We believe that's a result of the increasing competitive activity, and we believe to be successful we'd have to continue to innovate. And that's what's transpiring in the marketplace. As it relates to standalone, if you'll -- stop loss players in the space, I don't see that as a primary competitive disruptor largely because of the impact of integration here. So if you step back, what makes these programs work is not a stop loss program. What makes these programs work is getting the benefit alignment laid out with the right incentives, the network configuration appropriate, the clinical programs aligned. For example, we have the ability, and we do, do on-site biometric screening, on-site coaching for a 100 lives employer. That's a new model, to be able to do that and bring that on board for a client and identify the 1, 2 or 3 high-risk individuals who are not incurring costs today, but we need to engage clinically with. And integrating all of that with the ASO funding mechanism, stop loss when it makes sense for that employer, as well as the reporting, that's the core of our value proposition and we continue to see strong demand for that today and into the future. And we would expect, again, competitors to step into this space because there's a significant amount of demand. Key to us is the results we're delivering and ongoing innovation.
David M. Cordani: Yes, Peter. I have to tell you, I haven't done that calculation. But obviously, we're not seeing it in the results, so I don't -- I think you might be missing a little -- something there. But just a couple of things. First, the loss ratio on stop loss is lower than the average overall loss ratio, but the premium density in the other businesses is pretty high. So I'd be surprised if there was a 1 point impact, but we'll do that math. Second, on stop loss, we actually would expect some modest increase in the stop loss loss ratio as we continue to sell disproportionately in the lower end. And those customers tend to have a more premium density, so less of an expense factor in the result and a higher MCR. Again, very attractive MCR, so it's not like it's worse profitability. The bottom line margin is still very attractive for the -- that stop loss business. But the dynamics in the MLR are a little higher. So I would expect that there's marginal impact probably from this change, but I'll do a little more careful look at that.
David M. Cordani: Chris, it's David. As it relates to inorganic capital deployment, we have 4 priorities and the 4 priorities have remained the same. These are not in order. These are the 4 priorities: further our global footprint, Medicare Advantage and dual capabilities, further our retail-based capabilities, and then what we call Go Deep bolt-on capabilities for our portfolio. So I wouldn't separate international as more than or less than for 2015 versus the last year. It's within our portfolio when we've been opportunistic and focused in terms of opportunities outside the U.S, as well as inside the U.S.
David M. Cordani: Well, the direct answer to your question and then a little more color is yes. A little more color is as we talked about the 2015 outlook, we're pleased with it, with the 8% to 10% revenue growth outlook. And then, the 3-day percent earnings growth outlook on the same-store basis and the 5% to 10% EPS growth outlook without capital deployment. As we said, looking to 2016, we see margin expansion opportunities within the health care business. Margin expansion opportunities, specifically in the senior space, both for MA, as well as PDP. We see further margin expansion opportunities within our individual block of business where we've seen some improvement move from '14 to '15. And then, we'll see further scale leverage beyond the ongoing fundamentals of our strong performing employer business. So margin expansion opportunities exist in 2016 and '17 and beyond, and we're quite excited about that.
David M. Cordani: We didn't, Brian. It's about -- we ended up 1:1 enrollment period. It's about 250,000 more lives than we had at the end of the year.
David M. Cordani: Brian, I think you may be able to work for the NSA if you're going try to connect those dots. But the -- really, what you have is continued refinement and responsiveness. We actually chose to provide 2 MCRs versus 1 because there are different attributes within the government portfolio business versus the commercial business. And while we had alternatives, we believe that, that was more customer-friendly and provided the transparency to drive the dialogue on a go-forward basis. And as we have in the past, and as we will on a go forward basis, we'll try to give you as much color as possible in terms of the underlying drivers of the overall business portfolio. But this was an attempt to be, again, responsive to the market, but also maintaining appropriate amount of transparency and not go to a single loss ratio, but provide 2 loss ratios for the domestic health business.
David M. Cordani: In your comments, Dave, were pointed toward 2016, so put MA back in context. We're pleased in aggregate with the M&A -- MA outlook for 2015 from a customer growth, the 6% to 8% customer growth. You're correct. You draw attention back to a market that we sought to do some repositioning in, and we're feeling the final impact of that, or a final meaningful impact to that repositioning in 2015 in terms of both the lack of life growth. So even in the 6% to 8%, the lack of life growth in that market is fully contemplated in the 6% to 8%. And we would expect, as we step into 2016, an opportunity to see improvement in performance there. So that's a contributor as we look to the future, but part of that repositioning is being felt in 2015.
David M. Cordani: Our organization has demonstrated significant improvement in Stars as I noted going from 40 to 60 for 2016. We were pleased with that outcome. It was in line with our expectations. And as I noted previously, we would expect to see a further improvement going from '16 to '17. I'm not going to comment on individual market activities. But more importantly, our organization is highly focused on the intricacies of the Stars program. And importantly, making sure we're given the right service experience and clinical experience, both medical and pharmacy, for the benefit of our customers, and doing so in a way to move the Stars Rating up in 2017 to another step function off of the very attractive movement we made going to '16.
David M. Cordani: Michael, so relative to our proprietary exchange capabilities, as you would expect, those capabilities are largely focused on what we'll call down market, so think about Select Segment and a portion of the regional employer portfolio. It's a single carrier, as you would expect, exchange alternative. The value prop -- so let's go into the value prop. The value prop is primarily to enable a further retail experience for individuals to get them more actively engaged in the selection of their personal benefits. And we know that when that transpires, whether through a private exchange or other mechanisms because we do this every day without private exchanges, you get a higher level of awareness, a higher level of engagement, a higher level of ownership of the individual and their benefits and their understanding of what's there, That's the primary mechanism. And then you're able to drive the appropriate personalization or efficiency that works for them. So using your term, consumer engagement or personalization, there's a primary attribute there. As I noted previously though, we've expected this marketplace more broadly to unfold slowly and it is. Our team has seen some success. And we have a dedicated team of resources that will continue to focus on this, but we have not banked on, nor are we banking on a significant step function in revenue, customer lives or earnings growth here. Rather, we've positioned ourselves to have smart optionality to the extent this market moves forward very positively.
David M. Cordani: Thank you. So to conclude, I just want to offer some points from our morning discussion. Cigna's strong fourth quarter and full year results reflect solid revenue and earnings contributions from each of our business segments. As an organization, we have over 35,000 talented colleagues around the globe whose work exemplifies our mission of improving health, well-being and sense of security for the people we serve every day. The momentum we generated off of another strong year in 2014, combined with our attractive growth opportunities, give us confidence we will achieve our full year 2015 outlook. We plan to continue to leverage our proven business and core capabilities to drive meaningful growth in attractive new markets and segments, resulting in doubling of our revenue over the next 7 to 8 years. And we remain committed to achieving, on average, our annual EPS growth objective of 10% to 13% over the long term. We thank you for joining the call today and your continued interest in Cigna, and we look forward to continuing our conversations.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Thanks, Matt. It's Tom. Our Global Supplemental Benefits business has a track record of building strong revenue and earnings growth. And it's focused by leveraging the broad and innovative distribution and strong analytic and customer insight capabilities. We saw that result in '14 and we're really seeing that result in '15 also. There are a few layers to the result in '15, though. Our outlook for 2015 earnings of $230 million to $250 million reflects continued strong operating margins; the continued funding of growth initiatives; and continued currency pressure, as you suggested, of about $10 million to $15 million after tax. So if you adjust for the $21 million onetime tax benefit reported in '14, the deal amortization change and the impact of the currency pressure, the underlying growth for global supp is in the 8% to 18% range.
Thomas A. McCarthy: No, we don't intend to provide revenue outlooks by business segment, but we're expecting continued strong revenue growth in global supp.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Sure. So Josh, the MCR dynamics in individual have been improving over the course of the year. So also reflecting, of course, increased seasonality in the fourth quarter. It's just basically been improving from our initial expectations in the year. It's still a little higher than where we'd like to be. That improvement has been driven basically by both a better assessment of the early part of the year claims as they developed a little favorably and a little bit of an improvement in the run rate and, as you kind of suggested, the 3Rs. So just a couple of minutes on the 3Rs. Our year-end accrual for 3Rs now totals about $200 million after tax. The majority of the accrual continues to be related to the reinsurance element of the 3R program, with risk adjusters representing the higher amount of the remaining balance and a smaller amount for risk corridor recoveries. And I'll give you some more specific color on our approach. We have accrued reinsurance at the 80% coinsurance level consistent with the design of the program. We have not accrued any risk adjuster impact for our Texas business due to the current lack of industry data. And we accrued amounts under the risk corridor because we're comfortable with the statutes and administrative guidelines that support that program. So as you know, there's some interplay among each of these program elements, but overall, we're very comfortable with our total accrual.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Scott, it's Tom. So we're really pleased with our medical trend results. And just to repeat, we improved our outlook for medical cost trends throughout the year. We ended up delivering our cost trend below the 4.5% low end of our improved range and building on the very strong trends results we reported for several years. Our outlook for 2015 of 5% to 6% reflects some uptick in utilization and some increase in pharmacy trend, especially drug costs and, of course, some impacts from the flu. Components are generally in the mid-single-digit range with maybe pharmacy in the double-digit range.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Yes, Kevin. It's Tom. And you've got the dynamics right. Our -- we've got an outlook of 84.5% to 85.5% compared to the 84.7% operating basis result delivered in '14. And as you say, that excludes prior development reported in 2014. And the picture, I think, is generally like this. We're generally expecting stable Medicare MCRs between Medicare Advantage and PDP with some mix impact actually driving the dynamic here as we're growing some of the higher MCR Medicaid business we have as a portion of the portfolio. Again, all in the margin, but that's generally the result. And I think the outlook calls generally for a stable result.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Christine, it's Tom. First, I'll address the first quarter earning spend. Of course, just to reiterate, we're expecting first quarter 2015 earnings to be lower than the first quarter of 2014. And we attribute it to 2 things: strategic investments; and the growth of our Part D business in the first quarter. On the strategic investment side, I think about additional start-up costs in Medicaid expansions, increased grant spend compared to 2014, and the Part D impact reflects both the first quarter pressure typical in Part D, given the benefit structure -- we all know that Part D first quarter results tend to be low -- and the impacts of the drug transition requirements for new customers. So all in, on a comparable basis, we're expecting first quarter '15 to be lower than first quarter '14.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Thanks, Andy. It's Tom. I'll start and then David will address some of the growth issues. So as you pointed out, PDP results do reflect higher drug costs in the fourth quarter and the full year. And that includes some impact from the mix in channel of drug purchases and some impact from specialty drugs, so both. We've taken actions to try and improve results here -- that will improve results here. We made network and formulary adjustments when we merged the HealthSpring and Cigna Part D plans for 2015, so that resulted in a leaner formulary and expanded utilization plan -- management for the merged plans, which we expect will improve cost. As you pointed out, we also expect some favorable impact from our recent agreement with Gilead on hep C drugs. But we have factored some ongoing pressure in Part D into our 2015 outlook.
Thomas A. McCarthy: Ana, it's Tom. I would think about the standalone stop loss segment as a totally different market than the market we're serving. Again, our approach focuses on the integrated benefits of actually more effectively managing medical cost. And the standalone stop loss carriers, you typically don't have that feature. In addition, we do have some built-in advantages versus them. I mean, we already have this customer in our sights, so we have one set of acquisition costs that they have to pay -- incremental acquisition cost to secure this customer, and we have a lot better insight into the underlying claims data, so our ability to effectively approach the program is very superior. So we don't really find ourselves in what sometimes can be a hypercompetitive standalone stop loss market, not really a market we're computing in. We don't sell stop loss unless we write the underlying program. And when we're selling stop loss, it's part of an integrated package. So the competitive dynamics for the standalone market are very different than the competitive dynamics we see.
