Brian Evanko: Stephen, it's Brian. I appreciate the question very much. So maybe I'll give you a little bit of a flavor for the multiyear view here. So I'd be remiss if I didn't start by saying this is a huge win for the organization and a great validation of the value proposition in the Evernorth segment of our company, and in particular, the Express Scripts team did a great job partnering with our new client here. And we'll be laser-focused on successfully implementing the new client over the course of the next 14 months to ensure a smooth execution of their 20 million customers. And as I mentioned over the lifetime of the contract, the relationship will be accretive to our financials. But you should think of the profit margin percentage being below the book average as is typical for a contract of this size and scale. But in terms of the year-by-year pattern and how to think about that, you should think of 2023 being a headwind, as both David and I said, due to the implementation related costs that are incurred prior to any revenue being received. We're currently sizing that at about $200 million for the 2023 year. Given we're only a week or so into the contract award, we still have a lot of detailed planning to do to refine that. But that's our current best estimate for what 2023 implementation-related costs will look like. For 2024, we are currently expecting to be in a neutral to a small positive contribution standpoint in terms of the income. So you can think of that 2023 headwind essentially unwinding in the 2024 financials. And then for 2025 in the subsequent years, we would expect to be at approximately run rate contribution levels on the relationship.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Justin, it's Brian. On the stop loss, we're really pleased with the strong growth that we've shown this year as you can see, both in terms of the quarter-over-quarter and the year-over-year premium growth with 13% and 12% growth, respectively, on that. Important to keep in mind, there's a few components that drive that. One is we've shown a very strong growth in our fee-based Cigna Healthcare customers this year, and many of those bring with them a stop-loss contracts. So there's some additional units, if you will, of stop-loss that are embedded in the year-over-year growth rate. On top of that, we have had strong firm price increases on our existing client base. And as you noted, now in the double-digit level with the 13% quarter-over-quarter, representing some of the later 2022 renewal dates, seeing strong price increases. And then finally, we have seen a bit of increased penetration on our existing ASO clients as well of the stop-loss products. So a few different factors that drove that strong growth. As we talked about in prior calls, we still have some margin expansion opportunity in our stop-loss book of business as we head into '23. So we would expect another year of strong growth in premiums for the stop-loss product in the 2023 calendar year. On the reserve side, there's really nothing in particular I'd call to your attention there. We continue to employ a consistent methodology to establishing our reserves. There will be some natural variability just between product mix shift and inventory levels changing from quarter-to-quarter. And overall, we feel good about the appropriateness of our reserves, and if you look year-over-year at the reserve levels, they -- all the key metrics that we evaluate screen appropriate and prudent.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Gary, as it relates to our investment income, within the third quarter, in aggregate, the investment income did slightly trail our expectations, but that shortfall was more than offset by the favorable medical care ratio performance within Cigna Healthcare, which allowed us to outperform both our Cigna Healthcare and Enterprise income outlook. Two things that are important to keep in mind as you reflect on that, and you referenced this in your question. The first one is the Chubb divestiture that was completed on July 1, resulted in a step-down of our investment income, and you can think of that as in the range of $50 million to $60 million per quarter. That's essentially removed starting in the third quarter. So any comparisons to historical periods need to normalize for that factor. The second area is within our alternative asset portfolio, which consists of think of this is private market, non-coupon assets. And this represents a minority of our invested assets, but it's subject to mark-to-market accounting for U.S. GAAP requirements. And given some of the challenges in the public capital markets this year, we had expected some downward mark-to-market adjustments in the third quarter and the fourth quarter, and that did transpire. Some of the downward marks were a little bit larger than what we had been projecting. But as I said earlier, strong medical care ratio performance in the quarter allowed us to exceed our overall income and EPS outlook. And as you think about the future and trying to run rate this, if you were to remove the Chubb-related contributions from 2022, the all-in net investment income for '23, you can think of it as approximately similar to the all-in 2022 investment income. So either a tailwind or a headwind as we step into '23 and the investment income one. David, I'll let you comment on the Medicare Advantage.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Ricky, it's Brian. So let me try to clarify some of the comments I made earlier as it relates to our 2023 outlook. So prior to the Centene contract award, the current 2023 consensus EPS estimate we see is reasonable. And so the last I looked this was in the range of $25.30, give or take a few cents. With the recently announced Centene contract, this will create an incremental 2023 headwind that will essentially need to be deducted from that 2023 earnings per share figure that I just referenced. . And then as I mentioned, as is normal, we typically start with our initial guide having some level of prudence in it, particularly since we have an at least EPS convention with the way that we communicate our outlook. So those are the different moving pieces that I would point to as you think about 2023. And then as I said earlier, relative to the two-year 2022 to '24 growth rate, we would expect that to be within our 10% to 13% compounded annual EPS growth rate range.
Brian Evanko: It's Brian. So as it relates to the fees in Evernorth and you can see the strength in this line, if you look at the statistical supplement in terms of fees and other revenue with strong 16% quarter-over-quarter, 21% year-to-date growth. There's a few different components that contribute to this -- so one, this is where our MDLIVE business shows up, and we've continued to see strong growth throughout the year in utilization of our MDLIVE services. Secondly, we have a number of Express Scripts or pharmacy benefit services clients who choose a pure fee-based relationship with us. So we offer a choice relative to how they want to work with us as some of them might want a formulary or a network-only relationship. And so that shows up in this line item. And then also our Evercore business in terms of medical benefit management, some of the post-acute care solutions, et cetera, all roll up into this line item. So all these things in totality are showing nice growth for the Evernorth business. As it relates to your second question, I think that was pointed at Cigna Healthcare more specifically in terms of utilization environment. Third quarter did run favorable to our expectations. Most of that favorability was in the U.S. commercial book of business with our government lines essentially in line with expectations. And within the quarter, both COVID and non-COVID costs in the U.S. commercial book were favorable to our expectations. Non-COVID favorability was predominantly driven by inpatient and emergency room. And on the COVID side of the house, we saw third quarter COVID-related costs running at a very comparable level to what they were in the second quarter, whereas we had assumed a bit of an uptick. So broadly speaking, that's how I would summarize what we saw in the third quarter. All in, our commercial book of business is running just slightly above what a pre-pandemic baseline would have been trended forward to your question there with Medicare a touch below that.
David Cordani: A.J., it's David. So let me provide a couple of landing points there. First, stepping back relative to our capital priorities, our capital priorities remain consistent, which is, first and foremost, to make sure the ongoing growth of the underlying business continues to be funded properly from a capital standpoint as well as from investments in innovation. Second, to obviously service very attractive dividend; and then third, we selectively pursue all attractive and financially attractive M&A and/or return excess capital to our shareholders through share repurchase. Specific to M&A priorities. As we discussed at our Investor Day, you can think about our M&A priorities, largely focused on our Accelerate business and within the Accelerate businesses, a bit more pinpointed within Evernorth Care in our U.S. government business. We may do tuck-ins in other aspects of our portfolio that are highly financially attractive, but the strategic accelerants would be more in the Accelerate business.  To your question relative to earlier this calendar year, we deem 2022 to be a bit unique for ourselves in that as we step into fiscal year 2022, we had the strong operating cash flow that Brian articulated earlier as well as the anticipated inflow from the divestiture of a portion of our international business at Chubb. So those two numbers create well in excess of $10 billion that we had to steward forward. That, coupled with our view of the price of our equity at that point in time led us to create as much clarity as possible for our shareholders in '22 relative to our commitment to share repurchase that we're on track for.  Looking forward, we'll maintain the capital discipline. We will be open to strategic M&A that advances us in the Accelerate businesses.  And then the final note you asked relative to '23, as you have in the past, you just think about we will deploy capital in the way I talked about before, either in a shareholder accretive way to achieve through the shareholder share repurchase and/or through accretive M&A and our contribution to our EPS growth rate in the 3% to 5% range year in, year out from the successful capital deployment that remains intact.
David Cordani: Kevin, it's David. On your first piece, again, we'll look forward to providing you a lot more detail as we get into 2023 relative to 2024. At a macro level, I think the two data points to think about relative to the size of the relationship. And at today's state, there's about $40 billion relative to spend capacity. And as I noted in the prepared remarks, approximately 20 million customer relationships that will evolve and change over time. And as we provide more detailed guidance going forward, we'll try to separate that versus the revenue contribution. To your strategic question relative to M&A, first and foremost, I think you're framing is quite important. I wouldn't call it an arms race, I would call it stepping back. The marketplace demand for further value creation is and will remain consistently aggressive from that standpoint. Hence, innovation, additional value creation, strong operating execution and then selectively expanding your addressable market demand the strategy we deem to be mission-critical. Two, now stepping back to ourselves, as we discussed in our Investor Day, we're positioned with strong performing foundational businesses and well positioned to accelerate business. Those accelerated businesses are in sectors that have secular tailwinds. And then to the core of your point, how do we fuel additional capability growth. I'd ask you to think about it in a multipronged approach as opposed to M&A yes or no. One is significant targeted ongoing organic investment back into ourselves with new innovations and some of which I talked about today, some of which we profiled at our Investor Day, our new Pathwell programs, our unique longitudinal programs that take into consideration data, navigation support best-in-class clinical engagement with physicians and will increase value by taking costs out of the system through improving clinical quality. So organic investments are number one; two, is smartly and successfully leveraging our ventures capabilities to partner up with organizations to accelerate innovation; and the third is M&A. We remain quite open to M&A. We do not deem it to be a silver bullet. It's a part of the growth support strategy. So organic execution, investments in organic innovation, smart leverage of our ventures capabilities as well as M&A over time. And I would just come back and anchor it. Hence, our track record of strong top line growth, and strong bottom line growth with tremendous cash flow generation over the last decade by playing that recipe through which we will on a go-forward basis.
David Cordani: Lisa, it's David. First, relative to the category, as you know from prior conversations, we deem the category to be a net positive from a client, patient and customer standpoint as we look forward, '23 and beyond. As it relates to further improvements in affordability. And given the positioning of our Accredo capabilities, a net positive for ourselves. So just grounding on that for starters in terms of the capabilities to bring this to bear Second, 2023 represents the start of another step function, but the start of another step function as it relates to the biosimilars. Third, we will communicate our national formulary conclusions later this quarter, as you very well know, that's one dimension. And then there's client-specific formularies, decisions that are made that are underway.  So to the core of your question, it will vary in 2023 between international formulary as well as client-specific formularies on a go-forward basis. We deem it to be a net positive for the franchise in 2023. As I noted, it will present a tailwind for us in 2023. And that is HUMIRA-specific or the category specific, but others will begin to ramp as we move through 2023 into 2024. So a transitional -- I view '23 as a transitional year for the space with acceleration. Our decisions are about to be communicated and finalized relative to formulary decisions, and they're varied at an employer or health plan level. Our national formulary decisions will be consistent across that subset of our portfolio.
David Cordani: Sure. Josh, good morning. So specific to Medicare Advantage, let me take it maybe a little bit in reverse order to your question. Because as you articulate, we've been systematically adding new geographies, net new geographies and adjacent counties over the last several years. and successfully opening those counties in those markets. Second, as you would expect, your early sales in a net new market would tend to have a lower contribution than your sales in mature existing markets. The sheer nature of the operating cost environment and getting those businesses up and running from that standpoint. . Having said that, while we are very early in the 2023 decision-making process cycle as everyday kicks on, early presence reporting are positive as it relates to our current net growth algorithm and both in mature counties and markets as well as some of our new market entries. Looking at 2023, given the continued geographic expansion we've made, network improvement we've made, investment in distribution and marketing support as well as more resources and capabilities to begin to harness some of the commercial agents to Medicare, we expect [2003] to be a year of growth for our Medicare Advantage portfolio, and we look forward to updating you on that as we get through the latter part of this year.
David Cordani: Lindsay, it's David. Thank you for the acknowledgment. And as Brian noted earlier, we're excited and we're proud to be given the opportunity, and we'll seek to earn that opportunity day in, day out. And as Brian noted, before going to the core of your question, the team is 110% focused on a successful implementation and initiation of the relationship on January 1, 2024, and is heads down relative to that. . As it relates to future opportunities, I want to get ahead of ourselves relative to that, but we've demonstrated over time when we successfully partner and successfully collaborate, we have an opportunity to broaden and deepen relationships. And we enter this relationship with Centene, First and foremost, needing to, wanting to and fully committed to performing on the existing commitment. And then availing Centene as a partner relative to our Evernorth capabilities and our broad service capabilities to co-collaborate and innovate. So we see opportunity over time, but we're not getting ahead of ourselves. We're focused on the present and the present is a significant win for us. I would wrap around it. Our track record demonstrates deepening of relationships and broadening relationships like co-collaboration and co-development, and that's what we will seek to do with Centene after we successfully deliver on this promise.
David Cordani: Scott, it's David. So broadly speaking, we have viewed this space as a space where we have an opportunity to grow over time. And as you all know, there's been a little bit of volatility since its inception, and we were -- we entered at inception and remained in the marketplace and continue to systematically grow. We'll grow our geographies as we step into 2023. And -- as it relates to the volume, we would expect to have net customer growth. Our current outlook is to have net customer growth in 2023, and we would expect that there would be a positive margin contribution. As Brian and I both noted, we expect the Cigna Healthcare portfolio in aggregate to have some further margin expansion opportunity. We believe that this subset of our space will have net positive margin contribution going forward. I'm not going to comment in terms of the latter part of your question went back to target margins as we continue to invest in, we know what the underlying book is performing at and what we expected to perform at. We'll make investment decisions in 2023 for 2024. That may dampen a little bit of the margins. Those are discretionary decisions for ongoing growth. But headline is well positioned for '23, expect to have net growth and expect to have good margin performance for the portfolio.
David Cordani: Thanks, Brian. Gary, your broader framework, Gary, I'd step back and say, we have -- we do and we continue to operate in an active regulated space. Two, I'd point to, as we look at today in the past, we have a strong track record as an organization of being well governed and strong, healthy compliance-related programs. To that point and to the core of your question, I do not deem that the legal exposure, I think, is where you're going after with the profile of the company has changed meaningfully. And in some ways, given the strategic positioning of our franchise being more services-based, I would make the argument that the legal exposure footprint on a relative basis to the space is lighter from that standpoint, given the services-based nature of our portfolio is more intense and heavy. But no doubt, it's an active space has been, is and will continue to be an active space, but we're proud of our governance and compliance functions and capabilities. .
David Cordani: It's David. Broadly speaking, a framework of growth always presents opportunity. So I think your basic tenant is positive here. Additionally, our opportunity to further enhance the value we're able to deliver to existing clients especially those with higher government portfolios of business and/or strengthen our value proposition even further relative to winning new clients on a go-forward basis. So I would give you a directional answer, not a yes, no answer, but a directional answer that growth is a net positive, whether it's the ongoing investment back in innovation, the capabilities in subsectors of the space in terms of being much more government intensive within this portfolio or otherwise, I would say, net directional positive. 
David Cordani: Steven, it's David. Let me talk a little bit more about the selling season, the dynamic in the process. As I noted in my opening, 2022 results for commercial portfolio business. First and foremost, we're pleased with. We're pleased with the MLR performance. We're pleased with the retention. We're pleased with the net growth. Two, in '22, a primary driver of that growth is good performance in our middle market and sustained success in our Select segment. Within our Select segment, we regularly offer ASO or self-funded with stop-loss, shoulder-to-shoulder with derivatives of and specific risk alternatives. And we provide choice, we provide choice declines relative to funding. We've designed our sales process, our underwriting process. And our solutioning process, we're able to put that choice forward. And year in, year out, it ebbs and flows between a different mix between ASO and stop-loss and risk business. We're pleased with the net risk results that underline that. But I think the overall headline is to sustain strong success of the Select segment.  Now more broadly, as you look at the portfolio, our fee-based business continues to grow. -- prior point it back to the meaningful growth in stop-loss. And finally, in my comments pointing toward 2023, we will have a very good national account, January 1. That's largely fee-based business. That's retention, it's expansion and this new business has as well as addition of large, what we would call middle market fee-based relationships going forward. So the underlying net growth is consistent. The quality is there in the MLR and our risk business, you see is really fundamental strength within our Select segment.
David Cordani: It's David. So I think a really important question and that we didn't spend time on that. So thanks for the opportunity. First, from our point of view, there's little doubt the economy has been confronting some challenges. So recession, non-recession, there's been some challenges. And to date, important grounding, we've seen little direct impact for the demand of our services or the underlying performance for our portfolio, right? Movement in costs here or there. But broadly speaking, we've seen a little direct impact. As we look forward, by and large, we still see an environment where net-net employers are more oriented in terms of maintaining and/or hiring employees seeking to get to full employment. We do see instances where that has slowed. We do see instances where employers are putting freezes. But when you balance the portfolio as a whole right now, there's still a net hiring environment that sits in front of us, not to today. As we look forward, we absolutely play through scenarios that could have further softening of the economy or recessionary impact. At this point, we believe, given the visibility we have into the starting point of 2023 with the net growth we expect to step in the year with, coupled with the strength that we expect in 2022 with, those two points and the various levers we have within our diverse services portfolio and benefits portfolio, we believe we'll be in a position to deliver another strong 2023. Ending with, we acknowledge the fact that the economy is in a bit of a challenged environment in the current state. But all in, we believe our portfolio will be durable and is in a position to perform next year because of the strong start we'll have to the year and the various levers we have to manage in our portfolio.
David Cordani: First, let me thank everybody for joining our call today, and I'll just wrap up with a few thoughts. First, our business is performing well. Our new collaboration with Centene is great evidence of the strength of our value proposition and how it continues to resonate in the market. We're growing with high levels of retention and winning new clients. We're performing well in this dynamic environment and our sustained disciplined execution is benefiting those we serve as well as our shareholders. . We are delivering for our shareholders and remain on track for our full year adjusted EPS outlook of at least $23.10, which is elevated from our prior outlook, and we are confident we are well positioned over the long term to continue to deliver on our annual adjusted EPS growth of 10% to 13% plus our meaningful dividend. This is all possible because of the breadth of capabilities we have across our organization, our proven commitment to innovation, but most importantly, the dedication of our more than 70,000 coworkers across the globe. I personally appreciate our team and what they do every day for our clients, our partners, our customers and patients and I thank them for the commitment to making a positive impact on people's lives each and every day. We thank you again for your interest in Cigna, and we look forward to continuing our conversation as we go into the latter part of this year. Have a good day.
