Eric Palmer: Thanks, Justin. Good morning. So I will start with the reserve development piece first. So stepping back here about, just to remind you, as we look back to the second quarter, we had significantly lower utilization in April and May, and as we close out the second quarter we had to make estimates around the claims associated with the month of June. Now with the benefit of hindsight, utilization in the month of June came back a little bit faster than we previously estimated. So the way I’d have you think about this Justin is we recorded about 1 point in the loss ratio in the third quarter that really should have been back in the second quarter. So, again, think about 100 basis points on the loss ratio in this third quarter results relating to in-year reserve development that’s associated with the second quarter. That’s the headline in terms of the reserve development. As you think about the thesis, I would point that primarily to the Commercial business in terms of the line of business, et cetera. In terms of the deal close, to go to that part of your question, we are on track for closing in the fourth quarter. We have put out a release a couple of -- in September, so a handful of weeks to go now, nothing that we had 55 out of the 65 required regulatory approvals. We now have 63 of the 65 required regulatory approval, so we are right at the cusp of getting that transaction closed and going from there. I will let David take the kind of forward-looking comments in terms of capital deployment and the like.
Eric Palmer: Hi, Gary. It’s Eric. So on the first one, just to be clear, yes, we are reaffirming the $20 to $21 target and I don’t think there’s any ambiguity on that. That’s been a target we have had for some time and we continue to be on track for that. So, again, I think the short answer to that question is, yes. On the experience-rated business, so as customers, as our clients have different levels of utilization and if there are favorable utilization, we accrue for that in the period. So, I would not think about there being any future headwinds here. Many kind of the dynamics associated with lower utilization are already reflected in the results and in the current period. So I would not think about that as a headwind in the future.
Eric Palmer: Matt, it’s Eric. Good morning. So, with respect to the component pieces, I touched on it a little bit on my prepared remarks, but to unpack the components. I would have you think about putting COVID aside, utilization being slightly below kind of what we would have said would be normal. So call it 95%-ish for the third quarter in terms of kind of normal levels of utilization. When you add on top of that the impact of testing and treatment for COVID and on top of that the additional actions that we have taken to reduce barriers or reduce cost sharing and to ensure our customers have access to the care, that puts you all together a little bit above the normal. And you might remember, in the second quarter, we had set an expectation that the loss ratio for the second half of this year would be elevated relative to what you otherwise might call it a normal loss ratio. So when you put those pieces together, those are that big building blocks. The only other thing I note is, it really does vary by geography. So as we have had the COVID play in and out of different geographies that kind of move things up and down and such. But, again, when you roll it all up together in aggregate, it would be consistent with what I just described.
Eric Palmer: Yeah. Scott, it’s Eric. Good morning. So I would not call out any particular initiative or program. I think about the opportunity here as really being much more in our continued ongoing drive for improving affordability of our services overall. I mean, just think about things like leveraging technology, improving the efficiency, automation, et cetera, of all the different processes throughout the organization. But, I think, again, it’s just part of the culture of us continuing to create efficiencies versus any particular program.
Eric Palmer: Yeah. On the G&A ratio, in particular, there’s just a couple of things I call out here. At the most macro level, we do continue to spend and continue to invest in building additional capabilities in this business and you see that in the G&A. There are a couple of other impacts that caused it as well. One, as you might remember, we talked a bit in the past, after the close of the acquisition, just kind of rebuilding of the amortization. So the amortization on the assets you acquired gets reset and then we have to rebuild that expense into that -- have built over the -- up over time. Offsetting that is us continuing to work to find synergies and find additional efficiencies. So, again, those would be the biggest buckets that play into that ratio in any given quarter. But it’s not we will be looking to continue to spend and build additional capabilities there as we go forward.
Eric Palmer: Yeah. On the specialty contribution, Lance, to the comments that I made around specialty contributions here refers to the portfolio of specialty capabilities we have benefits overall. So things like health, behavioral, disease management, care management, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. This has been a core part of our go-to-market approach for some time and a high performing business. And as you know, we did call out, a bit lower contribution from these products in the quarter. And as you think about a couple of items here, one, as an example, we have seen significant increases in behavioral costs in 2020 in the third quarter in particular. Utilization there above our prior expectation as we have seen stresses and anxiety take a toll just on the mental health of the nation at large, one. And then, two, the impact our volumes, right? So as we had a little bit of lower volume that comes through this business as well. But those would be the items that I’d refer to you in terms of specialty contributions.
Eric Palmer: Hi, Sarah. It’s Eric. So on the -- good memory, I remember your question from the last call as well on that front, and I would still say, we haven’t seen a change in speed of submission or anything along those lines from a claims perspective. Now the month of June, as I noted in response to one of the other questions and in my prepared remarks that, the most recent month we estimate really based more off of our estimation of activity, not so much extrapolating from kind of the claims that have been received yet or anything along those lines. So, and as I noted, all else equal, we would have exited the month of June now a bit higher than what we did a quarter ago. But think of that as pretty isolated in terms of the impact. As we now have looked at the development of June and looked at our experience in July, August, September even if the emerging experience from October seem quite consistent in terms of the return to normal, the levels of utilization, levels of speed of processing, et cetera. And if you look at our day claims payable metric, well, that metric is not perfect, I mean, you see actually a pretty good degree of consistency in terms of the basically entail the metric for where we sit here at the end of third quarter 2020 compared with prior third quarters or things along those lines. So, at a macro level, quite comfortable that we have got the right estimates and such year, and the estimation of claims and the overall speed of utilization, et cetera.
Eric Palmer: Yeah. So we placed through -- yeah. So we placed through the assumptions consistently by month. So, again, just to unpack that a bit further, we had estimated the month of June, I made some comments a quarter ago about June being closer back to normal levels of utilization with the benefit of hindsight, it was much closer to normal. So, previously, think about that as having been the single-digit closer to kind of a zero level of variation from utilization and we placed those types of assumptions all the way through in terms of each of our estimates for the month since then. So, again, we would think that the June impact was isolated to the month of June.
Eric Palmer: Yeah. Ricky, it’s Eric. I will start. So, in terms of calling anything out in the quarter, I really wouldn’t note any particular impact. I think the potential here is meaningful in the future. So quite excited about the future opportunity as there are more therapies and treatments in the market and things along those lines, but I wouldn’t call out anything related to the third quarter in terms of notable impact.
David Cordani: Justin, good morning. Appreciate your question. And embedded in your question is acknowledgement of the strategic positioning of our portfolio. As you noted, we will be producing a significant -- need to produce a significant amount of cash flow that is deployable from that standpoint. From our point of view, stepping back, as noted in Eric’s prepared remarks, you saw that we were pretty active in the share repurchase domain over the third quarter and saw some tremendous opportunity there. Specific to your question, as I noted, we are going to look forward to providing 2021 guidance on our fourth quarter call and you might expect that as we complete our group closure, as Eric articulated in the fourth quarter and stepping into the first quarter, we have an opportunity not just to refresh our 2021 outlook, but also to refresh our capital deployment priorities and alike off of that very strong base. So we look forward to that conversation.
David Cordani: Andrew, good morning. It’s David. Thanks for referring me to the question. So stepping back, we are delighted with our performance in 2020 for starters, and as we laid out that multiyear 10% to 15% growth objective. We also underscored the fact that we were going to systematically expand our positioning in the market from less than 20% of the addressable market in 2019 to 50% of the addressable market 2024. So we are systematically expanding our geographies and we have added a new platform in terms of individual PPO in 2020. So that continues to carry forward. As it relates to 2021, our view of -- our positioning of our offerings in the marketplace, we feel quite good about that. As I noted in my prepared remarks, we have a strong base to jump off of relative to 80% star rating and a Net Promoter Score of 74. We remain committed to that 10% to 15% range. We look forward to providing you updates as we go forward. We always strive to perform at our best. And I appreciate your optimism and make sure that the senior team knows your optimism as well relative to this, but we are excited to end 2020 with a strong year and step into 2021 with some great growth momentum and look forward to continuing that beyond 2021.
David Cordani: So specific to inorganic opportunities, we have continued to have a portfolio of inorganic priorities. We have historically had five priorities or so that we have walked through and we previously refreshed them about a year ago at our Investor Day from that standpoint and U.S. seniors remains on that list. The underpinning growth chassis for this business is an organic growth chassis, to be clear. So we will be opportunistic and always open minded relative to inorganic opportunities. But the growth chassis here is an organic growth chassis aided by our end market growth, our platform expansion into individual PPO, our new market entry, which I referenced before, as well as over time additional employer, right, with growth from that standpoint. So it’s organic first and opportunistic on an organic as appropriate in the future.
David Cordani: A.J., good morning. It’s David. So specifically relative to Evernorth, as I noted, we are quite excited to have launched that in September. We view it as a further reinforcement of an acceleration of our health service strategy. We have talked for quite some time as a business -- an evolving business portfolio of services and a health service portfolio. Specific to Evernorth, the way I’d ask you to think about it is, one, it’s a further reinforcement of the dedication we have of resources for supporting large complex employer needs, health plan needs, governmental entity needs, both federal as well as state agency needs, as well as healthcare-integrated systems and healthcare providers who were taking performance based risks or value based programs around that. Within our portfolio today, we have a large well performing pharmacy services portfolio solutions, we have a benefit management solutions to bring forward to the marketplace, we have care management solutions and a growing portfolio of data and analytics solutions from that standpoint. And lastly, to your comment, we see this not only as an attractive organic growth platform and our performance reinforces that we are building from strength, but also an opportunity for tuck-in or expansion capabilities as we go forward. And illustratively from that standpoint, we continue to see the opportunity to expand services that we offer to individuals around care delivery and care coordination from that standpoint, embracing technology, embracing virtual services, expanding our home healthcare capabilities, et cetera. We are readily building some of those capabilities organically today and we will be opportunistic from an inorganic standpoint. So just an acceleration of our service portfolio, dedication of resources, reinforcing our partner of choice orientation and a very broad portfolio of services today that will continue to expand for the benefit of those we can serve.
David Cordani: Josh, good morning. It’s David. So, first, as a backdrop, as you know, we have had a long history within the Cigna portfolio of integrated offerings from employers, with a deep conviction relative to integrating those offerings with medical off of the then Cigna PBM, behavioral health, and care management services and that continues. The combination helps us further strengthen that value proposition in terms of furthering the affordability dimension of it, but also bringing some more systemic flexibility for solution design that we can bring toward middle market and larger client from that standpoint. And I would say that that continues, continued traction relative to the integrated proposition. In addition to that, our results show the underlying strength of the pharmacy services from a point solution as we think about it or a specific either PBM, PBM and specialty, or broader suite of services around that. And then through Evernorth, we see the opportunity to further expand that by coordinating, say, behavior health with pharmacy services going forward. So to the core of your question, our strength and momentum continues, the strong clinical outcomes we are delivering continues, many employer/buyers value that integrated proposition and were oriented around that within the Cigna brand, but some larger corporate buyers orient still around either an a la carte or point solution and increasingly looking for some additional leverage around that, we talked about coordinated benefits by bringing, say, pharmacy and behavioral together to coordinate those services and as a combined corporation with the Cigna brand and the Evernorth brand, we are really well-positioned to deliver for either buyer orientation.
David Cordani: So, Kevin, good morning. It’s David. First, as we get into the commercial conversation, I do want to pause for a second and recognize from what we see is just a tremendous contribution that employers are making right now in these disruptive times facing COVID. We are seeing employers of all sizes work, stretch, innovate to do everything possible to support their employees and their family members, whether those are expanded services, additional coverages relative to testing and treatment costs. And they are working tirelessly to either minimize the layoffs or when they need to transpire, doing them through furloughs and having coordination. So I do think it’s important to pause there and recognize the power of that system right now and corporations of all shapes and sizes working really hard to support individuals. As it relates to membership, as Eric noted, in the big picture of a disruptive environment, we are pleased with our performance. Our portfolio tends to be well-positioned by industry sub-segment and our transparency of our programs has us highly aligned with employers. For example, through the third quarter, our employer clients because of our transparent funding mechanisms have about $3 billion less spending than they otherwise would have projected to have given the environment and the continuity of cash flow that takes place around that is quite helpful, above and beyond that we have taken some additional steps. As we look forward, we know it’s a disruptive environment. We expect right now as we look at the environment that we will continue to see employer customer disruption throughout the residual part of this year and into 2021. That’s factored into our outlook when we talk about 2021 in detail. Next quarter, we will try to give you more insight relative to that. We are expecting, net-net, with our new growth, as well as retention as well this enrollment, we would go from the end of this calendar year’s number to the beginning 2021 with approximately stable commercial membership, as we continue selling to Select segment, continue to have some retention losses, but all within our strategic range. And then throughout the course of the year, while we expect to see some continued disenrollment pressure, our outlook relative to growth is quite positive with some known traction into 2021. We expect to see some slight growth going forward. So, all in all, in a highly disruptive environment, we are very pleased with the results were able to deliver and we are fortunate to be partnered with so many commercial clients that are putting their employees first front and center.
David Cordani: Good morning, Ralph. So, first and foremost, relative to Prime, as I noted in the prepared remarks, we work every day to try to earn that right to be as we call it an undisputed partner of choice. It’s a strategic imperative. It guides our actions and underlying that, we need to have the products, programs and services to deliver value. But we also have to have the orientation to partner and to seek mutual alignment. We are pleased with the early configuration with Prime. We established that and stood up in April of this calendar year and it’s performing well. The further dedication we had around Evernorth and our performance relative to that first expansion services earned us the right, as we noted, too and the opportunity to be able to serve Prime in a more expansive basis. We will see that growth continue systematically throughout 2021. As I noted in my prepared remarks, the plans have choices. We are a choice-based framework. But the, for example, the Accredo value proposition is a tremendous value proposition and we are excited to expand that starting in January 1st for many of the Prime plans. There’s investments -- there’s ongoing investments we are making. That’s factored in to our outlook for this year. There will be further investments we are making in the fourth quarter of this year for the tremendous underpinning of growth around that. But we are well-positioned to be able to make that happen and achieve our goals and objectives for 2020 that Eric noted in terms of our refreshed objective and as we get into the detailed 2021 guidance next quarter, we will try to give you a little bit more color. But we just see this as an ongoing expansion of a mutually beneficial relationship, where we are able to create together some tremendous value that individuals will benefit from as we expand those we are able to serve.
David Cordani: It’s David. Let me take it in reverse order. So when we step forward and put forth the CPI goal and objective, I think, it caused the market to question whether or not that was theoretical possible or otherwise. But it was a conversation that needs to be had, because we established it around an orientation that it was a symbol of sustainability, not that it was perfect, but it’s a symbol of sustainability. Said otherwise, if total basket of goods costs from a societal standpoint are increasing by X, whatever X is, 2%, businesses need to find a way to approximate that to create a level of sustainability or better from that standpoint. And we are proud of the fact that we have delivered the lowest medical cost trend, and by the way the lowest pharmacy trend in our space as best anybody could tell apples-to-apples year in, year out. So that continuation is mission critical. This is a unique year, as everybody knows, relative to COVID in terms of disrupting the trend. But we continue to drive toward that. Second within the context of your question, we see many, to your term, disruptive or innovative models to drive step function improvements and we have many clients today pre-COVID that are benefiting from CPI or well better than CPI trend who are on the highly innovative dimension of consumer engagement, incentive alignment, heavy leverage and utilization of value-based care provider groups and center of excellence leverage from that standpoint, et cetera, et cetera. So, you used the word disruption, I will use the word innovation. We see the need for relentless drive relative to that, because as I noted in my prepared remarks, we can’t continue to afford and no society can continue to afford paying at the levels that are being driven. The last point I’d make here is, our open-framed partner orientation has us embrace, if you will, innovators or disruptors be they care delivery systems or alike from that standpoint. So, more to follow here. I appreciate you highlighting it and we remain extremely committed to driving optimal value here. As it relates to your first point, there’s a bunch of, I’d say, hypotheticals and theoreticals within that. The way I hear your first point though more broadly is, it’s another example of pressing for a sustained affordability 340B was designed with a specific purpose and intent in mind. There are many hospitals and delivery system infrastructures that need 340B to make them work. It’s an interesting time to have that conversation, whereby delivery system infrastructures are strained in ways we haven’t seen in the past due to COVID causing massive revenue ramifications, of which governmental intervention and some player like our self and others in our space are providing support from that standpoint. So, it’s an interesting time to have that theoretical conversation, but unlike most programs it will most likely evolve and our broader service portfolio is positioned to evolve with it.
David Cordani: Good morning. Let me take it in reverse order. So specific to employer actions, obviously, unique to each employer, but if we step back and talk about a few of the general trends. First and foremost, the press for improved affordability and value transcends buyers of all shapes and sizes. And through our both prepared remarks and our dialogue today, we continue to reinforce the actions we are taking relative to further improvement of affordability and value trend deflection in the light from that standpoint and our results remain quite strong relative to that. Beyond that, employers are both reaching. So expanding services of a self-funded employer determines, are they going to waive the cost responsibility for individuals around testing, around treatment from that standpoint, example one. Two, are they going to expand services for telehealth or virtual service fulfillment at little to no cost from that standpoint? Many employers have expanded those services. Third, pressing, as Eric articulated before to recognize that the behavioral challenges that had been ramping from a societal standpoint, as we have been oriented around mind and body, have stepped up to another threshold level. So, reaching for identifying additional, we will call it, behavior health and wellbeing services to help to deal with beyond the core of what mental health services are dealing with around stress or on anxiety, around resiliency, around loneliness from that standpoint. So we are seeing employers step into a whole variety of actions and press from an innovation standpoint, press themselves from a care delivery standpoint, et cetera, before we get to the decisions they make when they decide to furlough somebody versus lay them off to try to have continuity of benefits for the benefit of those individuals. Back to the comments relative to the selling season, I must try to provide a little bit of direction there so I punch it up a little bit, but we will go through the appropriate detail on the fourth quarter call. What I indicated is as we look at the overall commercial medical customer environment. First and foremost, our results through three-quarters of this year are strong, given the dislocations happening in the environment and our overall portfolio continues to perform well from that standpoint. Second, I indicated that as we sit here today, we would expect that the medical membership that will end the year with and we expect to see continued disenrollment pressure throughout the course of this year. The medical membership that will end this year with will be about the same medical membership we will have on January 1 plus or minus. There’s puts and takes there. There’s always some lost accounts. Although, our retention outlook is quite strong. There’s always some one accounts that come through from that standpoint and this enrollment will continue. The net of all that in the month of January, our estimation is that we will be about stable and that we will see some membership growth throughout the course of the year. In part, what you heard with that is the Select segment sells every month. Every month is the most important month for that segment. So we will see continued growth contributions come along relative to that. We have visibility relative to some additional growth in the mid part of the year, and then ultimately, we are expecting that the disenrollment pressure in 2021 will continue at a minimum throughout the first half plus of 2021. So I hope that color helps you kind of shape both what we are seeing in terms of the buying environment as well as what we are seeing relative to our outlook.
David Cordani: Good morning. It’s David. So as we step back to think about there’s two different examples to use the digital formulary and Embarc, but embedded in the first part of your comment. As we look at what the COVID environment has done, it’s probably jumped multiple years of adoption relative to additional services from that standpoint. Not unique to our industry but specific to our industry, as we take telehealth and as we take the kind of re-envisioning what can be fulfilled in the home, both safely and a highly personalized way in a more affordable way, leveraging technology in a different way. So we see, what we call, virtual care, so taking telehealth a little bit more broadly in a more comprehensive way as a market trend that will not reverse itself, where we will see some both tremendous adoption growth, and importantly, value for individuals not just from an affordability standpoint, but from a personalization standpoint through that lens and there are a variety of issues, we have both through partner relationships, we have organic initiatives we have and alike. Specific to digital formulary, Embarc, I would not ask you to think about any one launch within our portfolio as the launch or the silver bullet. Rather, we are really proud of the fact that even over the first two years as a combined corporation, we have had a consistent drumbeat of new innovations and new offerings that we have been able to bring to market for the benefit of our existing and prospective clients that we are able to serve through that through the Evernorth framework and there’s a dedicated innovation infrastructure and body resources there. So, the digital formulary has had very good receptivity. Embarc, Embarc is a little bit of a different value proposition, where it’s client-by-client opportunities, but it also is indicative of us changing the narrative, trying to take a problem statement that societies said is unsolvable relative to the high cost game changing super specialty drugs from that standpoint and trying to turn it into a more affordable, predictable simplified offering and you should expect us to bring more offerings akin to that to the marketplace. So we see those as positive contributors, indications of also our conviction relative to innovation and conviction relative to value delivery, and it’s contributing to our revenue growth chassis.
David Cordani: Ricky, picking up on an Eric’s point, I agree with his statements instead picking up on the opportunity. As we think about biosimilars fallout from a U.S. societal dimension, it represents a tremendous opportunity. And while it is grounded in supply chain it’s by no means limited to supply chain, because the biosimilar dimension, you need to have deep and broad political acumen, both in the pharmaceutical arena, but then the additional reach within the practicing physicians to ensure that the decisions made one patient at a time are grounded in the appropriate clinical orientation. And as a combined corporation now we not only have the supply chain infrastructure and the deep and well performing pharmacy clinical infrastructure, but we have deep medical relationships through value based care underlying relationships that positions us quite well. And we are excited to get on with biosimilar adoption rate, where the U.S., if we are honest with ourselves lags, some other countries relative to the approval rate and from an affordability and value standpoint, we need to get on with it and we are well-positioned as a combined corporation to deliver great value there.
David Cordani: Good morning. It’s David. So, in your first point, there is there’s multiple dimensions within that. But stepping back on the vaccine, in the current configuration, we don’t step into this viewing that the vaccine presents a unique revenue generation opportunity. It’s a service opportunity. It will be facilitated through Evernorth for sure. The pricing, the reimbursement structure, et cetera, that will evolve will be very based on the specific vaccines that manifest themselves, as you know. Our political leadership team is highly embedded in the national dialogue relative to this including the distribution, complexity that comes along with these vaccines that our society is starting to get their arms around relative to more than one dose, the continuity that needs to transpire, how society will be kind of prioritized from medical professionals through first responders, to high-risk individuals, et cetera. And we are well configured as a large service provider to be in support of and in service to that initiative and we look forward relative to that. Our team is taking prudent estimates relative to what we think the cost of the vaccines would be relative to 2021 outlook as well through that lens. As relates to the Alzheimer’s drug, I think, it’s another good example of ongoing innovation where as we hit the pause button for a moment and recognize that the vast majority of innovation in the present environment and as we extrapolate forward around healthcare innovation is and will continue to transpire pharmaceutically, right? The chapter is evolving on an accelerated basis that clinical innovation globally will be heavily pharmaceutically oriented from that standpoint. And the Alzheimer drug, which is quite exciting from a societal standpoint, is also extremely complex and costly. Hence having market leading specialty pharmacy capability per Accredo position does quite well and to your last point, presents additional opportunities to potentially expand the Embarc program, which we would suggest would transpire over time. So I think it’s a good concrete example of what the future has in store relative to very exciting and life-changing drugs, but also highly complex and costly and having the capabilities to be able to serve and support that, whether who the Alzheimer drug you just questioned or previously Ricky questioned relative to biosimilars going the other way, our Evernorth portfolio is really well-positioned to be able to create great value for society here.
David Cordani: Thank you. So as we wrap up here, I’d like to first and foremost acknowledge Cigna’s more than 70,000 colleagues around the globe, who again have worked tirelessly and with great empathy throughout this pandemic in support of those we are able to serve around the world, customers, patients and clients. Our mission at Cigna to improve the health, wellbeing and peace of mind of those we serve has never been more important and continues to guide all the actions. Specific to Evernorth, it represents an exciting new chapter for our company and along with our other growth platforms, we seek to leverage our broad suite of capabilities to create innovative and flexible solutions to tackle some of society’s toughest healthcare issues and drive sustained growth. From a results perspective, we once again deliver strong results this quarter and remain on track to complete the integration of Cigna Express Scripts by the end of this calendar year. We are also well-positioned to deliver very strong revenue and EPS outlook for 2020, as well as our 2021 EPS target of $20 per share to $21 per share. With that, we thank you for joining our call. Hope everybody remains healthy and safe in these trying times. Thanks.
