Ralph J. Nicoletti: Sure. Matt, regarding as we look at the balance of the year, we would see that the fourth quarter, in the 5.5% to 6% range kind of reflecting a continuation of the trend that we just saw this quarter. And in terms of some of the pieces, by and large they really haven't changed materially versus what we talked about in the first part of the year, in-patient is pretty muted; and professional service utilization, up a little bit, as well as outpatient, principally in the side of claims.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Sure, Josh. You can think of it as in the first quarter, the costs you mentioned really were to complete the transaction we closed at the end of January. In the third quarter, what you see there is a settlement of a final shareholder appraisal rate situation, and that was the charge we put. And that would be the end to what we would expect to see on those kinds of costs.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Sure. Thanks, David. Justin, as we look at the tax, just our philosophy on pricing is essentially to price underlying cost trends, which we would view this part of so beginning in 2013 with -- for policies that overlap into 2014, we will include and reflect the industry tax in that pricing.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Sure, Kevin. It's Ralph. Just overall on pharmacy, that business is performing well. Saw primarily here in the third quarter is a mix shift to generics and lower costs in that area as well, so that's primarily what was driving our results in the third -- the favorable results in the third quarter, and as I noted in my remarks, even a little beyond what we had internally expected as they came in favorable. But regarding home delivery, maybe I'll ask David to comment on that.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Kevin, it's Ralph. Clearly, we feel great about the cash flow. And on the business and the strong return of capital we have across the different business lines, would expect to -- that to continue into next year. Our capital priorities haven't changed, as David alluded to in his remarks, principally around supporting the base operation, strategic M&A across the priority areas that he articulated. And then we'll look at share repurchase and dividend policy on a regular basis as another means of creating value.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Well, I don't think at this point we want to project where next year is going to be. But I think if you look at our track record, we've been able to bring in strong cash flow, as you saw this year and deploy it right. We'll cover that more as we talk in a few weeks at Investor Day.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: Peter, it's Ralph. Just to clarify on the medical cost trending as it relates to the second quarter and the movement from the 6% to 7% down to the 5.5% to 6%, that's really across all components, in pharmacy and other medical as well. And as I mentioned earlier, what we saw was essentially the same components move but at a lower rate of increase than what we had thought they would at the end of the second quarter. So pharmacy was a piece of it, but clearly, the other aspects of it were part of what you're seeing in the favorable medical costs in the third quarter.
Ralph J. Nicoletti: No, actually, the prior period was largely in the medical side. And the pharmacy was more, as I mentioned earlier, around the mix in generic side within the quarter.
David M. Cordani: Matthew, it's David. Consistent with prior dialogue, I would say no macro shift. So we've continued to say the pricing environment is competitive. There's always puts and takes in geographies given the breadth of our portfolio or segments, but no major shift in movement. I would add to that, that the breadth of our capabilities, our funding mechanisms, so having the full breadth from the ASO through the experience rate and in guaranteed cost capabilities helps us in environments if there are smaller flare-ups. But broadly speaking, no major change in the environment. It's still very competitive from a pricing standpoint.
David M. Cordani: Scott, just broadly speaking, I'll go at that in 2 phases. First and foremost, when something like this transpires, there's a lot of actions that are put in place to expand access to care, expand ease of access through pharmaceuticals, professional services, outpatient services, offer more coordination points, even working with the Red Cross to get the right medications to the right people the right way. So those activities, unfortunately, we're well attuned in how to manage, and that's well underway. But broadly speaking, I wouldn't expect a material effect given, again, the broad portfolio of our book of business. You might see a little dampening for a very short period of time, but we're not projecting a broad impact here at all.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Scott. A few points. As we noted in our prepared comments, for 2013, given the momentum we continue to build through '11 and '12, our broad expectations are that we will grow revenue as well as earnings. And I'd ask you to step back and think about some of our capabilities to enable us to do that in this really challenging environment, and then I'll comment on national accounts. First, our broad funding capabilities in the United States are very helpful, as employers of all sizes are looking for the most effective way to align their incentives and engage their employees. Secondly, our broad portfolio of specialty capabilities, health improvement and productivity capabilities continue to be a strong add to us. Third, we now have a very well-positioned Medicare Advantage portfolio of businesses. And fourth, our International portfolio of businesses will be extremely helpful to us as we step into 2013. As it relates to national accounts, the national account selling season, it's sufficiently complete. There's always some open switches that are in front of us. As we sit here today, we would expect for our national accounts, which we define as commercial employers with 5,000 or more employees that are multistate, so we define it more narrowly than some define it. For that marketplace, we'd expect at this point in time, overall, a good retention rate. We had an outstanding retention rate in 2012. We expect a very good retention rate in 2013. At this point in time, we see less business as having moved in either direction. So the net effect of that is we're expecting that we will keep share or maintain share in aggregate in the national segment. We view the national segment as a shrinking segment if you track the employer profile. So that's about a 2% shrinkage factor that we expect exists in the overall national account marketplace because of the employment pattern, and we expect to maintain share in that environment. The last thing I'd add is we expect to further grow revenue and further grow our specialty penetration in that portfolio based on the focus of repositioning that book of business.
David M. Cordani: Broadly speaking, yes, and again, I'd amplify with strong retention, good specialty penetration and overall revenue growth.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Josh. It's David. So let me frame that a little bit more broadly. First, by way of context, consistent with our strategy, we've been able to improve our operating expense ratio each in the last several years, both as we've grown the business, but as we've secured productivity gains. And we would expect that to continue into 2013 more broadly. In addition to that, as we referenced, we've taken a series of actions to further strengthen alignment and identify some operating efficiencies in the company. And we're going to use that, broadly speaking, as an additional pool of resources to reinvest. The $60 million after-tax is a run rate, so you should expect that to get to a run rate level as we get to 2014 because those actions will be executed throughout the course of 2013 and the latter part of 2012. Specific to the types of investments, you should think about those as continuation of things that we've been doing. So market expansion, technology and solution capabilities and brand building would be 3 types of examples of where those resources, in addition to existing resources, would be amplified to further drive our profitable growth going forward.
David M. Cordani: They're not additional charges. It is expected to cover actions that will be taken over the next several quarters.
David M. Cordani: It's David. At this point, we're not providing detailed guidance for 2013. We'll give you a little bit more insights at our Investor Day, and then when we blow out the entire segment view. But at this point in time, we have good visibility in national accounts, and that was what we sought to frame. As we step back, the comment specifically on earnings is net earnings, so operating earnings growth very specifically and separable from EPS, which we'd obviously expect contribution there. And more broadly, as we said in our prepared remarks, we expect to profitably grow our revenue yet again in 2013.
David M. Cordani: I would say nothing broadly. Again, we're not going through detailed 2013 guidance today. We'll provide you more insights at Investor Day. A little bit later decision-making cycle, but you know our business pretty well, Justin, so national accounts, good visibility today. Our regional segment, which is our largest segment, the higher end of the size of the case count, good visibility, but there's a lot of business in the 3, 4, 5, 6, 700 life account class that are still being worked today with -- we are bullish on that segment. And in the Select Segment, which is our fastest-growing segment, that selling season for 2012 ends on December 31, 2012. So we're clearly selling for 2013. Broadly speaking again, we will grow revenue. So you should expect to see growth from the franchise, but we'll provide more insights in the near future for you.
David M. Cordani: It's David. Just again to put your very important question in context, if you look back over time, the HealthSpring strategy and approach to positioning products and services forward 1 year has been to try to get that delicate balance between enhancing benefits to providing great value to the customers or beneficiaries, working in tight concert with their very innovative physician partnership relationships, and then generating a fair return from a shareholder standpoint. The result of that has been, on average, they've generated market average growth in their book of business. They've had relative stickiness with their portfolio because it hasn't undulated back and forth to large land grab movements in any way, shape or form, and that process continues as we go forward to try to get that balance. The same team that has actively managed and successfully managed the HealthSpring portfolio to-date is managing the bid process and manage it through 2013. And again, we're not providing detailed guidance, but we'd expect to grow that portfolio. As you know, that portfolio is largely individual MA, so we'd expect the average growth to be in line with the overall business. We'd expect that to have good retention, and we expect it to have a very good profitability profile at this point in time.
David M. Cordani: Sure. So 2 very important points. To date, when you bring both of the organizations together, both Cigna and HealthSpring had approximately the same size PDP books of business. Both of those books of business were largely auto sign and then web enrollment relationships that came through the CMS with some additional bolt-on activities. And our strategy to-date has not been to deviate from that. As we look to 2013, broadly speaking, we expect to keep share or have slight erosion in the PDP book of business but maintain the profitability profile that is very attractive in that book. Secondly, you're correct, the group opportunity is a prospective synergy between Cigna and HealthSpring. We indicated that, that would be a ramped opportunity as we went forward, and we did not articulate a significant step-up in 2012 or 2013. There's been some targeted market activities. There's been some demand. There's been some market-driven demand because of the attractiveness of the HealthSpring value proposition and network, and we'd expect to see some movement in that through 2013. But broadly speaking, as you think about 2013, what drives the Medicare chassis for Cigna, Cigna-HealthSpring is the individual MA book of business that has been a strong-performing, stable, high-retention and good-growth book of business, tightly aligned with the physician partnership, discipline across the PDP and then some growth opportunity in the group space, which will ramp over time with some movement in 2013.
David M. Cordani: Yes, Ana, we've not provided 2013 guidance. When we do, we will lay that out for you. But in my prior comments, I noted that we have generated, in line with our strategy, expense ratio leverage each of the last 3 years, and we'd expect to generate expense ratio leverage in 2013. But when we provide guidance, we will break that out for you as we have in the past.
David M. Cordani: Sure, Kevin. Essentially what you see, broadly speaking is a little bit of a best of both worlds, so our objective for the benefit of our customers or the beneficiaries, in this case of PDP, Medicare Advantage, et cetera, is to get the best value, and we take a total low-cost and clinical efficacy approach. PDP is notoriously low from a mail-order penetration standpoint, and you're able to get a great convenience for seniors by getting maintenance medications for a 90-day supply delivered to their home. We're at the early stages of getting some leverage there, and it's leverage of both the existing HealthSpring relationship, as well as the Cigna PBM capabilities.
David M. Cordani: Kevin, it's both meaningful on the PDP side, with what Ralph referenced in terms of both the further movement in generic, the mix in generic and therefore, the cost profile, that again, very importantly, benefits the beneficiary, as well as us. In addition, because of the ongoing strong performance of our PPACA PBM [ph] in our Commercial portfolio of business, we see continued improvement there from a pharmacy standpoint.
David M. Cordani: Christine, just taking that up. As you noted, we've had some very targeted acquisitions. I'd also note, offsetting that in a way has been our focus on additional investment within the franchise. So organically, we're making the investments to open and expand Turkey. Organically, we're making the investments to enter India effectively. So stepping back, we're very pleased with both the top line and bottom line growth of that franchise. And I think at the core of your question, is it reasonable to assume double-digit earnings growth as we look forward? We've indicated to you before, that's on our strategic horizon, and we'll provide more detail for '13 specifically, but double-digit earnings growth is a reasonable assumption for that business.
David M. Cordani: Carl, it's David. Just broadly speaking, what I would start with amplifying is that, that business we've continued to indicate is a bit of a niche business and specifically focused on a subsegment of buyers. It's performed well over time, it continues to perform well and we see it as being an important product as we look forward. Secondly, from an industry tax standpoint, it would be deemed to be more risk based than non-risk based, so it would be exposed to the tax activities. And the important part when you take it all into consideration is are we able to provide a good, highly transparent relationship with an employer, wrap the clinical programs, it is highly penetrated with our specialty capabilities and deliver a overall net cost that an employer likes. That would be, I'll call it revenue management and expense management, the benefits of an employer because of the reassuring nature of the product. So we would expect it to continue to be used on a very targeted basis going forward.
David M. Cordani: Yes, Carl, I think it's always hard when you say in an absolute sense, right? So our whole approach is, as we talk about our consultative selling, we sit with clients, we call an employer a client, and we have that broad set of capabilities. So long before the industry tax, we have environments where experience-rated employers would move to ASO or vice versa. We expect that phenomenon to continue. The important part is are we able to demonstrate good value by improving health, lowering health risks, managing total costs and clinical quality, and we think that, that will continue. So are there employers who may move from experience-rated to ASO? Sure, but that happened in the past as well, and the industry tax is just another factor that comes into the thought process.
David M. Cordani: Peter, on the second question -- it's David. Go back to the context of our business, 85% is ASO, the residual 15% is split between experience-rated and guaranteed costs. So for our ASO customers, you're reflecting a trend projection, you work with them in terms of what they would like to build into their own respective budgets. Similarly, you do the same thing from a experience-rated standpoint, agree upon a revenue stream. And lastly, for our guaranteed cost book of business, because we do not play in the under 50 market, the vast majority of our business is rated on the credibility or the experience of those cases. So point is you have more case-specific visibility of costs that you're baking into pricing. Now having said all that, to the extent our secular trend pick at a given point in time is higher than it actually turns out to be, there may be some favorable development. And if that transpires, we would talk about that quarter-to-quarter, as we have in the past. But the case-specific visibility and the, I'll call it the shared-risk visibility tends to mute that for our company.
David M. Cordani: Peter, there are some puts and takes in there. When we look at the overall book of business, that book of business has been pretty stable over I'll call it the case level performance and the average portfolio performance, and we see no meaningful change looking into 2013.
David M. Cordani: David, you're correct. To date, our focus -- your question is relative to U.S. individual and U.S. individual primary, more comprehensive insurance. Our focus to-date for the past 2.5 years or so has been to pick a limited number of markets where we have a strong value proposition and then target and test a whole variety of product offerings, distribution strategies, et cetera, so we could test and learn and be in a better position as the marketplace moves going forward. And you see the results of that coming through our overall portfolio of business. Through that process, we've tested a whole variety of distribution strategies, and we've leveraged some of our non-U.S. experience, whereas we've talked about in the past and I mentioned, we have significant experience in terms of direct-to-consumer distribution, Internet-based distribution, affinity-based distribution and the like. As it relates to exchanges, as you very well know, there's a lot of moving parts still in the marketplace relative to exchanges. We have our internal view and our posture in terms of those markets using our Go Deep strategy that are highly strategic, and we have a bias to playing in. And our priority for the organization is to get the organization ready to both comply with and play in target markets from an exchange standpoint. But we're keenly focused on the amount of moving parts that exists within the regulatory environment and within the state and federal environment over the next 2 to 3 quarters.
David M. Cordani: Absolutely. So expanding on, again, your rightful framework. I'll just pick the word you used, it's balance. The key for us in terms of executing our strategy is to make sure balancing both the near term, the intermediate term and the long term. What we're pleased with is that we've been able to deliver expense ratio improvement in each of the last years. And as we've noted, we will further improve the expense ratio looking into 2013. Above and beyond that, we were able to secure a program to identify additional efficiencies to target investments. Some of those investments will bear fruit relative to efficiencies. Some of them will be product capabilities and new solutions. And some market entrée to further accelerate. So we're seeking that right balance, and I would submit to you that our results thus far as we've executed our strategy over the last 3 years, we've delivered double-digit EPS growth, operating expense efficiency and attractive revenue growth. That's the balance we're going to seek to have as we go forward as well.
David M. Cordani: Sure. Yes, there's been some dialogue in the marketplace around private exchanges. Broadly speaking, the way we think about them is it's another distribution mechanism, and it's a different way to frame the market. It's a way to capture choice and deliver it back to an individual for the employer. We think you'll see some movement in private exchanges over time. We've been actively managing and engaging in those activities. We're actively engaged today, and we think that'll be part of the equation as you go to the future. We don't think it'll be the sole equation, but it'll be part of the equation as you go to the future. Last thing I would add to it is going back to our non-U.S. experience, we have meaningful experience outside the U.S., where we now have over 10 million individual supplemental policies in force, including our joint venture in China. And we have significant experience working with affinity partners, working with electronic distribution, working with choice. And some of those, both marketing and distribution capabilities, will serve us well here in the United States as it relates to public exchange, private exchange or direct individual distribution. So it's a part of the equation going forward. We're actively engaged in it today. And we're going to leverage some of our non-U.S. capabilities to play there.
David M. Cordani: Ralph, broadly speaking, no directional change to our thought process around the PBM, so let me make sure I rearticulate what it is. Our PBM has been a strong performing asset for the corporation and for the benefit of our clients and customers. Our recent results yet reinforce that. It's a growing asset. It's contributing nicely. And when you think about pharmaceuticals as the #1 gap in care in America, it's an important clinical quality and service enhancer for our customers and clients. Having said that, once we're able to secure the acquisition of HealthSpring, it was acutely obvious that they can aggregate pharmacy capabilities of the company were going to grow. And therefore, we needed to make a conscious decision of how we wanted to grow that, and we've been very clear that we are thoughtful around making sure that we properly think through all scenarios that are in front of us relative to how we'll manage the PBM capabilities for Cigna, as well as for HealthSpring, which is now part of Cigna. The final note I would make is we understand that PBM is made up of a bunch of different parts: mail-order, retail, formulary management, et cetera, and we have a keen understanding of all those parts. The good news is we have a high-performing asset. It's a growing asset, and we have a large growing asset within HealthSpring, both of which have an opportunity to create a lot of value for both our customers and shareholders going forward.
David M. Cordani: Sarah, it's David. An important topic and pretty rapidly evolving space, as we noted in prepared remarks, before we get to HealthSpring within Cigna, we now have 42 Collaborative Accountable Care organizations, which is our approach to alignment up and running for the benefit of our commercial customers. Within that portfolio, which started back in 2008, we see some meaningful improvement in both service and clinical quality, as well as some cost improvement for the benefit of our clients and customers. You're right to note that HealthSpring has well in excess of a decade of great experience around physician partnership. That's been a net beneficiary to the Medicare Advantage population that they serve today, serve very well and has continued to grow over time. As we look to the future, as we noted in our prepared remarks, partnering with physicians is a key part of the equation. It's a key part of the equation because it's the means in which you improve clinical quality, and you take relative costs out of the system and deliver more value. We're passionately committed to this, and we've seen enough proof points both through the HealthSpring model, as well as our model, to indicate that there is significant opportunity going forward. Lastly, I would say from a Cigna result standpoint, we're just at the early, early, early stages of seeing some of that come through, which is why this is so exciting as an opportunity to further generate quality and cost improvements that then convert over to benefit for our clients and customers. So more to follow on this.
David M. Cordani: Yes, Sarah, for Cigna, so if I come back to the commercial population, if I take an individual client experience that has a lot of concentration in the Collaborative Accountable Care, you see some phenomenal results in clinical quality service results and overall cost trends. So you could see low single digits. You could see zeros in terms of cost trends when you take a well-designed benefit structure along with the Collaborative Accountable Care. The size of the coverage of our 12.5 million lives versus the number of lives that are going through these programs today tell you that it's muted in the averages that we talk about. But our approach in Go Deep is localized, so in those local geographies where those programs are running and with those employers that have high concentration, the results are outstanding, and we would expect to see more and more momentum. But to date, the aggregate numbers that Ralph walked through have a modest, modest, modest contribution because it's still a small part of the overall average. That's why we're excited about the future.
David M. Cordani: Thank you. In closing, I want to emphasize just a few key points from today's discussion. We delivered attractive revenue growth in each of our ongoing businesses and exceeded earnings expectations; our customer base grew, demonstrating the unique value we offer and our ability to retain and expand and acquire new clients and customers in our targeted segments; we continue to increase our strategic investments in targeted markets and customer segments while strengthening the value we offer customers and clients by further developing our differentiated capabilities in customer centricity, physician engagement and consultative distribution; and based on our third quarter results and momentum we've gained through the first 9 months of 2012, we're once again increasing our full year outlook for both earnings and capital available for deployment. We thank you for joining us on our call today, and we look forward to our future discussions.
