Brian Evanko: Good morning A.J. It’s Brian. So, a few different questions in there. I'll try to give you the overall picture. So, as I said my prepared comments there, we now anticipate about a $2.50 earnings per share headwind in 2021 associated with COVID and of that approximately 80% impacts to medical care ratio, and approximately 20% is related to enrollment levels being depressed here in 2021. Focusing on the $2 per share COVID-related headwind, that's impacting the medical care ratio, there's a few components underlying that. So, one would be the impact of Medicare Advantage risk adjuster revenue headwinds here in 2021. The other component of it is the level of total cost of care that we're experiencing in 2021 compared to our prior expectations, which includes both COVID direct costs. And it also includes non-COVID costs that returned earlier than we anticipated during the year here. And so, I wouldn't necessarily parse the two-thirds, one-third, the way that you did, but rather look at the total cost picture, be more elevated in comparison to what we had previously expected. COVID costs were highest for us in the first quarter. Within the second quarter, they were higher in April than they were in May and June. And we expect for the balance of the year that COVID costs will run at a lower level than they did in the first half of the year. So, that's what's embedded in our outlook. And as I said, the non-COVID utilization, we're anticipating to run at approximately baseline levels for the back half of the year. That plus the COVID costs we expect to incur leads us to all-in cost levels at slightly above our baseline for the back half of 2021. As it relates to what we expect to unwind heading into 2022, again, if you parse apart the components of that $2 I was just making reference to, the Medicare Advantage risk adjuster headwind, we expect to fully recover in 2022. So, between our bid strategies and the operational activities we're seeing, we have a full confidence that we'll fully recover that component. The components related to total cost of care, we expect to recover a portion of that in 2022. And so, a portion of that will come through pricing actions. A portion of that will come through clinical management activities and a portion of that we expect to be a little bit of natural abatement in aggravated costs between 2021 and 2022. So, we're currently estimating that about half of that $2 per share headwind will come back in 2022 in the form of incremental earnings. So, think about $1 of the $2.50 EPS headwind returning into the P&L in 2002.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Justin. This is Brian. I'll start and then David to pile on here. So, on the first part of your question there, if I misspoke, I apologize. For the second quarter our non-COVID utilization or commercial was essentially at baseline, that plus the direct COVID-19 related costs we incurred put the total cost picture above baseline, but the non-COVID utilization was at baseline. For the back half of the year within our commercial business, we're expecting that non-COVID utilization will continue to run at baseline and we will incur direct COVID-19 related costs, but at a lower level than what we saw in the first half of the year. So, hopefully that clarifies a bit the commentary around commercial and the assumptions on the back half. Relative to the non-recurring items that you asked about, you can think about those as largely being SG&A oriented, with the bulk of it being associated with litigation from prior years where we had some favorable developments in the quarter, that allowed us to recognize some gains there. So, boxing that just directionally, you should think of it as about $150 million after tax. So think of it in the range of $0.45, $0.50 earnings per share in terms of the favorable benefit that we've seen here in 2021. David, you want to clarify on the 2022 commentary.
Brian Evanko: Sure. Morning, Lisa. So, in the second quarter, we fulfilled 9 million of vaccine related scripts. So, out of the 410 million adjusted scripts that we fulfilled in the quarter, about 9 million of those were associated with a vaccine, obviously that's not something to run rate, given we would not expect that level to persist for the balance of the year, but 2%, 3% of the total script volume.
Brian Evanko: Yeah. Sure, David and good morning, Steve. So, just to reiterate David's point, surgeries in particular were a hotspot for us, both in terms of inpatient, outpatient activity in the quarter. We also saw overall outpatient and professional utilization pick up pretty meaningfully in the quarter. Emergency room utilization, radiology remained below baseline in the quarter and kind of within these different categories, there was also some state of service shift, which is a good thing over time. We saw inpatient shift outpatient, particularly for some lower acuity procedures. And we saw some of the emergency room utilization shift, urgent care centers and physician offices, which we view as a good thing from the standpoint of optimizing, like to care. On your point about behavioral health, a metric that I'll share with you just relative to prior to the pandemic. Within our U.S. Commercial book, in 2019 about 8% of our customers were utilizing behavioral health services. And as you know, we have an industry-leading capability in this space. This year, that number is going to be up almost 40%. So, we're going to have nearly 11% of our customers this year, utilizing behavioral health services, which we think is a good thing for the long-term. It's putting a little bit of pressure on the P&L this year, but we believe it's a good thing for the long-term, and our recent acquisition of MDLIVE offers us the opportunity to further synergize that given the demand for virtual behavioral health has grown meaningfully over the course of the pandemic.
Brian Evanko: Sure. Morning, Scott. So, relative to the revenue outlook, obviously we're very pleased with the aggregate growth for the company this year. Of the $4 billion, you should think of the lion's share of that being driven by Evernorth. So think of it as roughly 75-25 with the other segments and in totality Evernorth is on track for a year where both revenue and earnings will grow above well -- above our long-term average annual expectation 4% to 6%. So, we're really pleased with the performance of that business.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Josh. This is Brian. So, a few different components there, the question. Big picture compared to our expectations, I would encourage you to think about the three books of business, meaning the commercial risk, the individual exchange, and the Medicare Advantage, as all being approximately off by the same amount compared to our expectations in terms of total claim costs. So, I'd start there in terms of, we are not seeing one being really disproportionately impacted relative to our prior expectations. They're all off by, call it, that 200 basis points or so that changed in our MCR guide. The Medicare Advantage business though in 2021 is further weighed down by the risk adjustment revenue headwinds. So, you should view the margins on the Medicare Advantage business as being particularly low relative to what our long-term expectations are. And as we step into 2022, we would expect margin expansion on each of those books of business off of what we're experiencing here in 2021. As it relates to the risk adjuster headwind, that's a component of the $2 per share headwind. We haven't specifically sized that. It's certainly a less than half of that. I would note, we recently received our mid-year settlement from CMS, which was favorable to our expectations, which gives us a further confidence in our ability to fully recover that headwind in 2022.
Brian Evanko: Sure. Good morning. Our longer term targets are consistent, and we remain committed to them. And to remind everybody, it’s our attractive revenue growth rate of 6% to 8%, our EPS growth rate of 10% to 13% with the dividend above and beyond that. And our outlook of operating cash flow generation from current year to 2025 of approximately $50 billion. Those numbers are on average over a prolonged period of time. And as we've identified at Investor Day as well, as you look back over the last decade, we have a track record of delivering against those targets and objectives.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Ricky. It’s Brian. I’ll take the acuity portion of the question and David to tackle the government component. So, big picture, we’re not yet seeing signs of any meaningfully higher acuity amongst our customer base. Part of that due to the focus we’ve had on preventive care, as you indicated in your question, as well as appropriate behavioral health utilization as we talked about earlier. There are a variety of metrics that we use to track this. And just one really specific one I’ll give you, we track within our commercial book of business when we have new cancer diagnosis, how many of them are at a metastatic stage when they’re first diagnosed. And so, prior to the pandemic, if you look at the top five cancer types, we saw 38% to 39% of these in a metastatic stage when they presented to us. In 2021, we’re in that same range, 38% to 39%. So, that’s an indicator that we track one of many that suggests we do not yet have those signs of acuity spikes. And as I said earlier, we’re also seeing a site of service shifts in the book of business, which is a mitigant over time to the potential for a QE coming back into the book. David, maybe you want to talk a little bit about the government part of the question.
Brian Evanko: Good morning, Steve. It’s Brian. So, I would encourage you to think of the year in two halves, one half and two half. So, the first half, we ran at 83.6% MCR, and we’re modeling the back half to perform at approximately that same level if you use the mid-point of our guidance. So, rather than looking at quarter-by-quarter, because there’s quite a bit of variability that’s transpired in the different months. But big picture, the first half of the year, we ran a few points above baseline in total when you combine the effect of COVID and non-COVID utilization together. For the back half of the year, we’re projecting to run slightly above the baseline in totality and that’s comprised of non-COVID utilization running approximately at baseline, plus COVID utilization on top of that. To your question on how does that pattern relative to what we saw in the first half? You should think of the direct COVID-19 related costs as being the highest in the first quarter, lower in the second quarter and we’re modeling slightly lower than that for the back half of the year on direct COVID-19 related costs. So, those pieces get you to that overall expectation of slightly above baseline for the back half of the year, and that essentially offsets the seasonality we would typically see in the MCR pattern for our book of business.
David Cordani: Ralph, good morning. It's David. So, as we think about 2022, clearly, early to give you a detailed guidance, but let me try to walk through the moving parts as we think about 2022. Underlying our outlook will be strong base earnings growth, contributions from ongoing capital deployment, and the recovery of some of the headwind that Brian articulated. There'll be an offset to that. Partially offsetting that will be, the lack of some of the non-run-ratable items we're realizing in our 2021, at least $20.20 EPS outlook. So when you take it all together, we expect 2022 will be another strong year for us. As relates to growth rates, the way I ask you to think about that is, first off, I take at least $20.20. When we adjust that for the non-renewable items, we would expect to grow at the high-end of our 10% to 13% range. Another way of thinking about it, if you take at least $20.20 outlook for 2020, we would expect to grow at least 10% on that. So, a net new item, that was the non-run-ratable items that we'll have in 2022, but an attractive growth rate on either parameter, as we expect to have another strong year for 2022.
David Cordani: Matthew, good morning. It's David. From the individual business portfolio, as you know, we've been active in that marketplace since its inception. And after a few years of test and learn and the marketplace stabilizing itself, we sought and began to more systematically expand our growth and that carries into the current year. As relates to the performance in the current year, we have some attractive growth in that business, both underlying fundamental growth, as well as growth contribution from the SEP period. And as it relates to the core of your question on performance, I'd asked you to think about the underlying -- what we're seeing the underlying performance of that book of business is similar to the trends and impact that Brian articulated before. So, we see an uptick in utilization within that book of business, more approximating from a non-COVID standpoint, baseline activity with some additional utilization on the COVID side of the equation. And lastly, our early look at the SEP, special enrollment period, additional lives, those lives are performing similar to other special enrollment period lives we've observed before. So, some of the MLR that we're seeing across our broader portfolio is showing through in the individual business, but not up proportion in either way from the overall behavior of that book.
David Cordani: Sure. So, Justin, crosswalk again. First from prior dialogue, as you recall, we would have talked about base earnings, capital deployment, and a recovery of COVID headwind as contributor to our 2022 expectations for ourselves. And that remains, the base performance, the capital deployment and recovery of COVID headwind. As Brian articulated with the COVID headwind, that opportunity is a little greater now for 2022 than it was a quarter of ago from that perspective. The net new item is what Brian walked through, which are the non-reoccurring items. And he gave you approximate order of magnitude. So, again, to repeat to the specific part of your question, we believe today, if you take the at least $20.20 that we will deliver for this year, our growth rate will be at least 10%. We believe if you take the -- at least $20.20 and adjusted for those non-reoccurring items, that we referenced -- that Brian just referenced, the growth rate will approximate 13% or so. So, those are the moving parts relative to our expectations for 2022 on either convention another year for strong, attractive balance performance.
David Cordani: No. It includes, Justin, the dollar. So, let's come back -- and previously we would have talked about baseline earnings, capital deployment and the recovery of the headwind. That's what took us to the high-end of the range versus within the range. It currently -- the expectation includes that, but the dollar is somewhat offset by the lack of the non-run-ratable items next year. So, on an all-in basis, we'll grow in the 10% to 13% range, depending on the convention you use, either the $20.20, we will grow at least 10% all-in, or if you look at it, excluding the non-recurring items, that Brian just articulated, about $0.50 we will grow at about 13% all-in.
David Cordani: Good morning, Lisa. I'll talk about the growth outlook in the environment and then I'll ask Brian to come back in and talk about the script count, specifically the vaccine. First, we're very pleased with the performance of the Evernorth portfolio. The durable nature of that and an environment of disruption provides some diversification within the portfolio and the service delivery for our clients, health plan clients, corporate clients, government clients remains quite strong. As it relates to the underlying growth rate, our growth in 2021 outstanding for that portfolio and we'll continue to see expected growth for 2022. As we discussed previously, we've known for some time that we have lack of renewal of two health plan clients. So, we knew that, and even with that, we will grow again in 2022 at an attractive rate. We also recognize that given our strong performance, we've been able to maintain appropriate pricing discipline, as we looked at the 2022 environment. So, take it as a whole, an active dynamic year for 2022. We'd expect another strong year of retention, even acknowledging those health plan clients in the mid-90s. And we would expect strong underlying growth of the Evernorth portfolio. Brian, I'll ask you to talk about the vaccine volumes within our scripts for the quarter.
David Cordani: Good morning. It's David. Let me provide a little overview and I'll ask Brian to provide some specifics of what we're seeing in terms of some of the specific categories of utilization. You did call out an important category we've unequivocally seen, and I noted in my prepared comments, the mental health or behavioral and substance abuse category is growing. We see more individuals needing and utilizing those services, and appropriately needing and utilizing those services given the environment and our portfolio is really well-positioned to provide that level of support necessary. And we believe that it's not only appropriate required. It will provide some intermediate and long-term benefit to those individuals, obviously to clients, as well as to ourselves on a sustainable basis. Beyond that, we've seen an uptick in -- from prior levels and uptick in both inpatient and outpatient surgeries in the non-COVID category. And as Brian articulated, that categories more broadly approximated baseline levels, and we've assumed that we'll remain at that for the second half of the year. I'll ask Brian to give you a little bit more color in terms of some of the insights we're seeing in terms of the more detailed utilization patterns.
David Cordani: Good morning, Scott. It's David. Let me speak to the headwind and I'll Brian speak to the revenue raise. If I understand your question correctly, you're coming out the portion of the headwind that is non-MCR related. And broadly, we see the impact of the pandemic on employment levels within the commercial population broadly. We had previously called that out as a headwind. We previously called that as a headwind that we believed would return as a favorable tailwind over time. We're taking the posture right now that given the current employment environment, that headwind will more likely persist or set otherwise that's the baseline with which to grow off of. We'll continue to grow no doubt, but that's the baseline to grow off of as we observed the marketplace and the overall employment levels beginning to move forward, but more slowly than anticipated in a variety of sectors. So, view it as disenrollment and/or aggregate employment levels, and the requisite level of changing those employment levels, having and flowing at a slower rate, given the prolonged pandemic. I'll let Brian speak a bit more towards the $4 billion revenue raise.
David Cordani: Yeah. Good morning, Kevin. The only item I would add is, as we think about our book of business, approximately two-thirds of our risk business is yet to be priced for 2022. So, as you know, it's not all -- that portfolio of our business is not all one, one or front end loaded from that standpoint. So, we have the opportunity be appropriately responsive as the marketplace changes, but the underlying assumptions that Brian articulated in the medical cost pattern are the most important part of it.
David Cordani: Sure. The underlying question comes back to, as Brian broke up -- broke out the portions of it. We essentially are looking at an environment in the second half of the year where the medical cost environment will be slightly above baseline. And the pieces of that are that the non-COVID or the -- call, traditional parts of medical costs approximately baseline in the commercial portfolio and above and beyond that there's some additional load for COVID. So, one would have to believe that either A, the non-COVID costs are going to run above baseline for some reason that they haven't to date when we look at the way we built up the policy for baseline and/or that the additional COVID costs that we're saying are additive to that, will be materially greater, right? So, we acknowledge it's the fluid environment beyond a shadow of a doubt, but we believe that the estimate we've made for the step-up in aggregate for the rest of the year to run slightly above baseline, is an appropriate assessment based upon the pattern we saw in the end of the first quarter and the way in which the second quarter was evolved and developed and as I noted that we have about two-thirds of the risk business yet to be priced for 2022.
David Cordani: Lance, good morning. It’s David. Appreciate the forward-looking orientation relative to that. To answer your question, we got a ground back into our portfolio. The three platforms we have, which we feel very positively about, the services based platform within Evernorth, the U.S. Medical platform, both Commercial and Government, and then our International platform. We see attractive growth opportunities organically and inorganically in all three as we look to the future. Specifically, you start -- your real thoughtful question in terms of kind of apportionment five years out. We don’t have a rigid target five years out that we want X percent in category A or Y percent in category Z. But however, we do see an environment where the services portion of our portfolio will continue to grow at an accelerated rate. We see the right to win, the ability to create value and our strategic position there for the multiple client segments we’re able to serve there as being quite attractive, and you should expect this to continue to grow our pharmacy, our care, our benefits and our intelligence capability to be able to bring to bear against that. Secondly, we’ve continued to call out U.S. Government as an attractive growth segment and that will transpire both organically and inorganically, as opportunities present themselves. And thirdly, we continue to see targeted opportunities in our International portfolio as attractive growth opportunities. On a final note, you articulated examples of home care, otherwise, et cetera, I won’t call out any one precise example. But I’ll step back and remind you, as we’ve talked about it, we see what we call alternative sites of care. So, virtual -- longitudinal virtual, polychronic, home care, coordinated home care as attractive additional growth opportunities within our service portfolio, and we continue to extend ourselves and expand ourselves within that space. So, multiple strategic alternatives. Second, strong platforms to build off of. Third, the capital flexibility to be able to grow in multiple attractive markets that you appropriately called out. Thanks.
David Cordani: Sure, Ricky. Good morning. The short answer is we see expansion opportunities in both the U.S. Medical side of the equation, as well as in the Evernorth services side. So, more specifically, within the U.S. Medical portfolio organically, we see and are continuing to deliver and pursue additional growth opportunities for both our Medicare Advantage portfolio in existing geographies as well as, as we’ve discussed before, our continued expansion of those geographies and leveraging our broader product portfolio and platform, as well as in our exchange portfolio as we continue to expand our individual exchange portfolio, which we view as more government business versus not. On the services side, you referenced pharmacy unequivocally, but expanded beyond pharmacy to care and benefit management services, as well as intelligent services. For example, as we look to continue to serve our expanding portfolio of health plan clients, they have diverse portfolios that they serve, commercial obviously, Medicare, Medicaid, exchange and otherwise. That’s an important part of our growth chassis as we go forward with dedicated resources. And then ultimately, direct to government contractor relationships as well. So, we see attractive growth opportunities in the government space, both off of the health plan side of the business in the Cigna medical portfolio, as well as in the services side of the business through Evernorth.
David Cordani: Sure. Good morning, John. It’s David. I'll start relative to your question. And I appreciate the tone, but candidly, I don’t feel beaten up. These are dynamic and challenging times. And we’re proud of the fact that our portfolio, our diverse portfolio can perform in this environment and importantly, deliver for our clients, our customers and patients, while we deliver our responsibilities from a shareholder perspective. But I appreciate the tone of your question. Now, specifically, as you go back in time, when we brought this portfolio together in terms of the companies, we viewed obviously that we had an opportunity to bring in a leading PBM portfolio of services, but it was broader than that. Secondly, we viewed, as we talk about now, that pharmacological innovation was a big part of the future of healthcare. And the acceleration of innovation is what we’re seeing today through a whole variety of things, gene therapy, specialty, medications evolving, biosimilars, et cetera. And hence, if you’re going to be helping individuals with their overall healthcare needs, being a leader in pharmacy services is mission-critical. We also saw the opportunity to expand that portfolio through a broader services platform, which we did through Evernorth, and then continue to feed that broader services platform for health plan clients, for corporate clients, for our government clients, et cetera. And as we’ve noted -- both Brian and I have noted, we’re very pleased with the performance within the portfolio and the service we’re delivering. And importantly, we continue to invest in that portfolio at an accelerating rate relative to expanding products, services, capabilities, as well as our reach. Now as it relates to the profit model, the primary mechanisms would articulate for you to think about is back to the time you referenced, we acknowledge that the financing models were going to change, and we didn’t resist that. We offer choice. We offer choice in terms of how purchasers or clients want to finance their offering. And we’ve evolved, for example, with a higher percentage of pass-through arrangements for clients in the PBM services from well less than 50% to 50% to well greater than 50% over three cycles. And we’ve been able to evolve our service based capabilities and our value creation capabilities for the benefit of clients. Secondly, we continue to press for more aligned relationships with pharmaceutical manufacturers on the clinical outcomes, not just the consumptions. We know that broadly in the industry is value based programs, but think about them as aligned programs. And then lastly, as the biosimilars start to evolve at a more rapid rate, the positioning of our company to have the clinical depth, the coordination of clinical services, the manufacturer relationships and importantly, the medical physician relationships are mission-critical. And as I use the Remicade example, all those come to bear, because it’s a patient-by-patient decision made with a practicing physician relative to the choices and alternatives. So, again, I appreciate your question. We’re pleased with the performance, but maybe even more importantly than that underlying your question, we’re delighted with the strategic position that the platform gives us right now to continue to drive growth and create value going forward.
David Cordani: Dave, good morning. So, again, it’s early for the detailed 2022 guidance, but taking the spirit of your question, it ultimately is going to come down to two things. Rate and pace of evolution of the cost environment -- medical cost environment, and rate and pace of our investment portfolio decisions within the organization positioning us for the future. We have a track record of sustained investment in the organization for long-term growth. We have -- as Brian articulated earlier, we have multiple growth and profit levers, and we’ll seek to make trade-offs within that and ensure that we seek to deliver an attractive, sustainable result. So, I think those are the two major points I’d ask you to think about. I talked about the growth rate in framework of at least. So, we weren’t providing guidance to pencil a number rather how we’re thinking about the growth platforms and trajectory. And there’s nothing in our underlying business portfolio today. I’ll leave you with, there’s nothing in our underlying business portfolio today that suggests that the organic underlying growth of our earnings will be demonstrably different unless we determine we’re going to make a trade-off in terms of rate and pace of investment within the portfolio or there’s an exogenous impact for the industry on the cost side of the equation. We’re just trying to frame the at least growth rates off of what we know now mid-year.
David Cordani: Sure. I’ll be brief. I want to thank everybody for joining our call. And I just want to reinforce two points. First, I'm appreciative and proud of our more than 70,000 coworkers and their dedication to working to change our customers' lives for the better every day. They continue to rise to the challenges in the moment by helping our clients, our customers, our patients, working with our partners and in our communities to drive positive change. And second, we continue to demonstrate the resiliency of our business and our well-positioned three portfolios, and the strength of our strategic framework, given our results and our outlook. With that, I ask you to have a good day, and we look forward to our future conversations. Thank you.
