Padraig McDonnell: When I joined you last quarter as CEO-elect, I said Agilent has a compelling story to tell, and I was excited by the possibilities that lie before us as we help our customers bring great science to life. That excitement has only grown. I spent 26 years at Agilent, first starting as a field employee before moving to sales and then leading some of our businesses. I know Agilent's strengths and its opportunities very well. We are in great long-term growth markets. And while the markets are recovering slower than anticipated, they are recovering. This company is a leader across key platforms, making us uniquely qualified to support our customers and their missions to solve some of the world's most important problems. And our customers value their relationships with us because we offer them an unparalleled experience. And as I said earlier, that is a competitive differentiator in the market. The actions we are now taking, while difficult, will enable us to quickly capitalize on growth opportunities as the markets fully recover. I know the future is bright, and we will forge an enduring company that sets the standard for excellence with our customers and create value for our shareholders. Thank you again for joining today's call. I look forward to continued dialogue with all of you. Parmeet, over to you for Q&A.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. Thanks, Matt. I think while Q2 was relatively soft to guidance, we adjusted the H2 outlook, what we're seeing in China is we saw a -- stability over a number of quarters. What we really believe is that this is not a material deterioration from that. But what we've seen is that we've seen the stimulus have some effect and the stimulus has been much larger than previous stimulus. It's over multi-years. And of course, customers are looking about what are the components of that and they're looking at some of the areas and where it's going to help them. So that has had a material effect. We don't see the stimulus having an impact in H2, but we do think it's going to have an impact in '25. I think there's kind of a direct and indirect side of the stimulus. I think on the direct side, you see this delay, which is normal, but you see also the indirect side where, the government is investing in technology and sciences going forward, which creates a lot of, I would say, future momentum.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. I mean the NASD business, we talked before about the business being about 50% commercial and 50% clinical that's changed a bit to be more like 75% clinical and 25% commercial. We've seen the IRA inflation Reduction Act having an impact on the price provisioning. So, what you see with Pharma partners, they are looking for larger indications instead of smaller indications. So, what we've seen is, I would call it, an air pocket in Q3. And our clinical business is actually growing. Orders are growing about 50%. So, we're -- we have a good order book on that side. So, it's a readjustment and we see that readjustment go through H2 and beyond. I don't know if you want to add anything to that, Bob.
Padraig McDonnell: Second question, I think the second part of the question was about '25. We'll grow next year. And as you can see in our guidance that we really are anticipating improving conditions across the second half, but it's too early to talk about specific ranges for next year. We want to wait to see how pacing an improvement plans out in the second half.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. Yes. No, I think at an at level, as we talked about, our book-to-bill was greater than one, which is a positive sign and where orders grew year-over-year. On the instrument side, the orders grew low single digits, excluding China, but declined low single digits overall. So, what we're really seeing is that our funnel is really stable, but we're seeing those extended purchasing decisions being continuing to extend out through the second half.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. No, absolutely not. I think despite some near-term headwinds that we have, the medium, long-term story for NSAD is really holds firm. And as I said before, we're seeing our clinical business grow more than 50% this year, and we really remain excited about the expansion of customers. And getting back to the therapeutic class that we're involved in with siRNAs drugs, we're seeing those approvals for drugs increase substantially in 2023. And being an integral part of the manufacturers of several of these on market therapeutics, the future is extremely bright in this area. So, no change in our capital investment.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. I mean on the Pharma instrumentation side, in terms of guidance, we see an impact of about $175 million and it really simply Pharma's willingness to spend in capital equipment remains challenged over time. And again, customers are focusing on lab efficiency and productivity. But based on what we're hearing from customers, these trends will continue to impact the second half. And that's why we're lowering our expectations around that instrument piece. What I will say that the formulas are holding very strong. The conversations are very robust with customers, so we do expect it to improve going into next year.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. Yes, look, when we look across our Pharma customers, we see generally, it's across the board. We do have some customers that are a little bit more positive than negative this year. But overall, I would say it's a market effect. What I would say -- on the other question, this is definitely a macro story, not a market share story. And in fact, when we look at our objective market share data, we're holding or even gaining in some areas. And I will remind you not to comment on our peers in this area, but we have a month ahead in what we're seeing on it, but we're seeing very robust market share numbers coming in.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. Look, I think having worked with China for many years. It's a multiyear program as opposed to the last one, which I think was a year program in the shorter term. So, it's very encouraging to see it. We've seen some proposals from customers, but they're still, quite frankly, trying to work out what are the mechanisms for the funding as we go forward. So, we're seeing a lot of activity around that. And I would say in terms of the confidence boost, we do really see that in '25, we're going to get some benefit from this, but really too early to tell on it. So, we're taking down our guidance in the second half primarily related to this.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes, no doubt about it. We've -- tremendous growth rates during the post-COVID period. But we don't see anything fundamentally changing with the cycle on instrument replacement cycles. We don't see it's a kind of a rundown of available instruments or anything like that because lab activity is very, very high. We see that across the board. We actually see activity on the sales side, but also on the support side, very, very high. So we think it's primarily actually on the macro situation.
Padraig McDonnell: In fact, Bob, I would say our scale and service there really makes it a differentiator where we can scale with customers and get them up and running very, very quickly. We take the competition very seriously. But we've always had competition in China, and we continue to keep a focus on that.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. Look at it, I think it's hard to put a number on the extended deal time. It depends actually on the platform and portfolio. So, there's quite a big difference between, for example, GC and LCMS on that. But what I would say, in general, the deal time is prolonged. The win rates, of course, haven't changed. They're still very, very strong, but that deal time is prolonged. And I think if you look at it in the second half when we're looking at the visibility of what we're seeing in the funnel, the best thing and we're doing is staying close to customers on this one, making sure we're there to help them, of course, with their decisions and help them get up and running when they make the decision to purchase on it. So, we're going to see this continued extended deal time, I think, through the end -- through the second half.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. I think just to close off, Bob, I think the deal closure time lines remain at an elevated but very stable level. They're not deteriorating further, which I think is a really good sign. And in terms of the funnel is stable, no cancellations within that, which, of course, is very important to see.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes, I would say it's a continuing evolving conversation. Clearly, on the NASD side, we've seen an impact from the IRA something we're watching closely, but I think this will evolve over time. What we're seeing in terms of programs-based around pricing provisions, there definitely has been an impact on that side.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. Maybe starting on the stimulus. This is an extremely large program, a multiyear program. It's very real. We've seen some of the customers with activity is asking us to bid and some of the things, even though they're not sure exactly yet how the mechanisms would work. So that gives us great confidence for '25 just from that. But I said earlier, also the indirect impact of confidence in science and technology in China. It's a real photo confidence by the government in making sure we -- making sure to get the market going again. So, I think in -- we saw meaningful softness extend to all markets because remember, the stimulus is not only academia and government, it's across all markets. And that has really come at once. And we did see at the end of the quarter, we also started to see customers postpone purchasing decisions have told us, right, sort of said we're going to postpone and they try to gauge if there's any benefit of the stimulus-related funding, and that's normal. I think that's expected. If you didn't see that, then the stimulus would have different questions. And why we believe that a stimulus program will ultimately be long-term positive, we really don't see any benefit in H2, and that's why we're roughly reducing by $70 million.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. What we're seeing is a postponement, and I think it's really too early to tell on the funnel side on -- if the customers are still working out the mechanisms about how it works, we're still waiting to see on the impact on the panel, particularly for '25, it's too early to tell.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes, I would say before we get on to the long term, Bob, for Biopharma, really tough compare was mid-teens, plus mid-teens last year on that side. But what we're seeing is the long-term prospect for this market is very strong.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. Well, I think there's long memories. So, people don't forget the elevated pricing for assets, but we're going to remain very disciplined. It's going to become an increasingly bigger part of the puzzle for us M&A, but we're going to make sure that we do it in a very disciplined way, link to strategy and of course, looking at areas of where we can double down and growth factors. So we're very focused on that going forward. But I would say, while pricing maybe has come down in little areas across the board, people have long memories.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I think, Matt, as you said, we're still expecting improvement in the back half of this year, just not at the pace that we had expected. And so, we're not seeing any material extension of kind of the use case for LC or an LC/MS in the marketplace and are still expecting recovery in '25.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I think Jack to add some numbers to what Padraig was saying here. Originally, we were expecting it to be roughly flat, which would have said roughly a $350 million business. We're now seeing roughly $300 million this year. As Padraig is mentioning, we're expecting to build back from there as these clinical programs move through the clinical pathway and are expecting to have more volume in '25. And I would say our long-term perspective on NASD remains unchanged. We're still very excited about that opportunity and are still building out the capacity in our Colorado site.
Bob McMahon: Yes, it is incremental to the savings that we've already built into the plan, and we're expecting to get that annualized savings by the end of the year. It's primarily headcount-related, Jack.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I think, Patrick, to build on what Padraig is saying at the beginning of the year, we were expecting when we were talking primarily to our Pharma customers, budgets weren't being materially cut outside of a specific number of well-publicized customers. And we were expecting to see by our second quarter, some of these budgets being released. And what we're seeing now is still a very cautious environment. And so, the funnel is still there. We are seeing our book-to-bill as Padraig mentioned, to be greater than one. We just haven't seen that inflection, which we would have expected to see at least in our order book. One of the things that we do see and it primarily happened late in the quarter is our teams are paid on first half versus second half quota. And so, our April numbers are usually quite large, which prepares us for the -- for Q3 and we just didn't see that inflection in late April, which we normally would see.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Patrick, just one other thing to add on to that as I'm sure you're aware, as part of that expansion, not only are we expanding capacity, we're also expanding our therapeutic options. So, not only siRNA but also anti-sense and also CRISPR opportunity. So, it also provides us with more capabilities to support our existing and new client base.
Bob McMahon: Vijay, to build on what Padraig is saying, the guidance that we're building out right now is based on what we're seeing today. It doesn't assume any meaningful inflection. That certainly -- I'd characterize this as a prudent guide given what we know today. Certainly, we're not assuming any of that inflection. You bring up a number of variables, which are hard to quantify around the upcoming election and so forth. But we don't think it's a funding issue. We do feel like we are seeing biotech funding coming up. Obviously, on the Small Molecule side, those are they're well-capitalized companies. It's just a very -- it's still cautious in terms of them getting through their approval processes.
Bob McMahon: Dan, this is Bob. To build on that, I had mentioned in our prepared remarks that bid activity has actually improved. And so, we're seeing a number of proposals working with our customers to actually get a piece of the stimulus. What's not yet clear is the timing of the release of that budget comes from the provincial -- or from the state down to the provincial and then to the local government. And so, we've taken a, what I would say, is a conservative approach to assuming none of that stimulus money will actually -- we'll see any of that in the second half of the year. But it will come, it will come. And so -- if it comes earlier, that would be a benefit to what we're forecasting right now. But we're -- what we did see, particularly in April is a little slowing down of normal bid process waiting to get access to that money. And so, we think that, that's just a transitory change, not a structural change.
Bob McMahon: Yes. And Dan, just to kind of build on what Padraig had said. We looked at ACG and our CSD or our consumables business outside of China, both of those grew mid- to high single digits in the quarter. So, it does speak to lab activity. They're not having instruments just sitting idle. And in ACG, our contracted services business continues to perform extraordinarily well, up double digits. So, the demand is there outside of China right now.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I would say just a building on that point on our questions around CDMO, most of our business in China is local. So, it's not multinational and so wouldn't necessarily fall under the BIOSECURE Act. There are certain large companies that are on that list that are customers of ours, but that is that business has been pretty muted for a while, and that's not the cause of the incremental weakness here. I would say on the bid activity, it's about -- it's across the board. It's not in one region of the country or one end market or customers and obviously, Chinese local competitors are going to be buying for that business like we are. But I think we've shown time and time again our ability to provide very strong and robust instrumentation, coupled with very good service. And so, I don't think that we're in any disadvantage from a local perspective from that standpoint.
Bob McMahon: Sure. I'll take that real quick. By business group, we're expecting LSAG to be down double-digits DGG down mid-single and ACG growing at mid-single digits. If we looked at by end market, Pharma, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, would be down very similar to Q2, so down low double digits. And with academia and diagnostics markets being roughly flat, Chemical and Advanced Materials being very similar to Q2 results. And then Food being down roughly the same, maybe a little better than where we saw Q2 as well. And then Environmental and Forensics similar performance as Q2.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I would just say, as we think about kind of our long-term algorithm that we've been talking about, that 5% to 7%, we're not ready to walk away from that. I think we still feel good about that. And I think while you talked about some of the bad guys, we still believe in Biopharma and are continuing to invest there. In addition, Padraig mentioned a few things on the applied side where we are the undisputed leader. So, things like PFAS, the electrification, semiconductors, those things weren't there five years ago to the extent that they're going to be there in the next five years. So certainly, the markets are a bit challenging right now, but we are seeing them recover, and we would expect to be able to get back to those rates in the near term.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Thanks, Doug. And I think it is visibility. I think if you looked across the last seven years, the two most volatile years have been the last two. And so, I think we were expecting based on the feedback that we got from our customers that they would be releasing budgets much more quickly than what they have or at least what we're seeing and while we did have an expectation that we were going to see an inflection in the back half of this year, when we're talking to our customers, it just hasn't happened. And so, I think the visibility is something that I think will we will get back, particularly as we have more recurring revenue and continue to have the connect rate on to the services business. And we're disappointed as everyone else is, but you can rest assured that we're going to come out of this stronger going forward.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I think if we look at just first half, second half and look at where our core guidance is, it's not assuming any inflection in the back half. I mean you could make an argument that typically, we have a higher weighting towards the back half of the year, just part of normal seasonality, and we're not assuming that in our guide. And so, if you look at also Pharma, we're assuming it's down roughly the same as it's been in the first half of the year, but we'll get easier compares. And so, we're not expecting "a big inflection in the back half of the year." I would say also on NASD, which we are assuming a reduction in the second half of the year relative to the first half of the year, we have all those orders in-house. And so, we've got a plan, a production plan and both for Q3 and Q4. And while something could happen, it's not like we're looking for orders to guide us on those. And those are the two big areas that made the biggest change when I think about where we were back in November, giving guidance to where we are today.
Bob McMahon: Yes. The biggest change there is our NASD business, which we will see a low water point here in Q3 if we -- what we ended up seeing is some of these clinical programs getting pushed out. They've got pushed out from Q3 into Q4. And so, there's a $30 million incremental step-up from Q3 to Q4. So, if you took that out, we did get back to a more historical kind of level.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Dan, I wish I could say we have all the orders in-house for the second half for instruments. It just doesn't work that way. So, we have much better visibility into Q3, but we will need continued performance in Q3. Now we've had several quarters here of book-to-bills being greater than one in our instrumentation portfolio, which is a positive thing. I would say, hey, we're building some backlog. And as Padraig mentioned earlier in the call, particularly in LSAG. LSAG orders grew ex-China. And that is the first time that's happened in several quarters. So, we are seeing some positives and if you look at the second half of the year, our performance relative to last year should improve just because of the benefit of easier compares. And so -- we're not, again, looking for that huge inflection. And we're not expecting also as Padraig was saying, a constriction, so to speak, or an acceleration of those deal funnels. We're expecting them to stay very similar to the way they are right now.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I'll take it. So, I wouldn't characterize it, Josh, is a deterioration. It actually just wasn't the inflection or the acceleration that we were expecting. We did -- as we were saying here, we did have a positive book-to-bill and ex China orders grew. They just didn't grow to the extent that we expected them to, particularly in April, which we would typically have higher acceleration just kind of given the end of the quarter. In terms of the platform, what you're seeing is the platforms that are more focused on Pharma being the areas that are the weakest. So, LC and LC/MS are weaker than the applied markets. And you can kind of see that in our end markets as well. And so, we were expecting those to kind of perform better this year, and we're just still seeing that, I'd say, lower-than-expected performance from the standpoint of order velocity.
Bob McMahon: I would say -- sorry, just one quick -- so one thing I would say, though, is if I looked at the performance, the revenue performance versus the order performance, the order performance was significantly better in Q2 on those two main platforms than the revenue. So again, these are points that says we are getting out of it, maybe not at the pace that we were expecting. So -- and so those are some positive points that would suggest that we're going to continue to -- it's not going to deteriorate coming out in Q2 -- or excuse me, in second half. Sorry.
Bob McMahon: Yes, it was both government and non-government accounts across the board. So, I would say it was pretty broad beyond Pharma.
Bob McMahon: Yes. So, if we looked at our Biopharma business, it was down roughly 12%, Small Molecule was down roughly 10%. Total Pharma was down 11%. So, it kind of gives you a sense. I think.
