Bill Sullivan: Our core capability for 70 years in electronic measurement has been at the physical science level. We have been a leader in networks, spectrum analyzers, very, very strong competitors in oscilloscopes and the broadest range of electronic measurement instruments in the world. You are right that at the split with Hewlett Packard, this segment of the market became more visible through the work that had been done under Hewlett Packard even before the separation. But our core competence is in physical science. This core competence is also what we’re using to leverage into our life science and chemical analysis market. I firmly believe that the company should continue to focus on its core competence and so making this divestiture, teaming it with a company such as JDSU that is really focusing in that area is better for our customers as well as for our employees.  And so I think it is absolutely the right decision for the company, going particularly given the direction the company is headed. Deane Dray – FBR Capital Markets: Looks like Asia had a particularly strong quarter so maybe if you could provide more color in terms of specific end markets. China obviously did really well, what’s driving that growth. Is it, any color on what you’re seeing in communications, or food testing, is it related to stimulus pending.
Bill Sullivan: As Adrian noted we went through each of the segments per group, but China’s business is growing across the board in every one of our segments. Even in aggregate in electronic measurement even though [sell] handset test capacity is down, overall growth in electronic measurement in China was very, very good.  So that goes across all the industrial, all of the aerospace and defense, the semiconductor markets and again food continues to do very, very well, environmental testing, petro chemical, and the whole pharmaceutical area. So China is the story of Agilent and right now China is the story for the world’s economy. Deane Dray – FBR Capital Markets: And then on your revenue growth assumption 10%, how much of that is organic versus FX. I guess the weak dollar helped a little bit so is your organic still 5% or is there any change there. 
Bill Sullivan: Sure, we had made three divestitures in the space, two of them around the networking space, the N2X platform that we sold to [Ixia], the network solutions division that we sold to JDS and we did shut down the optical and x-ray inspection business and so the ultimate divestiture we shut it down.  This will allow Ron and his team to focus on the absolute core competence that we have in our three major platforms and again, huge capability in all the accessories and programmable power supplies to meters and handheld instruments. Ron, make a few comments about the renewed focus that EMG has in your new operating model. 
Bill Sullivan: I’ll have Adrian give you the weighted average but we will continue that 30% to 40% increments in our chemical analysis and life science and you should assume that Ron’s business in EMG will have greater than 100% increment for the remainder of the year. 
Bill Sullivan: And that was reflected in our earnings per share estimate and again assuming that we fully participate in the worldwide recovery. 
Bill Sullivan: Just look at the network business historically has had higher gross margins, a little bit lower operating modules versus the core business that Ron manages, and so overall there just won’t be any impact to our electronic measurement business as we move forward. 
Bill Sullivan: Well roughly 70% to 80% of our business in the company is sold through a direct sales force channel. The first priority is to have highly competitive products that differentiate ourselves in these new markets that we’re entering. We have been very, very pleased with the progress that we have made in our high end mass spec product offerings that we have had, a strong, I believe that the separation into two dedicated sales teams, one focusing on life science based customers and the other on the more traditional chemical industrial based customers will really enhance our ability to get the right skill set in front of customers to be able to explain, sell, and deliver on differentiable products.  The separation of our sales force between Nick and Mike has gone exceedingly well. Nobody has ever accused us of underpaying the market from compensation so I believe our compensation systems are very, very competitive and I believe with this very strong product funnel that we have with an upgrade in the absolute skill set and more importantly the focus of our sales teams will able to keep our momentum and a momentum that we believe is one of the strongest if not the strongest in the industry. 
Bill Sullivan: And we’ve done a very good job of participating in the government infrastructure investment overall given our exposure and the growth of our analytical business in China. Hopefully a lot of our customers would not be, at least the order effected by any sort of change in availability of lending. 
Bill Sullivan: If you look at $40 million a quarter yes the gross margins are historically higher than the 57% but you’re going into the rest of the year where that team is going to deliver greater than 100% increments. I personally believe no matter what you assume on the operating margin or gross margin, that $40 million is going to be lost as we complete this quarter, the restructuring in electronic measurement, and the leverage that we believe we’re going to get. 
Bill Sullivan: I think the overall market, is clearly growing. You’ve seen a lot of our competitors make announcements on their view of the market and I’ll leave it up to you to decide if we’re taking market share or not. 
Bill Sullivan: And I’ll put a plug in for the team, we are a leader in used equipment. We learned our lesson from the 2000 downturn. Ron’s business which we call RSD does a superb job and you would be surprised on how well we do on driving incremental profit in this market, so we just have a great model and if we allow a customer to finance in numerous different ways, that customer can buy used equipment from us or the customer can buy new equipment as Ron said. 
Bill Sullivan: And on the analytical side we have not seen any material development of the used equipment market and again, we’ve been watching that very, very closely both Mike and Nick are very well prepared to emulate what we have done in electronic measurement, but again the used equipment market on the analytical side gets complicated because of the cleaning process, the decontamination process of the instruments, and so that just has not materialized and given that the market is recovering we don’t expect that to happen. 
Bill Sullivan: No he’s talking about handsets. Rob Mason – Robert W. Baird : Does your guidance for the full year for EM contemplate the communications test business being flat or up, I guess exclusive of the impact of the divestiture.
Bill Sullivan: One of these issues is that as we had such a low level and moving into easy compares doesn’t become material obviously if the market magically turned around, we’re prepared to respond. But that guidance does not assume any sort of dramatic improvement in the handset and as Ron said, its becoming a smaller, much smaller part of our portfolio.Rob Mason – Robert W. Baird : Was the wireless R&D portion of the business, did it grow in the quarter. 
Adrian Dillon: For the company overall in the first quarter Forex was about 2% to 3%, we are assuming constant dollar from this point forward so on a full year to year basis it would be about 2% given that the dollar did drop over the course of 2009 but we’re not counting on anything material from here as far as the weakening or strengthening of the dollar. Deane Dray – FBR Capital Markets: So basically organic assumption is slightly better than what it was last quarter. 
Adrian Dillon: To answer your questions, we probably have about $30 million of annual rate savings yet to go between now and mid year to complete the program in EMG. Because of the full year effects we’ll continue to look like we have very attractive incrementals in aggregate going forward.  The roughly, they’re in, they’re above the 50% range even after a year in the second half of the year, again because of the full year effects of what we did last year. But Bill gave the real story which is that going forward even after you’ve had the full year effects taken into account, we’re talking about a 30% to 40% incremental and with EMG being at that solid 40% high end of our operating model. 
Adrian Dillon: I will not comment on what JDSU had to say, as we mentioned in the press release that it is a business that had about $160 million in annual revenues last year so about $40 million per quarter and that for Agilent it will not be dilutive this year when we divest it. And so you can come to your own conclusions about the profitability.
Adrian Dillon: There may be a little bit of both but that’s a directional indicator, the correlation is about 90% but its more directional than it is take it to the decimal point on the annual growth rate with the one quarter lag. So it gives us a lot of confidence directionally that this business is gaining momentum but I wouldn’t take that correlation too literally. 
Adrian Dillon: The guidance is pretty good. We have an unusually high level of backlog at the moment and so I think that the amount of turns business we need to achieve the second quarter is unusually low. This is one data point for you and others, to the spirit of your question on communications remember that the NFC business represents less than 20% of our communications business. So as Ron indicated we have plenty of exposure and opportunity in 4G moving ahead and where it plays to our core, this network monitoring business was less than 20% of communications. 
Adrian Dillon: I’ll just give you a little color for the life sciences business the book to bill was usually below one in the first quarter. It was 0.99 in this quarter, it was also 0.99 a year ago at this time. So quite normal seasonality.  
Adrian Dillon: We will have a very attractive cash flow characteristics again this year and I would say its in the range of based on the guidance that we gave for the full year, its in the range of $600 million. John Wood – Jefferies & Co.: And then the world trade piece of debt that matures, I know in early calendar year 2011, is there any potential to refinance that early given where the corporate bond markets are today. 
Adrian Dillon: We do not have an early refinance option, but obviously we’re working with our partners there on deciding exactly what to do whether to refinance it, whether to extend it, or whether to pay it off. And we have the ability I think at this point to do any of the above and as the company has become recognized more and more as a very solid company from a credit perspective the value from having a secured facility like that does diminish.  So we’re looking very carefully at that. We have about another 11 months, but all options are available to us. John Wood – Jefferies & Co.: And the strength that you saw in the pharma biotech business you saw in the first quarter is that, would you characterize that strength is all a function of the new product launches or has replacement demand for that customer base started to improve. 
Adrian Dillon: We were not suggesting that China was going to continue to grow at the 30% rate that we saw in the first quarter. We’ve been very surprised, happily surprised, and so the forecast that we’ve given suggests continued double-digit growth but low double-digit growth, not the kind of 30% you seen there.  Of course no one can ever predict with confidence what happens when banks tighten as opposed to raise interest rates but China has done a pretty good job so far of modulating that. No guarantees for the future but we’re pretty confident they will not overdo it and cause a sharp slowdown, we’ll see. 
Adrian Dillon: I think you would be hard pressed to find the delta from the removal of NSD from EM’s gross margins.
Adrian Dillon: There is expectations for pricing, and in the guidance and in fact price was quite stable across the past year.
Adrian Dillon: Possibly $5 million lower than that sort of range given what we’ve done in the first quarter, correct. 
Adrian Dillon: I think what your question was, was the guidance that we provided for electronic measurements inclusive or exclusive of the NSD divestiture.
Ron Nersesian: Our focus is built around the physical layer and we have a strength of products throughout our portfolio that we will continue to focus on to achieve our top market position. For instance for the LTE market, we have electronic design automation software and then core physical measurement products such as signal sources, signal analyzers, network analyzers, and even a new product category that we invented, a base band product called the PXB. All of these products together are the core of the company. They have produced the majority of the profits for EMG and we are in very strong market positions. We will continue to focus on these markets to exploit the opportunities that exist as well as to deliver at least a 40% incremental on additional revenue.
Ron Nersesian: We’re benefiting from first of all the overall design of products such as cell phones and base stations on this LTE build out and as I had mentioned previously we make electronic design automation software which helps people design wireless products for the LTE and WiMAX build out.  On top of that we make signal sources and signal analyzers, other products that are used in early R&D mainstream R&D as well as in production and we’ve also added some installation and maintenance products that will allow us to capitalize in that area.  But we have over 15 different products in our LTE portfolio and we will capture a high percentage of the overall revenue and a good bulk of the profit from our focus on the core markets. 
Ron Nersesian: We’re seeing obviously the amount of used equipment that we have we have been seeing that clear out and people asking for more and more new equipment. So there is demand there for used equipment but we have seen folks be willing to buy new equipment to get shorter deliveries even when some folks may prefer used equipment. 
Ron Nersesian: No it is going extremely well, not only have we added more distributors to our overall channel mix, but we’ve also added Agilent technical partners and as we had gone through this restructuring many of the direct field engineers that we have in the company have moved to work for these technical partners.  So we have expanded our third party capability through this movement while retaining a lot of the talent that we have in focusing on Agilent products. And that of course gives us the focus that we want as well as it gives us the better variability in our overall cost model.  And these Agilent technical partners that we add sell exclusively Agilent products going forward. But overall the transition has gone very, very well. 
Ron Nersesian: We’re continuing to see the overall wireless handset manufacturing be a smaller and smaller portion of our portfolio, not only on revenues but as we look at overall profit contribution from the industry. In particular we saw the, a lot of capacity be put in place in 2008 which is still now coming online and being utilized as we’re starting to see more growth.  We see growth obviously in low cost handsets for countries such as China and India and we’re also seeing Smart Phone growth in the higher end products. But most of the cell phone manufacturers whether they be contract manufacturers, or the original network equipment manufacturers, they have had enough capacity so are the results that we have talked about forward looking takes into account a let’s say a slower return to the manufacturing sector in handsets. Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel Partners : Right but let’s assume that you have a shift toward next generation technology as you’ve talked about increasing demand over there for some of your wireless R&D test tools, could you tell us whether there’s going to be any impact on the manufacturing side as well at some point when there’s a shift to the next generation, will there have to be upgrades to the equipment on that side as well. 
Ron Nersesian: The exact rollout of LTE and the higher volumes for WiMAX, anybody can guess where that is based on all the forecasts of each of the players coming online. But we don’t see a very significant portion of LTE handsets being manufactured at all in 2010. So we’re continuing to see investments in 2G and 3G for many of the emerging countries and LTE and other 4G technologies will build up slowly through 2010 and beyond. Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel Partners : And then the next question, I think its been asked before, but just to ask the same question in a slightly different way, when you’re looking at the second hand market, or the grey market across your businesses, in the last slowdown there’s a pretty material impact on your sales for your electronic measurement group and it took awhile before your sales picked up even though the end market demand picked up awhile ago, now you’ve had unprecedented slowdown across most of your businesses early last year, now when you’re looking at things you did talk about the fact that you’ve got much better capabilities to sell used equipment as well and services along with that. But is there a dampening effect, are the numbers that you’re coming out with right now, would they have been much stronger if there was no used equipment in the market, how material is the used equipment in the market, both on the chemical analysis side as well as on the EM side. 
Ron Nersesian: On the EM side its not very material at all. We obviously try to make the market efficient and really help get used equipment to keep players that do not want to buy or cannot afford new equipment. As Bill had said we manage that very well. We make a good return for our shareholders on the used equipment market but its not a big portion of the overall sales into any of these end markets. 
Ron Nersesian: Our guidance doesn’t expect a very sharp rebound in that business but we see that business leveling out as we look at Q2, we have a relatively easy compare and then going forward we see a slower recovery in the communications market relative to aerospace, defense, or industrial computers or semiconductor markets. 
Ron Nersesian: As Bill had mentioned that business was relatively flat this quarter but we have invested through the downturn to bring the leading edge products, we’ve just introduced the number one product category in the electronic test and measurement business is the spectrum analyzer business and we just introduced the world’s highest performance spectrum analyzers in the world which completes a brand new family of four series of products and we believe we’re in the best market position that we’ve been in in well over a decade in that area.  So the investments that we have made through the downturn and even as we have restructured have focused on where the key contributions are in R&D as well as in other markets. So we think we’re positioned very well for any type of rebound in that area. But we do feel very comfortable with our guidance. Rob Mason – Robert W. Baird : And then just switching to the chemical analysis business, we tend to think of that as perhaps a little later cycle and your guidance for the full year suggests even more acceleration off a pretty good first quarter, just maybe comment where you’re seeing that strength. I think and specifically the European and Japan growth of 20% seems, was a little surprising just given the macro backdrop in both those countries but just a little more color on how you think chemical analysis plays out for the year as to what’s driving that.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie Securities: Can you maybe just on the, I know you’ve had a few questions on this network divestiture, I’m just trying to reconcile what JDSU said about the business and how you seem to be describing the business and so they were describing it as having very high both gross and operating margins and then but you’re saying really not going to be meaningful to earnings. Can you maybe just characterize that business for us in a little bit more detail. 
Jon Groberg - Macquarie Securities: And then just to be clear, big part of the story on the EM side has been this migration to 4G and a lot of people wondering trying to figure out where now you’re left in terms of benefiting from 4G, is it primarily on the handset side as new handsets are developed and then just on the R&D, or what other pieces of your business then are left to benefit from as you move to LTE.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie Securities: You’ve often described the EM business as a [inaudible] quarter lag to the global semiconductor market, and if you go back and look at the correlation, there’s a very good correlation there. If you look at the coming quarter, your second fiscal quarter though over the global semiconductor market, just given the severe drop of a year ago, its looking like it could be a very big quarter, you’re guiding to a little bit less growth. Is that conservatism or is there something maybe we’re missing in terms of your particular benefit from this really easy comp that you get year over year. 
Jon Groberg - Macquarie Securities: So over the second quarter specifically, is your visibility pretty good there or is there still I’m trying to remember on the EM side, I know a little bit more on the BAM side in terms of orders versus shipments in a quarter and the type of backlog you have, but for EM for second quarter would you describe your visibility to the guidance you gave as good or there’s potential for that to be much higher. 
Nick Roelofs: I’ll take the first part of it which is we are working off some backlog but the fair point of view remember that the life sciences business was not as deeply effected in Q1 of last year as the chemical analysis side of the business. So relative to our compare I think you’ll find that it is what you would expect in terms of book to bill. 
Nick Roelofs: We are seeing a bit of replacement demand because the pharma guys are just figuring out what they’re going to do. They had a reality that the patent cliff a year ago was a problem. They’ve come out of that. But it is primarily new product, new technology demand. And it is global. So we’re seeing a lot of relocation of pharma, adding equipment and capacity. John Wood – Jefferies & Co.: Can you comment on the, any discernable impact you saw from stimulus either internationally or US in the bio analytical business in 1Q.  
Nick Roelofs: Really our exposure to this is small, we are moving up our academic government sector so we’re at about 28% in life science group of exposure to academic government but our exposure is small and what we’ve seen to date is deminimous. So both comments one geographic point is that we did see some money flowing out of Japan and so if you looked at our detail that we posted for you you’ll see that the life science group did very well in Japan.  If you back the FX out of that most of the rest of that is Japanese stimulus. But again in a macro, this is a very small number relative to the life science group. 
Nick Roelofs: I would just reiterate that we’ve seen a lot of information come out and a lot of clarity, I think the key issue there is growth here, everyone is seeing it and everyone is being pretty clear that there’s a growth opportunity in this space. 
Tony Butler – Barclays Capital: China this morning announced I think for the second time in a couple of weeks that banks should increase their overall reserves thereby limiting the amount of money which can be loaned. While you’ve had tremendous growth in China, I’m just curious if the ebullience that you think will continue to occur there is also taking into account that maybe there may be some slowdown in the overall GDP.
Tony Butler – Barclays Capital: Secondly on the gross margins for the EM business up almost 80 basis points sequentially, very strong, the question really is around if NSD is divested should we consider that going down or modulating or is there still room for some upside in that particular GM side of the business. 
Tony Butler – Barclays Capital: And then lastly you mentioned some comments around pharma biotech and the life science business, but I’m just thinking is this nothing more than share shifts among other companies and the growth that you see or is this really true growth in the total pies, is the overall market in the life science business growing.
Mark Douglass – Longbow Research: Good quarter, on the EM side can we talk about the used equipment sales, is that starting to abate inventory clearing out of the used equipment and a lot of this, the orders you’re seeing are for new products. 
Mark Douglass – Longbow Research: And then continuing with EM, the shift to a greater percentage of distributor sales, what was that like in the quarter and then from a customer standpoint does it appear to be pretty seamless for them, have you had a lot of squawking about not having direct sales channel anymore to certain customers. 
Mark Douglass – Longbow Research: Just quickly what was the pricing in the quarter, if you can quantify it and are there any expectations for pricing in your guidance.
Mark Douglass – Longbow Research: And then your CapEx for the year, last call I think you said it was 130 to 140, do you expect that to be a little lower at this point.
