Steven Goulart: Good morning, Tom. It's Steve, and thanks for those questions. And talking about kind of what's happening, how we're managing the portfolio today. And John did give some high-level numbers. And when you look at how we're actually managing the portfolio, and there of course are a number of ways to resolve, most of what we're doing right now is on extending, but those are all extension options that are part of the original contract, where it's the borrowers' option to extend or not. And when they do, they still have to meet all of the various restrictions and requirements of the contract, including financial status, terms and conditions and the like. And there's usually a fee paid with it too. And they're generally all that market. So that's where we do see a lot of the activity in resolving the portfolio. And then looking at the -- we have conversations with virtually every borrower who has a maturity coming up this year. And basically, I think most of the borrowers who have that extension option probably will exercise them. We actually are seeing payoffs though, across the portfolio as well, so I think that that's a strong result too. I think, when we look at sort of numbers of loans, probably on the order of a quarter the loans, we're actually paying off to. So we're actively managing the portfolio as we always do, with obviously a heightened sense of attention today, but very confident. And John gave numbers, we think that there will be a very, very small number of -- or closures likely when we're through this year.
Steven Goulart: And your second question was, well, I can expand. I sort of answered your second question just saying the extensions are at market, but -- and also what I'd say is, yeah, this is a market where we're very picky. And looking at all of the office -- well, frankly, across all of the commercial loan space, we're getting kind of a minimum of 200 basis points over likely indices on floating rate loans or on treasury indices. And if we were to do an office, it would probably be at least 100 basis point premium over that too. So it's a market, where again you have to be very cautious, but there are opportunities as we've seen through other cycles in the past.
Steven Goulart: Yeah. And I think, first, we probably want to just address what happened with those numbers for the 2022 migration, because it's a fairly unique circumstance. I mean we do a reasonable amount of floating rate loans about 30% of our portfolio are in floating-rate loans. And just the way the mechanics of those LTV calculations work, there are lags involved. Net operating income is a three-year average, so when you think about something like caps, those basically kind of get delayed in how they work into the actual calculations. And so we do see that migration, but again over time, that cap income will also get incorporated in, obviously depending on the overall interest rate environment, so when we look at it, we're not really concerned that that's a credit issue. It's really just more the mechanics of the formulation and the timing. So that's what really is driving it. We wouldn't expect significant negative deterioration across the portfolio other than just the mechanics.
Steven Goulart: Thanks, Erik. That's certainly is something that we spend a lot of time looking at and we regularly stress test the portfolio. We've just gone through another round of that testing, no surprises, just given what's happening in the market. And what I'd say, summary is, we're very comfortable with the portfolio. The implications of severe stress tests are really very modest. And what we did in our most recent stress test scenario is, we assume that all valuations across the entire commercial mortgage loan portfolio declined by 30% to 35% from where they are today. So think about that. That's pretty severe. And then you work that through in terms of impact on net operating income, loan migrations, foreclosures, REO impacts. The net impact to us from a capital perspective, we estimate, would really only be about 10 to 15 RBC points over three years. So when you really put that in the context of what it means to capital, it's very, very modest impact. And I think that is a very severe stress case as well. So I think it just -- it points to the overall strength of the portfolio and the overall strength of our capital.
Steven Goulart: Hi, Tracy. It's Steve. I guess I'd go back to how we talk about VII fairly consistently. And recall, we're not trying to predict quarterly, monthly, interim returns. I mean we really set our projection based on our long-term performance track record in the classes. And that's how we've come to the 12% number, 3% a quarter. So that's always our standard projection. Certainly, as we go through the year, we do look and given the lag, we can look and try and make some connections to what's happening in the markets. And I think that kind of relates to a little bit of what John talked about on our performance, although venture capital certainly was something that everyone was focused on for a while, so I think we did see those negative returns come through in the last quarter. So again looking ahead, I mean, I'd still look at what the overall market has done in the previous quarter just given the lag that will serve as some directional indicator for where we are. And I think our view is always that our portfolio should be less volatile and probably less extreme on returns than the overall market. So again I think, compared to last quarter, venture capital took a big hit across the rest of the portfolio. We actually saw pretty decent returns and looking at the LBO portfolio and some of our specialty sector like power, infrastructure, energy and those sorts of portfolios. So there is performance and I guess, I'd just look at the overall market as an indicator.
Steven Goulart: I'd say both. It was elevated activity-wise just because of maturities that we wanted to refinance, but we manage the program very actively. And it still meets all of our target thresholds for returns and income on the portfolio, so we're very happy with the returns.
Steven Goulart: Yeah. And again you have to go and look at the maturity because again it's still overall match portfolio, but what we're looking at are really mostly fixed maturities, structured finance, some private assets, not much in the way of real estate these days.
Steven Goulart: I mean, Ryan, I'd really relate it more to just our overall valuation process. When loans get refinanced or extended, there's a valuation that's right in line with our normal valuation process, so -- and like I said, most of the extensions we're doing are extensions that are at borrower's options who've met all the financial criteria required for the loan, so we wouldn't expect to see migration as a result of that.
Steven Goulart: Hey, Suneet. We didn't -- we haven't broken out the maturities. Again I think, if you look at the overall resolution and the path we're down, it's very strong for the overall portfolio, extension options were they are provided at market with fees and a good number of payoffs to -- so I'm sorry. I don't have the specific breakdown, but I'm very pleased with the overall structure of our resolution right now.
John McCallion: Yeah. And I would just maybe add, Tracy. I mean I think obviously Q1 is a -- year-end marks. We're moving into now Q1 -- Q2 being off of Q1 results, so I think directionally we would be kind of optimistic that it would improve from Q1. Maybe we don't revert back to plan, but I think we're on kind of an upward trend.
John McCallion: Good morning, Ryan. It's John. So like you said RIS spreads, I think overall 117, but ex-VII, were very strong in the first quarter at 137. And just recall, our overall all-in range was 135 to 160. So again, if you kind of add back a normal contribution to VII that would have been certainly high end of the range. And look, I think we highlighted this on the outlook call. We did think that the first half of '23, certainly based on the forward curve would have, I'll say, the higher end of spreads just given our in the money caps. We probably think Q2 has some kind of similarity to Q1 at this point for ex-VII spreads. And then we'll need to see how the forward curve and how rates progress through the rest of the year.
John McCallion: Hey, Elyse. It's John. Yeah. I made the comment. I mean we -- more because, as you've seen, we probably have a little bit of outsized sensitivity in C&O for VII. It was a function of a number of things. Remember, last year, a year ago, we were able to monetize about $1 billion of our private equity portfolio. We also, just with some asset and liability management, moved a bit more into Corporate & Other. I would call that a holding pattern for now. And that's really the comment I'm making. And so it does, I think, on the margin cause us to probably -- we're not stopping our investment, but it's -- relatively speaking, it's the new commitments are a bit slower. But they're -- we're still doing that. We want to always invest through the cycle, but that was the gist of the comment.
John McCallion: Yeah. It's John again, Elyse. As you said, it was a good result for the quarter. Look, how much -- a lot of active management, a lot. And inflation is -- has been challenging. And I think we've seen that throughout the insurance industry in -- on both sides, and it's a challenging environment. And as a result, it takes active management. And I think our -- the culture here has been really strong around efficiency mindset. We continue to use that mentality to build capacity so that we can continue to invest in -- through these cycles and not let things like inflation slow us down. And it gives us optionality should we see more stressful environment. So I think the team has done a really, really great job, but it's -- every day, it's active management.
