Michel Khalaf: Hey, good morning, Erik. I would definitely reiterate that. That was kind of our commentary last year that we had some seasonality in expenses in the second half of the year. We tend to see those expenses rise in places like group in terms of as we go through the enrollment process. And as we mentioned in the script, the first quarter, we saw some benefits that we didn't expect to recur similar to the second quarter so we want to normalize for those things anyway in addition to just the seasonality point.
Michel Khalaf: Yes. Look, I think we've been spending quite a bit of time over the last several years. I think if you go back to, let's start with, why is the impact muted, first, I think we've been trying to shift our risk profile for some time now, and that's starting to take effect. Obviously, when you think about those results, we have some good ALM discipline and I think that's coming through in sensitivities that we have. In terms of further actions, I think, yeah, look we're always considering, we're constantly reevaluating our ALM practices, looking at outlook in terms of interest rates and where the forward curve may be and things like that. So there are actions we can take, but everything is kind of on the margin. The most important thing we have is, price the business appropriately. And I think that's starting to come through and you can see that in that page.
Michel Khalaf: Yeah. Hi, Jimmy. Well, first of all, let me sort of reiterate, in terms of our capital management philosophy, we believe that excess capital, beyond what we need to fund organic growth and for strategic acquisitions that clear risk-adjusted hurdle rate, belongs to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. As you know, we are conducting a strategic review and I would say that that work is moving along nicely. Without getting into too much detail, strategy is about choices and paramount among them is how we deploy capital, as well as other scarce resources. Our commitment to value creation requires us to exercise discipline across all capital, including capital supporting new business, as well as in-force business, not just excess capital. This means that pricing new product at appropriate internal rates of return with appropriate payback periods. It also means optimizing of our portfolio when and if necessary. Let me point out that since the MetLife acquired Alico, we've divested more than 20 businesses, some large like our U.S. Retail business and other smaller such as the Hong Kong business. In all cases, we've been careful and deliberate. As the business is not meeting our return hurdles and we do not see a clear runway to doing so within a reasonable time frame, we have to consider alternatives, including divestitures, to free up capital for greater value creation over time. So that's our approach. I think it's consistent with how we've done things to-date. And as I've noted, since the Alico acquisition we've had a number of divestitures, but I would certainly not comment on any particular rumors that have been out there.
Michel Khalaf: I would just add, Tom, to Kishore's comments, also in the foreign-denominated annuity products and other products that we sell, there's a very high persistency there. So just from a net perspective, it's a good statistic to think about.
Michel Khalaf: Yes, absolutely, Ryan. We are -- part of our review is looking for also ways to accelerate revenue growth, especially in markets and businesses where -- that we feel are attractive and where we have a competitive advantage. We're always looking at M&A opportunities as a way to further enhance our growth. Clearly, we look for opportunities that are a good fit with our strategy and that are accretive and we have also a consistent way of evaluating many opportunities globally. We look at value and cash generation. Clearly, those deals need to earn more than their cost of capital. We also evaluate M&A against alternative uses of capital. We consider capital markets the cost of raising capital in our assessments, but we continue to look at M& A as an opportunity for us to drive growth or enhance efficiency in certain businesses and markets.
Michel Khalaf: Yeah. We actually are still seeing a very robust pipeline in the PRT space. And in particular, we're seeing a pretty robust pipeline on some of the jumbo deals. Clearly, over time, as rates come down, that would impact volumes in this market, but it really depends on the ALM posture of the pension plan. Some of those plans are already better matched and therefore are more insulated to falling grades and are getting the benefit from rising equity markets. So having said all of that, I think, over time lower rates will be headwind to volumes, but for now we're still seeing a very robust second half pipeline.
Michel Khalaf: Thank you. Let me close by saying how pleased I am with our second quarter results especially in light of a challenging capital market environment. Overall, we delivered another very good quarter in which our diversified set of businesses demonstrated their fundamental strength. I want to thank everyone for joining us today on a busy morning, and I look forward to speaking with you again soon. Have a great day.
Kishore Ponnavolu: This is Kishore. Let me take the Korea question first. Year-on-year sales in Korea declined 14%. I want to give you a little bit of context in Korea. We have three channels in Korea. Our Korea agency channel that has held really well. Our general agency channel, which is a significant channel and our MFS channel which is a relatively smaller portion of our sales. In the GA channel, we sell mostly savings in retirement products, and that channel from a market perspective took a hit in the second quarter. The overall market for savings in retirement products dropped by about 25%, and we believe that's because of the equity market volatility in Korea. So we got that our proportionate share there, but I want to shift to a positive note with regards to Korea is because we have a number of in-market actions. We've actually increased the manpower in our Korea agency. We launched a couple of products, which are actually getting very good traction. So because of that, second half, we expect Korea sales to come back pretty strong. With regards to -- sorry, go ahead.
Kishore Ponnavolu: So, in Japan, if you think quarter-on-quarter, we're down 32% in the annuity sales, right? So let me give you a little bit of context on annuity sales. The vast majority of our annuity sales come through our banker channel. It's a little bit volatile channel, right? If you look at 2018 second quarter sales, we almost had $200 million of sales. And relative to 2017, that was 136% increase year-on-year come off, reinforce the volatility point. So against that high watermark, this year, we're down 32%. And there are two drivers for that, right? Number one driver is the volumes through the banker channel for foreign denominated products actually came down. So year-on-year, the volume fell 9%. So what's the reason for that? We believe it's U.S. dollar interest rate softening, and that means the value proposition for customers is a little weaker relative as a result of that. Now that's only a 9% decline, okay? There's a second factor. The second factor is that given that there's a strong interest in this particular segment, there have been some new entrants into the space, and some of them have been very aggressive with their crediting rates. We've been in this business for a long time, and we're very disciplined player, and we refuse to change volume, and so we're going to be leaning on our strength here. We have strong banker relationship, got 120-plus bank relationships. We believe we have advantages on investment management side on the dollar-denominated products that others may or may not have, and so we're going to leverage this. So we're going to see some softness here for the next couple of quarters, as Michel and John referenced, but we believe that the market will come back through the banker channel. And on top of that, we'll get our fair share. I hope that helps.
Kishore Ponnavolu: Tom, this is Kishore. So at the last outlook call at the Investor Day and also at the outlook call, we said high single-digit asset growth for Asia, as a segment. We're sticking to that, and there's no change at this point. If the question is in regards to a slowdown with regards to annuities, certainly I want to remind you that there are other lines which have actually gone the other way. A&H, Michel talked about the 12% increase in A&H. That's the advantage of a multiproduct multi-distribution business. In addition, earlier, I talked about some year-over-year decline for the second quarter with annuities from the bank segment. We expect that to change and obviously moderate over time. And, certainly, we expect to get our fair share back. So this is a quarter or two, but over the medium term we expect to get back to our fair share.
Kishore Ponnavolu: So the one extra thing to John is also, Tom, a bulk of these annuity sales are single premium. And so, because they're single premium, the full impact of these sales are not necessarily reflected in the A&P and they show up on assets.
John McCallion: Good morning, Jimmy. Yes we are supportive of the proposed delay, still needs to be voted on, but we are supportive of that. I don't think it changes anything in terms of impact to us in terms of the timing, other than it gives us and the industry a chance to work together on implementation. In terms of which segments are most -- holdings would be one of them. I think wherever we have FAS 60 business, which would be holdings, there're some in RIS or some in Asia, those would also be impacted.
John McCallion: Yeah. No, no. I think we - nothing soon. This is a lot of work. It's a complex standard, which is why we support the additional year, and I think it's appropriate for us in the industry to kind of work through this so that we can present these new information in the most effective and efficient way.
John McCallion: Yes. So just to be clear crystal clear, that sensitivity that's provided there is for changing the U.S. 10-year Treasury rate long-term assumption, right, which is our reversion to, at this point, 4.25%, and as you comment or references, it impacts our U.S. segments. In EMEA, I would say the mix of business doesn't really cause kind of a material number to arrive one way or another. And rates have been pretty low, and we assume that's the case anyway. In Japan, like when we test loss recognition -- for loss recognition there, we use current rates and just assume they don't revert anywhere. They just stay state level. So...
John McCallion: Yeah. Hey, Ryan. So -- and remember that was 100 basis point parallel shift, right, that we gave you. And I think the punch line, as we said, was that largely intact. It wasn't quite -- it hasn't been quite parallel. Right. The long end has dropped further than the short end, so there's a - that non-parallel shift and we talked about this before, it does have, call it, a negative impact on sec lending. The reason to your question, the reason why it's smaller in the first year is, it's mainly derivative. It's not necessarily floors, although we have those too, but it's just even the pay lag on our receivers swap, right? So as LIBOR drops, your pay lag and your expense goes down.
John McCallion: Yes. We don't have that specifically, Suneet, broken out. I would just again, I think, we would revert back to the kind of the overall. There's a lot of different items going on in there that some things that benefit for from just the drop in LIBOR. There's others that have more of an impact on the longer end, and so that's the part of our, I think, diversified portfolio that benefit here. We do get some offsets from having the short end of the curve drop as well in a positive way, but we haven't broken out each individual component. We just kind of revert back to kind of the aggregate change.
John McCallion: It’s probably pre-John Hall. But, no, I think, certainly, we certainly at one point, those were one major benefit to lower rates, those have probably declined over time in terms of the amount of floors we have. But we've continued at different times to take up -- look, when the risk of rates rising, which was not too long ago was the major risk, we actually took the opportunity to add some floors. And so in our RIS segment, you know, we have talked about spreads and actually if LIBOR continues to drop, that sensitivity to LIBOR is going to start to flip. And that's partly due to the fact that we were opportunistic to buy some additional floors there that have a strike starting at 2%. So it's kind of it evolves over time, and it's not so static.
John McCallion: Yes, I think that's the punch line. It would need to be a pretty big impact. I mean even beyond. We showed 25, 50 and 75 even beyond that. We have quite a bit of healthy loss recognition testing margins in the U.S. in our FAS 60 business. So to get kind of a full unlocking our loss recognitions impact, it would take quite a bit of a drop in that long-term rate assumption.
John McCallion: Yeah. I think as we go through this unit cost initiatives, a good portion of those initiatives help reduce some of the expenses there in holdings. In addition to just like, I call, BAU and the efforts that we're taking. Obviously, this is a business that will gradually run off. So I think the relationship there in expenses is a pretty good kind of way to think about it. In terms -- over time as the business runs off, we'd also expect the expenses to run down as well.
John McCallion: Yeah, sure. So just to reiterate and this is what I said in my opening remarks, we still expect full year to be within our -- this is for RIS, our 2019 guidance of 100 to 125, albeit at the bottom end of that range. Also, in addition to VII, as you mentioned the sequential improvement was helped by the fact that we did deploy some of that excess cash one hand that we referenced in the first quarter. So even though interest rates fell, there was -- and there was a further inversion of LIBOR. We were able to improve our spreads sequentially. And I think the last thing I'd point out and it's timely, we had the Fed -- the latest fed rate cut yesterday, the forward curves projecting a steepening from here and so we're starting to see a light at the end of the tunnel for, I'd say, spread compression in that business. So any improvement won't happen immediately and at these projected levels any benefit would be probably modest, but it starts to put us near or at the bottom of spread compression for this segment for some time. 
