Steven Albert Kandarian: Tom, let me answer you in one second. But John just wants to make a quick correction to his comments.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Tom, things – obviously, I'm moving around as we hear from policymakers in Washington around the capital rules. As of now, there's no draft capital rules out for us to look at and consider with respect to our business. So while we thought these rules would be out well before now, we're still waiting. And our decision a couple years back was to begin returning capital to shareholders, excess free cash flow, and we built up what we believe is a good buffer but again, it's uncertain and we don't know how this will all play out. So right now it's a little bit of a judgment call. And we are in this year looking to return to shareholders the free cash flow that the business generated. I think if nothing changes in the external world, that'd be the pace we'd be on going forward in 2016 as well but I have to put some caveats in here because there could be a change in the environment that we learn about at some point in the future but that is our current thinking.
Steven Albert Kandarian: We'd be comfortable with what we're generating in terms of free cash flow and we are targeting at the 45% to 55% levels so assuming we achieve that, that would be a fairly good number to think about and if draft rules come out next year, that could impact our thinking, of course.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Tom, we're in the process of finalizing our analysis on this so it's too early to say how that number would be impacted. But the goal clearly is to raise the number and we are looking at all of our businesses by product, by geography, by customer. There's a great deal of very granular analysis that's ongoing and we are looking at a number of factors as we think of our businesses including quicker paybacks on our products. So the goal here is to improve free cash flow and I should mention that companies that have undergone this process in the past and primarily in Europe took a number of years to go through this process. We are trying to condense that to a shorter period of time but it's not an exercise that one could go through in a couple of quarters. So we'll have more to say about it clearly next year but you can be assured that we are working very hard on driving higher our free cash flow ratio and as we learn things along the way here with our analysis, we're making adjustments on an ongoing basis.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Suneet, obviously, the external pressures on us are significant and we've discussed that. I'd say in the near term given current interest rates and the macroeconomic factors, in that high 10%, 11% range is probably what we're looking at.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Those are short duration businesses and liabilities. So we could move pretty quickly. What we would do is once the capital rules came out, we would look at the cost and benefits to the company overall and we have to make a decision based upon that analysis. So until then, it's hard to say what we actually would do but in the day, it ended up being a fairly straightforward analysis for us.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Yeah. So, buried in there as we add a little IBNR change so that's why the subtlety of my previous answer might have been missed but if you think about it, if I were to normalize that IBNR change, I would say that the hit to group and retail was roughly the same and completely driven by, as we already said, miles driven, both frequency and severity in both businesses. So that's a little bit more of a normalized answer there.
John C. R. Hele: Yes. As I was going through my script, I said one number slightly backwards. Of the statutory charge in the quarter, of the $911 million of the charge, it's $792 million went to statutory earnings. I believe, and it was pointed out to me, I said $972 million. So it's $792 million went to statutory earnings and $119 million went directly into surplus
John C. R. Hele: Hi. This is John. Our guidance of the 45% to 55% is still within the RBC and the tax charges that we've already spoken about.
John C. R. Hele: Hi, Jimmy. This is John. So, CBF spreads, look in our quarterly financial supplement, do bounce around quarter to quarter. We had in December 2014, in our guidance call, said our spread outlook would be between 150 basis points to 170 basis points with 30 basis points to 40 basis points from VII, if you look at it for the nine months, we're at 173 basis points with 39 basis points from VII. But the third quarter was at the low end at 149 basis points with 32 basis points from VII, so you can see how this moves around quarter to quarter, a lot of VII second quarter. Remember we pointed out an accounting change that we did to also give a boost to the second quarter of CBF but within this guidance, it still makes sense for the 150 basis points to 170 basis points.
John C. R. Hele: This is a one-time charge, remember statutory dividends are determined a year after the fact. The reason why it is not a larger impact is we are up against the lesser than rule of the New York which is dividends are the lesser of 10% of surplus or your earnings in the year. So this did affect as I said our statutory earnings, but it did not affect the dividend capacity for next year because we are bumping up against a 10% number, the 10% limitation.
John C. R. Hele: Happy to. Let me just look at that page. For our U.S. insurance companies, our statutory results were an operating loss of approximately $900 million and a net loss of approximately $700 million. And of course this has the non-cash tax charge, it was $911 million on a statutory basis, $792 million went through statutory earnings and $119 million directly into surplus.
John C. R. Hele: Yeah, that was one of the major impacts and it's not under-hedged, we don't fully hedge on smaller market moves but we have a macro hedge that protects against larger market moves, so we're trying to be cost-efficient in how we do this. We're willing to take some statutory volatility quarter to quarter to have an economical return on this product line but we're well protected if larger shocks kick in.
John C. R. Hele: Hi. Seth, it's John. The Fed has given no guidance as to what they're considering to be weighted in different ways. They're looking at all aspects of the insurance business and the industry is in discussions with them but they really have given us no indication at this time as to how they'll view any line of business.
John C. R. Hele: Well it would be now set, if interest rates go up exactly according to this slope, then you'd have normal profits coming through and no changes to DAC amortizations. This is primarily a DAC change. You have less profits in the future, so you need to adjust your DAC today and the patterns go out in a consistent manner.
John C. R. Hele: Well, that would be done at the end of the year. It depends on where interest rates end up and other factors. So I can't give you, I can't predict where interest rates will be at the end of the year. And that's one of the most sensitive points.
John C. R. Hele: Hi. This is John. That would be correct. We view the changes we made this quarter were consistent within that overall guidance that we've given.
John C. R. Hele: I think what we had said before when we gave this guidance about $3 billion, most of it is in DAC. And as you change your assumptions, that tends to be immediate of course on your DAC amortization. There's also U.S. GAAP loss recognition testing that if you need to increase those, that's done over time. What I had said was I didn't expect to change assumptions immediately. To go right down to flat 2% forever would take some time for us ever to change our view on that as the world might change. Because for 10-year treasuries to remain at 2% forever means either no inflation or there's very little growth in the U.S. economy. We don't believe long term that that is the case, but we now believe it will take a lot longer to get there from where we are today. So that's the assumption change. And as I said, the calculations we have done are consistent with the prior year guidance that I've given.
John C. R. Hele: Hi, Michael. This is John. As I said, the separate accounts were down about 6%. Our managed vol funds actually did a little better than that but were still negative. They were just around 4.5% – was about the amount for the target vol funds. So target vols are supposed to be better but to react in a quick quarter like this, it's harder for these so they did perform a bit better than what the S&P did which is down about 7% and our separate account returns in total were down about 6% but not flat or anything. It was a pretty rough quarter for the equity markets.
John C. R. Hele: I'd still stick with that range. We have timing of preferred dividends now. We refinanced one of our preferred dividends and there's a gain this quarter because it's now a semi-annual dividend and it'll hit the fourth quarter so there's going to be some bumpy timing as we look quarter to quarter now. The old preferreds that we took out were quarterly dividends so it's smoother. The new piece that we did, it is a net savings to us by doing this but it'll be more bumpy.
John C. R. Hele: Thanks, Eric. This is John. So obviously, where interest rates go long-term is very important for us in how we price, how we think and how we account for our business. We spend a lot of time thinking about 4.5% is still the correct long, long-term assumption and when I say long-term, we're putting liabilities in the books today that may last for 100 years given life expectancies of young people. So it's a very long-term assumption. So that we think about that and the question is how fast will we get there and I would say currently and we talked to a lot of economists and academics on this and looked at the global economy, I think given this year compared to even a few years ago where there was much more optimism about the recovery of the world economies, we see a much slower growth for now and for the foreseeable future. And that's why we put a longer slope going out on the treasury rate which is the risk-free rate. When it comes to credit spreads, we really normalize those over the entire credit cycle and the fact they're up in the quarter or down in the quarter doesn't really impact our thinking over a very long-term cycle. And we study credit spreads over decades and that's how we set these long-term assumptions and we're lucky we have experience of credit cycles over decades and have very good experience in this. So that's of our thinking and behind how we set these assumptions.
