Eric T. Steigerwalt: Sure, Steve. Let me just walk through very briefly here. As we said, we reported $1.37 per share normalizing to $1.39. Just thinking about a few things that we don't normalize as we consider them part of our business frankly. We did have about $0.04 of initial market impact that helped earnings in the Americas in the first quarter. We’ve talked about the fact that our variable investment income was at the higher end of our range. Our range is $150 million to $250 million, and we came in at $239 million. So you can think about that. In addition, on a normalized basis, we reported P&C earnings of $84 million. And as I mentioned, we expect higher cats in the second quarter and third quarter. And as a matter of fact, versus last year, we actually added another $20 million to our cat provision for the second quarter. So I think P&C earnings will come down a little bit in the second quarter. And finally, we had very good recurring income. We expect that to -- for the most degree, to continue going forward. But it was a very good quarter. So when I say recurring income, investment income, I mean non-variable. So you can think about maybe those 4 categories with respect to adjusting off of our normalized $1.39, Tom.
Eric T. Steigerwalt: Sean, we just don't know. At this point, there is not much clarity provided by Washington on this topic. So we don't have an answer for you.
Eric T. Steigerwalt: Right now, it's uncertain. We've mentioned that we may do that, but we'll let you know as we get through the year.
Eric T. Steigerwalt: Look, you got the market piece, obviously. We had great spreads. We had record spreads in the retail annuity business, 309 basis points. So within there, as per my sort of global comments on spreads, recurring investment income was very good. Now part of that is propped up by the interest rate floors, not only in this business but in others. So I would have to say, I'm not expecting record spreads every quarter, but it was clearly a good quarter and much of it is sustainable.
Eric T. Steigerwalt: Sure, Jimmy. So now earnings were down a little bit in individual life, but really that was due entirely to -- or almost entirely to the settlement we reached, because the reserve adjustments that had to be made to ascete [ph] those old policies were in the charge there, which is the $26 million after tax was in that line. I think if you added that back, I think individual life had a pretty good quarter. You are right. I mean, mortality is up a bit this quarter. There is a seasonality aspect to mortality. And oftentimes, the mortality report -- remember, that's gross before reinsurance offsets. And reinsurance offsets, that's just -- it can move around a little bit quarter-to-quarter. If you look over any lengthy period of time, we are -- our mortality experience is actually pretty good. The pressure on pricing changes, and that's really occurring in UL, is all about interest rates and the capital that's needed to support the ULSG guarantees. And so we, and really, I think everybody in the industry is as well, we're all raising prices in UL. It's -- in this kind of an interest rate environment, it's just not as an attractive product. And because of that, you can see our sales are down this quarter, as we continue to tighten pricing there. So I -- that's, I would say, what's really going on with individual life pricing.
Eric T. Steigerwalt: Bill, I'll just add. Ed, with the new product, as we go through this year, our hedging costs will continue to come down a little bit. So you can factor that in as you think about this as well.
Steven A. Kandarian: Yes, I think you pegged it. That is our intention. We -- the accident and health business that was really, I guess, started in Japan some 20 or 30 years ago has -- Alico did a very good job of rolling that out around the world, and that continues today. Our accident and health sales are up, for instance, in Latin America are up very nicely, and that -- it's through a number of different channels. So our presence in accident and health in the U.S. is very modest, and we expect that we will be developing products and rolling that out through a number of channels, really, starting this year but obviously continuing over the next couple of years to build some momentum.
Steven A. Kandarian: Our view of M&A really hasn't changed. We've talked about a number of times in the past. As we look at deals, we'll compare it to a share buyback program as well. And we have to see accretion soon after a deal closes. It doesn't have to be day one. It depends upon the deal and the importance of the transaction to us. But you can be assured that we remain disciplined in any sort of M&A transactions that we do. I have no comment today about any specific M&A deals. Obviously, we don't talk about that until there's certainty. But we are still looking at properties, not just in the United States but globally, that may make sense in terms of being a good fit from our point of view strategically. So that's kind of the key message.
Steven A. Kandarian: John, we did not file an appeal. We obviously looked at that avenue as a possibility. Given the fact that we are de-banking and we looked at the time lines of these, we thought it made more sense to focus our energies on de-banking.
Steven A. Kandarian: As you know, these transactions are subject to regulatory approval, specifically FDIC and even the Fed has an involvement in it in terms of us de-banking, and we just can't say with certainty when the regulatory approvals will be forthcoming. The FDIC has to put it on their docket. They meet once a month. I'm sure they've a lot of matters before them. So at this point in time, we don't have clarity on our side to be specific about timing.
Steven A. Kandarian: Not as to paying down debt certainly. And we do talk to the Fed, typically, before doing an M&A transaction, especially the larger ones. So we keep them informed.
Steven A. Kandarian: Chris, there's not a lot that can be done. We're waiting for clarity, and -- but we -- if there is an M&A transaction that makes sense to us, we're going to pursue those kinds of activities. But again, I have nothing today to report to you on that front. Over time, when we are able to de-bank, we'll make a decision about returning or deploying capital in October. We'll talk about our dividend. But at this point in time, given the regulatory environment, that's as much as I can say.
Steven A. Kandarian: Jimmy, on the first one, buybacks, let me start by saying it is our intent to return excess capital to our shareholders. That remains a strong commitment on our part. And I also said that we can look at the entire landscape at a time when we can return capital to shareholders. Right now, we cannot. So we'll take a look at all the factors, how MetLife is doing, our capital position, the overall economic environment, what's going on there and the regulatory landscape as the key factors, and we'll have to assess that as that day comes in terms of being able to return capital. So right now, I just -- I don't see any upside in me making predictions about what all those factors will look like at the point in time when we can return capital to our shareholders. So I'm afraid it's not the clarity you'd like to have, and frankly, it's not the clarity I’d like to give you, but that's the environment we're living in.
Steven A. Kandarian: Joanne, I think that's right. There are things that, frankly, we've known about now for a year or 2 in terms of certain companies that have made announcements that they'll be divesting of certain properties as they try to repair their own balance sheets. And those properties now are entering the marketplace. Some have already been on the marketplace for a while and have been sold. So I think that trend will continue for some period of time. And as you can imagine, most any transaction of any size, we do look at. These transactions are shown to us. We are looking at properties that make sense, from a strategic point of view, in terms of our goals going forward, in terms of we want to expand our business. So we look at those properties very closely. We determine whether or not to make a bid. But if we make a bid, again, as we've said many times, has to make sense from a point of view of shareholder value creation, which means it has to be accretive soon or immediately, and we compare it to share repurchases.
Steven A. Kandarian: I'd say that right after the start of the crisis, it was very much a buyer's market. And Alico is an example of that. I think now it's more of a neutral market. It's not like 2006, 2007, where it's clearly a seller’s market. But I'd say within that, there are segments. So certain properties, you can imagine -- you've read the announcements of a number of companies looking to expand in markets in Asia. So properties of that nature are getting more attention and, potentially, more aggressive bidding. Other markets and other properties that perhaps are not growing as rapidly might shift a little bit more toward the buyer side.
William J. Wheeler: Yes. Mark, it's Bill Wheeler. We haven't announced any new product changes or any more product changes to annuities. But there -- but I'd be very surprised if we didn't have some changes going forward. And yes, we're always sort of tweaking our distribution in terms of which distributors. Obviously, we have our own agents, but obviously third parties, and we're always looking at sort of the productivity of the various third-party channels we have. So I'd be very surprised if there weren't further changes.
William J. Wheeler: Chris, it's Bill. I think there is an interest on corporate America's part to getting rid of, I would say, traditional pension plans and doing a closeout. What's giving them pause is continued low interest rates. I mean, the -- when interest rates are this low, the cost of doing that, even if they have a well-funded plan, isn't that attractive. I think they're -- they've kind of said, "Gee, we should just wait. We don't have to do this now. We should wait. Interest rates will be higher." But I think the reality is coming home that interest rates may stay this low for a while yet, given what the Fed says every day. So I think what might occur is -- if there's one big trade printed, they might -- that I think that people might say, "Well, it's probably time to go." So I think this market is pretty dynamic right now in terms of what might break and when. So we'll just -- we'll have to wait and see.
William J. Wheeler: Yes, sales activity has been good. There's not a very big block in the U.K. So the profit contribution from that business is modest. I mean it's profitable, but it's modest. So -- but sales activity has been good. I mean, there's a lot of closeout activity in the U.K. right now.
William J. Wheeler: Well, look, that's -- if you look at our -- the deals that we're executing on now, you would say they're sort of small deals, and that's been that way for a while. I think -- or relatively small deals. They're -- I think what people have talked about for a number of years, including us, is there are a number of large pension plans out there, is something else going to happen and something that would really be big. And the answer is we don't know yet. We'll have to wait and see. Clearly, there's an interest on the part of corporate America to do those deals. But obviously, we've -- I talked about the pressure is what's causing them to pause.
William J. Wheeler: Well, I'll be honest. I don't follow the Milliman Hedge Cost Index. I don't want to give them an endorsement, frankly. We look at our own hedge cost index. Our hedge cost index actually went down. It's not anywhere near what it was at the peak, and it was actually down from the last couple of quarters. So my guess is, we don't track very well with that index. That's one. Two is, in terms of pulling back -- I mean, remember now, we're only going back to sales that we had in 2010, right. I mean, 2011 was a bit of an aberration because of the way we priced the new product. So it's all relevant in terms of what you mean pulling back. Obviously, we've seen people in the industry exit this business, and a lot of that has to do with, frankly, their historical risk management performance. And they just couldn't stand the pain anymore. Our experience is very different and we've talked about on many different occasions about how we hedge this product and how we've come through the financial crisis. So we're -- we think we're in much better shape, and we think the product we sell today has a very good return. So hedging costs are still a little elevated relative to our pricing assumptions, but just a little bit, frankly, and that does jump around. So I guess that's kind of our feeling about that.
William Hogan: This is Bill Hogan. Let me start to reiterate what Steve said that sales were up 28%. We saw double-digit growth across all of our channels, also saw a good mix of different products in terms of life products, annuity products and our A&H products were all up in the course of the first quarter. The leading distribution was bancassurance, and our independent agents, particularly the broker general agents, had a real strong quarter. They continue to have strong growth opportunities there. A reminder that this obviously does not include the month of March, which is traditionally the strongest month for the bank business because we report the quarter with a one month lag. So we see some great growth there, and we've got a good balance risk profile due to the diversity of our product mix. So we continue to see that broad product mix and the good diversity of products, and that is what we see going forward as well.
William Hogan: I think on the independent side and the bank side, we had some very strong wholesaling and training. They're still learning the business. The BGA business is growing rapidly, and they need training. And our wholesalers are providing that. The banks are still getting new into the life insurance market, and we're providing the training to help support that. On the independent or career side of our agency channel, we continue to see steady growth there through providing good solid products, and we're offering consultative-type sales that include both a life product as well as an A&H product. And that's really what customers are looking for these days. On the direct marketing side, we've been repositioning the portfolio and doing a lot more outbound telemarketing, and that's been extremely successful, as well as starting to see some sales on the Internet.
William Hogan: Well, March is, as I said, it’s the end of the year for the bank business, so it looks -- that certainly will look pretty strong, and I think we'll see a good second quarter relative to prior year. A reminder that last year, we had the earthquake which dampened sales substantially. So good second quarter. It looks promising, and the bar certainly gets raised in the third and fourth quarter.
