John C. R. Hele: Hi, Ryan. This is John. Well, as we’ve mentioned I think on prior calls, New York we believe is more conservative than other states. And we have had added reserves over the years. We haven’t exactly quantified that for the market, but suffice to say that our 400% to 420% we believe is quite strong.
John C. R. Hele: Hi, Ryan. This is John again. We’ve changed it slightly sort of to optimize for the VACARVM and how it moves. But much of it remains the same with some regular delta hedging as well as some tail type hedging going on, on an ongoing basis. The overall cost of program has not materially changed. We fine tuned it as we have done continuously since the start of the program.
John C. R. Hele: Hi, Tom. As I said, we’ve got approximately $6.1 billion of cash at our holding companies and this is the amount that’s free and clear. We have not given what is capital or required capital or excess capital; because we really don't know what the binding capital rules will be on us. And so our strategy has been to be conservative when it comes to overall capital management and to have a good balance in cash at the holding companies.
John C. R. Hele: Well, prior to MetLife being, considered to being a SIFI, and now been a SIFI I believe sometime ago MetLife did give some numbers. But since we’ve been under a review and now that we’ve been picked, we’ve not given a target number because we really don’t know what the binding constraints will be, we don’t understand the capital rules. We of course do our own internal stress testing, and we have some number in mind. But to give you guidance on it would be misleading, because we just don’t know where it’s going to be. So, with regard to that we have just been conservative in how much we hold both thinking through a strong capitalized position within all of our insurance entities as well as having a strong cash position at the holding companies.
John C. R. Hele: What we share -- this is John with our fed regulator now all capital management actions we are planning to do, and we’re in active discussions with them at all times. So, if we were to at some point consider doing capital management actions we will be informing them.
John C. R. Hele: Hi, Erik, it’s John. So that number is total GAAP impact. It would include DAC. It would include any GAAP reserve strength in that might be required. Policy holder behavior is I don’t know how people annuitize more or less or enact their rights more or less depending upon where the 10 year treasury is. We haven’t seen any indication of that so far in our experience. So that’s something that we would just have to see how things develop on that. And we haven’t given more sensitivities to this than the two, it’s highly complex to do calculation and get all this done. We think this is pretty good disclosure giving you a sensitivity.
John C. R. Hele: Well clearly a big piece of our free cash flow comes in particular from our U.S. statutory entities, and the statutory accounting, the operating earnings is more sensitive to movements in interest rates due to derivative movements than say GAAP is. So, that does impact it. It impacts at the following year though, because our dividend capacity is based on your earnings in a year, and that’s how much you can take up the next year. So, it’s kind of a bit of a delayed item. So in any one year interest rate moves will have an impact on the following year. That’s why we give you a range around this, but over a two or three year period we believe these things average out. Once you have the derivative gain or loss, if rates stay the same then you don’t have that repeating. But as we’ve seen rates have gone up and gone down in the past few years. So, there’ll always be some fluctuation with regard to this and that’s why we give you a range.
John C. R. Hele: Right. As I said we are even with the reserved strengthening that we’ve taken due to low rates. We are still at the 45% to 55% for 2015.
John C. R. Hele: Hi, this is John. I’ll do reserves, and turn it over to Bill for the claims. So, we have a closed block of long-term care, and we in stat the reserves are significantly higher than the GAAP reserves due to conservatism typically from the New York accounting and how we have to abide for this. The stat reserves do not assume future rate increases other than what have been already approved in the states. The GAAP assume a best estimate where we do expect to get some rate increases, but it’s not really a very material amount compared to the enforced reserves from the rate increases. And we have reserve adequacy in both the stat and GAAP reserves as of year end 2014.
John C. R. Hele: Our GAAP reserves do assume a mean reversion, and the stat reserves of course are subject to cash flow testing that have a range of interest rates.
John C. R. Hele: Hi. This is, John, I’ll just answer that. Yes we had tried to give you some guidance that if rates stayed low for a long period of time that it would be slightly lower by 2016.
Steven Jeffrey Goulart: Tom, I think I’ve been pretty cautious right along. We didn’t engage in share repurchases for some time. Then given how long it took for the capital rules to come forward which they haven’t come forward yet. We decided to do a relatively conservative share repurchase program in 2014 of $1 billion, and we announced another $1 billion for 2015. The completion of that program will probably occur faster than we had anticipated when you put that program in place, because our share price had dropped in the marketplace or the drop in a 10 year treasury, and that accelerated our purchases because we kind of -- our purchases are based upon our view of value in the marketplace of our stock. So, I think it’s really consistent what we’ve been saying to you. I think its pretty consistent right along.
Steven Jeffrey Goulart: Suneet, my comments really were not MetLife specific. They were really more in terms of what investors should be thinking about in terms of return expectations by any asset class right now. I think people have now locked into certain numbers of ROE expectations for equities that may have made sense in a different environment than where we’re in today. If you have low interest rates for a long period of time, those expectations should come down. That was really my comment.
Steven Jeffrey Goulart: We said 12% to 14% in a normal 10 year treasury environment, and 4%, 4.5% treasury yield when there is 2% inflation which is the feds target. And I would say roughly 2.5% underlying real GDP growth would result in that kind of a level of a treasury. And then you expect something like 12% to 14% for MetLife, a large life insurance company with a diversified group of businesses, but still a large business in the United States which is a moderately growing market.
Steven Jeffrey Goulart: Hi, Eric. What we said is that we are going to remain cautious given the capital rules have not been drafted yet or issued by the fed. So, we have not completed the second $1 billion repurchase program. So we haven’t made a final determination. We’ll see when that program concludes, what we know more about the capital rules at that point in time. But I was signaling that we’re going to remain quite cautious here until the capital rules come out. And my best guess is those rules will not be out before the second program concludes.
Steven A. Kandarian: Yes, it would be everything in the U.S. with the exception of the XXX or AXXX life captives and -- well everything material there may be some immaterial little about there, but it’s everything that is material U.S. business.
Steven A. Kandarian: We do try to target about 400%, so that’s where we are. But we do also think about the strength of the overall balance sheets that we have in particular having the New York Company.
Steven A. Kandarian: Well, Nigel its -- so we are raising the underlying roll up rate from 4% to 5%, obviously on the 4% was our old [ph] GMIB and this is a withdrawal benefit. It does not -- we have not compromised the return on our variable annuity products. This product as you would hope meets our return expectations because there are a bunch of other features in the product which allow us to lower the capital charge, and so we’re excited about it. With the GMIB as you know there are, the policy holder has more choices about, what he wants to do. And of course we have to make assumptions about policy holder behavior and hedge accordingly, and that’s really not the case with the GMWB. There is less optionality in the product and therefore the hedging is much more straightforward. And so, and that contributes I think to the improvement in the return to lower capital allocation to the product.
Steven A. Kandarian: Hi, Seth. Well I’m sure our actuaries would love to give you all sorts of details on this. But for the second time, New York requires us to do cash flow testing separately for long-term care because it is a closed block, and that’s driving some of the numbers that I mentioned at our December outlook calls having to raise reserves due to the asset adequacy -- the reserve testing. But we do this across all of our businesses. We use the New York seven scenarios not only in all non New York companies, but even our life insurance captives, and that again -- I mentioned some more capital that we are putting up there for lower interest rates. We did use rates that were actually lower than where we saw year end 10 year treasuries. But it’s a little more complex than that because it’s not just a 10 year treasury it’s the shape of the yield curve and the reinvestment curve. And actually compared to few years ago we actually have a flatter curve, and the 30 year treasury is actually lower than we saw even a couple of years ago when we saw low interest rates prior. So that has impacted the asset testing because of these long dated contracts, it’s a very long reinvestment fund, so it does have an impact. So, as we mentioned, the testing that we’ve now just completed for yearend does reflect some more recent conditions, and it’s within the range that we had talked about in December.
