William J. Wheeler: Ryan, it's Bill Wheeler. So there's a lot of aspects to Health Care Reform, so I'd break it down in a couple of ways. One is we are -- our dental product is on a number of the state exchanges that are up now or selling now. Obviously, our sales there are pretty nominal. But -- and we have also put our products, not just dental but a broad array of products, on a number of private exchanges. I think we are up to 10 private exchanges. And our expectation has been for a number of years is that employers are going to start and employees are going to start using these exchanges to buy benefits and to give employees more choice in the type of voluntary worksite benefits they provide. And so a big strategy for us, which we've laid our previously, is to expand our product set and our enrollment capabilities in the voluntary worksite aspect of the business. And so we think that is a big opportunity for us and a big source of growth in our group area. Now I guess, I will also just say that the last thing that I think is happening right now is, of course, the Affordable Care Act is having a lot of difficulty, and I think one interesting aspect is I believe that you're going to see a lot of employees really start to value their employee benefits and the benefits they get from their employer and I think be -- and value them more highly. And I think in the long run, that's going to be a really good thing for our group business.
William J. Wheeler: Well, yes. So labels are -- let's be careful. So we definitely will be a bigger player in critical illness and accident and health products. But I would -- the true med supp kind of products, I don't think we're going to be entering.
William J. Wheeler: Chris, it's Bill again. Sure, I mean, I think we'll look at this transaction. I mean, this is -- and we obviously read that announcement with interest. And the devil's in the details and we will try to understand the details of that trade. Look, we always look at ways to manage our capacity and capital. But I think Steve made it pretty clear earlier in the call. We've -- we're going to rebalance the risk profile of MetLife, and that means we are going to stay in the variable annuity business, but we're going to run it a certain way. And I think that's -- and I think that way is working.
William J. Wheeler: Tom, it's Bill. Well, when we have a chance to reprice cases, we obviously look at the individual experience, and I'm there'll be some cases we'll reprice and raise prices. That's just the nature of the beast when the -- in the pricing cycle. But because the underwriting results were really about incidents, not -- or really about severity and not incidents, that kind of tells you it's more than likely more random and -- than expectations. And we do see this occasionally. I guess, we feel that -- and it was severity, higher severity in both group life and disability. So I think we feel that it's a sort of normal underwriting volatility if you will and doesn't cause us to think that we're going to have to significantly change our pricing expectations.
William J. Wheeler: Well, yes, with regard to pension closeouts, I don't think there's any doubt that the environment is getting better. And so -- and we see that in our, what I would call, our normal business, new business pipeline. It's growing. It's -- in terms of the amount of the transactions that are out there to do. But they're not jumbo deals. I mean, the jumbo deals are -- I mean, obviously, by their very nature, they're kind of one-off, and we don't have visibility on big jumbo deals right now. But I would say the more traditional smaller cases, the pipeline is large. And so we -- our expectation is, is that there's going to be more volume there.
William J. Wheeler: I think so. We're seeing a number of transactions. Sizes are getting a lot little bigger. There's clearly a lot of activity.
William J. Wheeler: Sure. So Corporate Benefit Funding, the liabilities are very long, and they're often fixed in terms of the interest rate assumptions that are embedded in the liability. So it's a very fixed-rate liability, and it's long. So the way the target investment portfolio there would have more variable investment income in it, more private equity investments, real estate, et cetera, so if those investments perform, which they have, obviously, and we've had outsized performance in that particular part of the portfolio, it will do well. The other thing, too, is the only place where -- so we have the ability to invest very long and obviously, match quite well, and I think that's why that portfolio holds up much better than others, which I think are shorter-term liabilities.
William J. Wheeler: Jimmy, it's Bill. With regard to Mexico, what's going on there is they -- the Mexican Congress has been going through a series of fiscal reforms or approving a series of fiscal reforms announced by the Mexican President, Peña Nieto. And I guess, I would say that we believe some of those changes with regard to taxes, we can mitigate. And some, we probably will not be able to. And the -- and so there are -- sort of our best guess, but we're not done with our work yet. Is it -- the impact might be $25 million after tax next year. And it's -- there's taxes on corporate income. There's taxes on dividends. There's other government programs with which we participate in that might be changed. So there's sort a package of things going on. And my guess is, is we'll give you a little more color on that in December.
Steven A. Kandarian: We really looked at all the literature that was written -- that has been written on this issue of giving earnings guidance. There's some literature that says you should give it. There's a lot of literature that says you shouldn't give it, and they give kind of the pros and cons and so on. But the bottom line really from our perspective was if earnings guidance really provides information that's useful in investors and analysts better understanding our business and earnings for the coming year, then we should give it. And our view was because of the capital market sensitivity of our overall business and the impact of things like the equity market returns, this wasn't all that useful to people to get our earnings guidance on a specific point or number for EPS in the coming year. We thought that if we gave you further information, more information on other parts of our business and sensitivities, that people could build their own models based upon their view of, let's say, what the S&P 500 will do next year or what interest rates will be or other factors that could influence the short-term earnings of MetLife. There is some literature that says that those who drop earnings guidance do so in some cases because their prospects aren't as bright as they had been or they're going through some transition in their business model. That is not the case for us. This really was a fresh look at should we give guidance or not give guidance as if we were just starting off as an IPO. Would you -- should you really do this in our business or not? We looked at our peers, like we said in the script earlier, that it's pretty split in the United States in terms of providing guidance in our industry. In Europe, most don't give guidance in our industry. And then other financial institutions, especially the larger banks that have the same kind of sensitivity to capital markets, virtually none of them give guidance. They give a lot of components that allowed people to come up with their own numbers. We just thought that was a better way to do it, and we thought if we were starting off today fresh, that's what we would do.
Steven A. Kandarian: We've read that rule as well, and that is our interpretation that designated non-bank SIFIs in the insurance space would not be subject to that rule. That's our interpretation of what we read. It's consistent with what you said. And in terms of what we should we interpret from that, I think it's a positive. I don't want to read too much into it, but clearly, regulators are looking at the differences in the business model of banking versus the business model of insurance. There are significant differences. Banks rely upon much more on short-term funding. They have more asset liability mismatches as part of their business model, and we rely upon largely longer-term funding sources. Overall, we match our assets and our liabilities and just kind of run on the bank issues that can exist in a crisis situation don't really apply to the insurance industries. I think there's becoming greater recognition of the differences in the business model between our 2 industries in Washington. And we worked hard as others have as well in the industry to try to provide insights and help in Washington in terms of understanding our business model, and we have to all acknowledge that insurance has been regulated now for decades at the state level, not the federal level. So they're starting from a point in terms of overseeing our industry that's fairly new for them. So it's understandable that there is kind of a education process going on. I think this is a positive sign, but again, I don't want to read too much into it.
Steven A. Kandarian: Suneet, Our goal is to increase dividends at a fairly steady pace over time along with our earnings. But as we've mentioned before, because of the uncertainty around regulation, we have to take into account whatever it is we learn from potential new capital rules that might apply to MetLife, in fact, into our consideration, in our judgment in terms of how to handle dividends going forward.
Steven A. Kandarian: Well, we're on track in terms of our strategy that we've outlined a number of times to you. In terms of specifics around guidance, we'll provide that shortly in the December call.
Steven A. Kandarian: I think you hit one of the items that is worth highlighting, Jimmy, which is sometimes, giving a point estimate, even a range for next year's earnings, can make management teams and companies focus too much on short-term results. So our goal here is to increase shareholder value over time, and when I say, over time, I don't mean over a decade. I mean, over the next few years. And we had to just make sure that, that's our focus as a company. We're going to give a lot of inputs for all of you in December on our investor day call to construct your own models in terms of your assumptions around interest rates, equity values for next year and so on, to create your own number that you come up with. But as we look back and we look at our own earnings guidance numbers over the last decade and sort of how close were we to what the actual results turned out to be, what did The Street come up with on their own after we adjusted of guidance. And we weren't that great in terms of predicting, frankly. So our view as we're spending way too much time on factors that really are not within our control, like equity values in the coming year and so on. And rather than have that be such a big piece of the conversation, let's kind of shift it to our business model, our strategy, the things that really matter, the sensitivity analysis that we go through. So I think you'll see in December, we're going to give you more information you've gotten before from us, but you're just not going to get a point estimate for next year's earnings.
John C. R. Hele: This assumption review, we included some GMWBs that we have and some LWG,, and we are now more experienced on those and looked at the lapses and installed a lapse function closer to what we did a year ago for the GMIBs. We didn't have enough experience on this block until this year on that block, and so it drove the same sort of structure where you saw more persistency expected over time, which drives higher core fees in the business. So you amortize over longer period of time, but then you have higher cost of the benefit below the line, which is where the fees, the rider fees for these benefits feed below the line into net income to match against the derivative hedging that we do against it. So we try to match the revenues in net income with the costs there, and that's why there's a higher net present value of future costs for those withdrawal benefit costs.
John C. R. Hele: No, I mean, this changes it a little bit, but in terms of the overall book, we view the new business as well priced. the older book needs capital and has a lower ROE than the new business. I would like to point out that in this whole assumption review across the U.S., there wasn't any change to our thinking of long-term interest rates, and we did adjust our maintenance expenses in the retail annuity business. We're a little lower. We've got a larger book, and that helped a little bit. The other major assumption that we haven't looked at yet that we spoke about at investor day is what we do with annuitization rates and we still -- although those are favorable, we haven't made any assumption changes on those yet. We're leaving that. We need some more time before we would think about changing those.
John C. R. Hele: We don't expect a dramatic change to the ongoing profits in Australia. That makes $20 million, $30 million a year. And we did a reserve charge on this business. This business has been around for a while. It's a rider to people's pension savings programs, and there's been an industry change in the incidents in this business. We only had a few cases, a handful of cases where we've had to adjust. And 2, in particular, drove most of the reserve change. We've done an extensive work on this. It's been reflected across the industry, and we set the reserves appropriately.
John C. R. Hele: I'm going to add to that because we have quite a deal of assets in here, we often use this for securities lending programs. And so far this year, we've had a pretty steep yield curve on the short end, and that's benefited the additional benefit we get from securities lending in this portfolio. So that's a function of just the very steep yield curve on the short -- on the very short end.
John C. R. Hele: We expect to be at the high end of our range we gave you on investor day. So you're pretty close there.
John C. R. Hele: No, there's -- no big -- there's some plusses and minuses always we have in cash in the company of this size, so it just -- it trends along. With dividends paying out, we have cash coming in. So it should end up to be at the high end of our range we had.
John C. R. Hele: Jimmy, this is John. So this has been an industry trend, and of course, some reinsurers who can see across the whole industry reacted last quarter. As I said, we only had a handful of cases, although they were larger cases where we've been looking at this trend. So we've studied it very carefully. We've benefited from speaking to the reinsurers and thinking about this across the board. We've done extensive studies on this, and we believe we're adequate -- adequately reserved. However, if things change again in the future, you can always -- you may have to relook at it again if trends change from where they are. But we believe we've captured the current trends underway in Australia, in this area.
