Steve Kandarian: Hi, Tom. Yes. There's legislation now proposed both in the House and the Senate and then there is Susan Collins from there's an amendment named in Dodd-Frank, which is Section 171 of Dodd-Frank was interpreted by the Federal Reserve as requiring them to use no less than bank standards for non-bank SIFI such as insurance companies. And there is now a bill that Susan Collins, Sherrod Brown and Mike Johanns in the Senate have coalesced behind S.2270. There is an identical bill now in the house HR 4510, again, bipartisan support by representatives Gary Miller and Carolyn McCarthy. That's all encouraging news, but of course, these be a vehicle by which this would turn into legislation not just a bill and to-date there has been resistance to any amendments to Dodd-Frank, a bill that's been promulgated now for four years this summer. So our hope is that there will be some softening of the position of not opening up Dodd-Frank for amendments. And it's not unusual for a very complex bill to have technical amendments after some period of time. And our hope is that Congress can find a way to navigate these issues and get these kinds of technical amendments or non-partisan, excuse me, bipartisan non-controversial through Congress and signed by the President. That's our hope and we're working hard to try to support those efforts. If such a bill were to pass, that would be very favorable news, but I don't want to over blow it either. All I would say is to the Fed that you're not constrained, you are hands are not tied in terms of opposing Basel rules on the insurance industry. It doesn't say what rules they would apply but presumably they would be more tailored to the insurance industry I think that certainly would be a net positive so that would be a positive piece of information that we certainly would take into account as we thought about capital management.
Steve Kandarian: I wouldn't phrase it that way. I think there would be positive news and certainly that we take that into account as we thought about capital management and that could have an impact upon how we would move forward.
Steve Kandarian: John, I think you raise a good point, which is we're in uncharted waters here. Dodd-Frank passed in 2010; implementation really is in the very early stages, everyone's learning how to work together both on regulatory side and in this case in the bank side. I think people are going through the learnings of all this. And I think as of now there's not a great deal of transparency in terms of how all these calculations get done on the regulatory side. So I think people are trying to figure out how to operate within that environment. And it's obviously been difficult in some cases and we're mindful of that. And we are certainly building out our capabilities in case we are designated a SIFI on a final basis and regulated by the Federal Reserve. So it is something that we've spent a great deal of time discussing internally at the management level with our Board. And we certainly are taking steps at MetLife to make sure that we are prepared going forward should we'd be finally designated as a SIFI.
Steve Kandarian: It was our intent when we issued those securities that we'll buy them back in the marketplace and we mentioned that before. And again, the capital considerations that we're analyzing, because of the uncertainty of the rules which are not yet in draft form for us to review has resulted in us to date not buying back those equity units. But certainly philosophically that is something that we had intended to do when we engaged in the Alico transaction back in 2010 and issued those securities.
Steve Kandarian: Hi, Mark. Well, I think you saw it with our dividend announcement. I think that's fairly aggressive increase in the dividend given that we had a large dividend increase one year earlier. And $1.40 a share for dividend for MetLife that translates to 2.7% yield, and roughly a 25% payout ratio. So I think you're seeing we're taking actions now that we think makes sense for us given the delay in the pronouncement of the draft rules of the Fed. And when we first engaged in this analysis and discussion internally two years ago or more, we anticipated that we would have greater clarity by now about capital rules. So as time goes on and cash accumulates in the company, if we're trying to find that right balance between making sure that we have adequate capital imposed rules by the Fed on one hand, if we're finally designated. And on the other hand making sure we're here to our philosophy of returning excess capital to our shareholders. So the dividend increase, I think is reflective of that consideration of the timing being pushed back and further accumulation of cash and again, you saw effectively another capital action back last year in the fall when we acquired ProVida for $2 billion in cash without issuing any shares in that acquisition. So we're trying to again strike that right balance. And certainly in terms of what we're thinking about in the future, we have to really look at all these things from a perspective of both timing, how much cash we're accumulating, merger and acquisition opportunities for us, acquisition opportunities for us and our dividend levels and so on. So everything is really kind of part of a more complex equation that we consider as we look at capital management.
Steve Kandarian: So Chris let me take the first part of your question regarding the capital treatment of VAs. Then I'll turn it over to Bill for the business discussion about our strategy going forward. Again, the rules are not written so we don't know exactly how the Fed will treat separate accounts. However, I'd say conversations we've been having with them and others in Washington are encouraging from the following perspective. I think they better understand today than they did a couple of years ago, how our business now differs from that of a bank. And I think they understand that the non-guarantee portion of VA is the true separate account component really it's not a risk to MetLife on its balance sheet. And banks don't have this separate account situation on their balance sheet. So there is even if the Collins amendment is not modified, I think an opportunity for the Fed to say bank rules just don't apply in this particular instance about separate accounts. So it is possible it's up to them obviously not me but it's possible for them to look at separate accounts and not assess significant capital charges or significant capital charges for the non-guarantee portion of that business for us. And there's no indication by them one way or the other, but I would simply say the conversations we've had indicate more and better understanding on their part about what the risks really are associated with that part of our balance sheet which is virtually zero, if it's someone else's money that has been accounted for in our balance sheet. So with that I'll turn it over to Bill for the business question.
Steve Kandarian: Eric, I think it's consistent with what our expectations are. But I also would point you to the my remarks a little bit earlier talking about essentially us pivoting from trying to get the risk profile of right of the company to now focusing on growth going forward. And I think that is – this is the right time for us to really think about those opportunities throughout MetLife's business platform, meaning through geographies, different products, and so on and to press on the issue of growth going forward. So we've spent the last roughly three years trying to make sure that we had a risk profile in the right place, the products designed the way that we felt offered good value to our customers on the one hand, but also a fair return to our shareholders on the other hand, and didn't result in significant fat-tail risk in the future. That was sort of step one of the strategy here, in step two now that we're pivoting to what is, is finding ways to further grow the business.
Bill Wheeler: Tom, hi, it's Bill Wheeler. So we ask ourselves that question when we have a quarter like this. We look at the claims and the data, our overall book, we look at, we always go back and look at the last five years or 10 years and say gee, am I missing a trend here, is there something I should be paranoid about in terms of our underwriting or pricing. So we examine this really carefully. And I think our conclusion after this quarter is, there isn't a trend, there isn't something that we need a deeper concern that we need to be worried about. What we saw was some increases in severity, both in the Individual Life block as well as Group Life. And maybe just a slight increase in frequency in Retail Life, which probably brought on by the weather. And we know that happen, right? We see quarters occasionally like this where you have a big pop in severity. And of course, this quarter in Retail Life, which wasn't very good, just remember the third and fourth quarter last year we're extraordinarily low in terms of mortality experience very good mortality experience. So I think we just have to appreciate that this can be a volatile business. And as Steve said in his prepared remarks, it doesn't mean, it's not a good business and with great returns on capital, but mortality over the short-term can be volatile and so you've just got to take a little longer term view.
Bill Wheeler: Eric, it's Bill. I would say that the answer is both. Remember, we talked a lot about our strategy of growing our group business, but going down marketing growing at what I would call the middle market. We have a very strong presence in the large company marketplace in the U.S. and going down market with what I would say our broad product offering, which means not only our base coverages, but also all our worksite products. And we're having a lot of success down there. So we have seen increased sales and I would say the middle market as well as strong worksite sales, and that's consistent with I think the strategy that we've laid out here in terms of shift to more protection product. And in terms of just that I would say the tone of pricing, the pricing environment is I would say relatively good. I mean the guys who run that business are always sort of flinch when I say that because they always feel there's somebody out there who has been a little aggressive. But I would say today the pricing environment is relatively attractive and for the worksite portion of the business we think it's quite attractive.
Bill Wheeler: Chris with regard to VA pricing and competitiveness, I know you know this, but obviously, you've seen a real hardening of that market in terms of product features and investment options and the roll-up rate is an important consideration, but it's really only one living benefit rider there is other things going on. And I think the other thing that's happened of course is, you've seen a lot of sales now much broader diverse group of sales where there is no living benefit rider where the main motivation is tax efficiency or other things. And so our plan going forward is really to pursue all those of avenues, not just oh, we got to have a more aggressive living benefit rider, it's we've got to make sure that we are in all the other kinds of variable annuity products to meet specific customer needs. And so when we talk about our strategy, that's a big piece of it. Now we're always looking at how we can change our living benefit rider and my guess is, we'll modify that as well but there is nothing to talk about at the moment. But that kind of gives you a little color on our thinking here.
Bill Wheeler: Well, I'll give you a little color on that, Chris. Our protection businesses, we're talking mid to high teens ROEs and they have always been that way honestly that's the – even in what I would say a tough underwriting period. And obviously Group is really the leader there and it's quite attractive ROE business. I would say the asset intensive businesses right now especially with the longer-term liability there go a long-term care and where there's been really low interest rates those ROEs are underperforming. And that's our challenge going forward as to – sort of work on the risk profile of those particular products, but at the same time grow the higher ROE business. And I would say obviously another factors in emerging markets ROE there is protracted this way.
Bill Wheeler: Well, the long-term-care block in and of itself isn't that big. So it's relative to the size of MetLife. So I'm sure that would be bps not full basis – full points. But, yes, I would say in general, sure, those bigger – those more asset intensive long guarantee businesses have the impact on the ROEs point.
Bill Wheeler: Yes. Eric, you broke up a little bit, but I think I got the gist of your question which is, group underwriting experience last year was a little soft and now we’ve had a soft quarter in the first quarter of 2014. How long until we feel better about it? There is, if you look back at our history especially in Group Life over time, in the first quarter we often run a mortality ratio of 90% plus, that’s not that uncommon. This was a little worse than that, obviously, and so I would see this, I kind of view the Group Life experience as really kind of a seasonal quarter, but a tough seasonal quarter, tougher than normal. In terms of the future, look, we – our expectation is that our underwriting, especially in Group Life should start, should revert to the mean in the second quarter. And if it doesn’t, that’ll be another data point, which would cause us concern. But that's our – that's why we kind of view this really as a blip, and there are definitely blips in these, in this experience, not a trend. So I – my expectation is, I should see improvement in the second quarter and if I don't I should be worried. And so that's kind of our feeling.
Bill Wheeler: I think if you think about the overall revenue of the business, yes, I'd say it's, I don't see this being a double-digit grower. Obviously, it somewhat depends on what's going on with the capital markets. But assuming those are benign, I don't expect it to be a double-digit grower.
Bill Wheeler: Well, I don't think we're – I think we’re a little ahead of ourselves in terms of kind of giving specific forecasts for 2015 yet. But, I think what we're trying to do is make sure it's clear that we're still committed to the annuity business.
