William J. Wheeler: Ryan, its Bill Wheeler. So we forecasted an improvement in underwriting results year-over-year, at '13 to '14, and we gave those guidance ranges for Group Life and Non-Medical Health. And my expect -- and obviously, Group Life this quarter reverted back to the middle of the guidance range. My expectation is that with Non-Medical Health, while it was at the top end and just above the top end of the guidance range of 77% to 82%, that it, too, will fall in the second half of the year and move back inside the guidance range. Will get all the way to the midpoint? I'm not sure yet, but I do expect the ratios to improve for the latter half of the year.
William J. Wheeler: Tom, it's Bill. I do think disability results will improve, even in the third and fourth quarter. Again, they probably won't get back to our original expectation that we laid out last December, though we didn't, obviously, mention disability specifically, but there -- but I do think disability will probably improve in the third and the fourth, mainly because of some IBNR reserves we put up in the first and second quarter, and those won't recur in the third and fourth quarter. And so given everything else, that should be see some improvement our way. But I don't -- but I think it's right that we -- in terms of the operational issue and then its impact on our financials, you won't see an improvement, really, in probably until 2015.
William J. Wheeler: Well, they weren't -- they don't -- they only -- they explain a part of the variance in our disability performance. There -- I would say if you think of the 3 -- the other reasons that Steve laid out with regard to claims severity and also our operational issue, there -- that would be the third to the 3 reasons.
William J. Wheeler: Sure. So corporate's a very hard thing to forecast, obviously, and there is a lot of pieces in there. This quarter we said was above what we think is a normal run rate. We had some onetime expenses with various cost-saving programs. We had a tax booking in there that was more a timing issue. So what I said in my text was that if you take the -- this quarter, the 2013 and the first quarter, adjusted of for notable items, we talked about in the first quarter, that would be $156 million and just sort of average that, within that would be the more appropriate sort of run rate.
William J. Wheeler: Yes, I would say that the environment is okay and it's constructive. I don't think it's -- I would not say it was very aggressive. Our sales levels in group have been good so far this season. And so -- and where we need to get renewal increases, we've been able to get them. So I think it's -- I would view the overall environment as pretty good.
William J. Wheeler: Sure, Seth. It's Bill again. So we obviously had very high reported sales growth, well north of 50%, or I think the number actually might have been close to 80% sales growth. But that was really driven by a very large government group contract in Mexico. If you just adjust for that and nothing else, then sales growth will look pretty flat. It increased 3% year-over-year. And so a couple of other data points I'd give you, because that's -- obviously, 3% is not our normal expectation, but we didn't try to kind of smooth sales for any other lumpy sales we might have had, either in this period or the year ago period. In the first quarter, for instance, we had sales growth year-over-year of 13%. And if you look at our revenue growth in Latin America year-over-year, it's obviously very good and even when you would take out things like Provida and adjust for currency, it's still double digit. And that's our expectation in terms of top line growth in Latin America, both sort of for sales and for revenues is that we would have double digit. And even though, this sales -- the quarter of this sales level was a little low, adjusted for the big contract, I think double digit is sort of the right level that we should get going forward.
William J. Wheeler: Joanne, it -- I wouldn't say there's a pricing issue per say, but we're obviously, at this renewal season, where we have cases that are underwater and not performing at expectations. We're seeking renewals that will alleviate that issue. And I would just say, in general, we are being more aggressive about disability pricing this sale season than we have been in recent years.
William J. Wheeler: Chris, it's Bill Wheeler. So we're engaged in a very big -- along with Principal and the other members of the industry down there, we're engaged in a big dialogue with the Chilean government. They've convened, I guess, I'd call it a blue ribbon panel of experts, both Chileans and from then the rest of the world, to study issues regarding the pension system there, which has really been a success, but they're looking for ways to make it better. And do things like improved coverage and making sure that all members of Chilean society participate and things like that. And so this blue ribbon panel is in the middle of -- they're holding hearings. We've recently testified before the panel, giving our opinion about what should happen. And what we think is -- it works and needs to improve. And I think Principal did too, as well as other members of the industry, they're going to release a report in the fall sort of with sort of observations. And then in January, the expectation is that they will then release the report with recommendations, which will form the basis of what the government might do in terms of making changes to the pension system. So I think it's a thoughtful process, and I think the Bachelet government, based on the discussions we've had with them are, they want to make sure that the pension system continues to be successful, but they at the same time, want to make sure that there are improvements. I would not call this the Bachelet government's highest priority in terms of what they want to get through legislatively. They have a number of other agenda items they want to work on. So I don't -- this isn't a centerpiece of what they're focused on, but it's -- that's the process that's going on.
Steven A. Kandarian: Ryan, this is Steve. I think those proposed rules are encouraging, they reflect the insurance business model and they dealt with the basic capital requirements that IAIS was proposing. And our hope is that, that approach is taken up as well in the United States, in terms of putting together an approach that provides the right kind of capital standards for insurance companies using an insurance framework, not a bank framework. However, I think we still caution people that there are other aspects to this kind of capital regime that is being -- which is evolving right now. And there are these higher loss absorbency standards that will apply for globally, systemically important insurers. And we haven't really seen a lot on that yet, so really more to come.
Steven A. Kandarian: Sure, Nigel. So a little color on Latin America in terms of the underperformance. So as John Hele mentioned, we had both relatively weak underwriting in our Mexican worksite marketing business. Now this is a business we've obviously been running for a long time, and it's actually very steady. But we do see some movement in volatility and mortality volatility. And we had a blip up this quarter. So that obviously was a big portion of the difference versus expectations. As I think, it was also mentioned, we had a -- just a group of, I would say, smaller onetime adjustments, things like a reinsurance true up, a litigation reserve. In total, they would have been something in the order of $10 million to $15 million after-tax in terms of results. So I think when you kind of reflect both of those variances in the quarter, you realize that otherwise Latin America had a relatively good quarter or a quarter of near expectations. And obviously, a part -- a big part of that is Provida, and Provida obviously is doing very well and had a very, I don't know if I would -- how unusual I would call it, but certainly a strong quarter with regard to encaje performance.
Steven A. Kandarian: John, it's Steve. Dodd-Frank does limit the use by the Fed of third party rating agencies. We do think that risk rating of assets is likely to be part of the model they use when they regulate insurance companies. And we think there will be some sort of a workaround. The banks have internal rating systems. The Basel Committee is looking now at harmonizing these kind of systems across the bank regulatory regimes. And I think there will be an evolution in this area that will occur over some period of time that will take into effect the risk weighting of assets. It will surprise me if regulators didn't take into effect, as they regulated entities for soundness and safety, the riskiness of the assets that they were holding. So I think there will be some way to address this issue that was raised in the article you noted.
Steven A. Kandarian: Sure, Randy. So we manage group disability claims out of 4 locations. And there -- and in one of our offices, we've seen a real slip in, and I would see our claims management metrics. And we feel that this is operationally driven, not underwriting driven or anything else. And so what we've done is we've brought in our best claims management people in the company, change the managerial structure there. And I think we're just going to -- you're going to see a focus in terms of our procedures regarding claims management over the next 6 months. We -- it's a manageable issue, and our expectation is that it can be adjusted pretty quickly.
Steven A. Kandarian: Randy, as you know, we were cautious and remain cautious in terms of capital management, because of the uncertainty. And we give -- the reasoning behind the program we have currently, the $1 billion, which we think is a modest program, because of the delay in both the ruling around designation in MetLife potentially as a nonbank SIFI and also seeing a draft of the rules. And at this point, we really can't say much more because we, again, have not seen the rules. We've not been designated as of yet. And until we have more information, it's been difficult for us to answer that question. I will simply say that as I noted in my prepared remarks, returning capital to shareholders is a high priority for us. We had to do that consistent with the regulatory environment in which we find ourselves. And as we learn more about that, we'll have more to say.
John C. R. Hele: This is John. According to long-term care, we've not seeing any major changes other than what we've been expecting, as we have seen an increase in earnings, and we are getting the rate increases that we had assumed generally that we had hope to get. We don't get it in every state, but it is according to our plans that we've laid out so far. And so it's really where we had expected it to be.
John C. R. Hele: Joanne, this is John. So within some of these numbers are some of our costs for this. Right now, of course, we're still in stage 3 with the FSOC and they've asked us for a lot of information. We've been providing that to them. But that's really the extent of it. We have a lot of planning underway, of course, if we are named, but it's still early days right now for us to really understand the true cost impact over time. We also have costs in there for FATCA and some other renew regulations that are taking effect right now as well. But so it's -- it is included, but as I said, the $213 million this quarter is above our normal -- our current running rate for this year.
John C. R. Hele: We're taking a wide range of thought into consideration. It is unclear as to how much regulatory burden it will be for insurers, compared to some banks. I mean, we're in different businesses. It's different, I think, for banks even if you're in retail versus wholesale, and it varies from bank to bank and from place to place. So it's still a learning experience, I think, for all insurers who are SIFIs or who maybe designated as SIFIs.
John C. R. Hele: Joanne, this is John. In our last call, we had -- I had mentioned that we were putting through selective price increases in the disability line.
John C. R. Hele: Well, I would -- I think your calculations seem to be correct. It's within the range. It's why we gave a large range. Corporate and Other does vary from quarter-to-quarter, from year-to-year. And it is the total inclusive of all the expenses and information that we put into Corporate. So the answer is yes.
John C. R. Hele: Yes. So some of the businesses actually from ALICO are driven on a -- reporting on a lag, a 1 month lag there. It's small. It's immaterial for the whole group. We are working to move these through. And we have seen it here in EMEA, this quarter has a $5 million benefit, and we expect the benefit in the next few quarters as we take more countries in EMEA off the lag.
John C. R. Hele: These ones are small. So they're just -- it just flows through operating earnings, because it's immaterial to the whole company. The one remaining group that does -- or was still -- is still on a 1 month lag is Japan. We expect that would be off for 2016, but that will flow through the balance sheet, that change, because it's a large amount.
John C. R. Hele: Well, I think our sensitivity, we published in the 10-K, was 2.5% flat for the year and rates weren't 2.5 on average in the first quarter. They were a little above that. And so it wasn't quite as bad as we had put in our sensitivity.
John C. R. Hele: Well, this is John. We have our own internal stress testing system that we run from a government's point of view. We used to have to provide this information when we were governed under the New York Fed, when we had a bank. We don't have a bank anymore. We don't provide anything to them. Basel I calculations don't make any sense for an insurance company, and nor that Basel I is even used anymore. So we have our own internal system, but we've not done things that are in sort of a bank sense for the Basel III. And we don't know what the capital rules will be, that the Federal Reserve will be introducing, nor when they might introduce them. So we will have to wait and see when they come up with something. Obviously, if we become a SIFI, we will start to do those calculations and see how all that works out, but it's still too -- way too early to understand what's going on there.
