Michel Khalaf: Yeah. Hi, Erik, Michel. So let me start by just reiterating and you have heard me say this many times that, we believe excess capital above and beyond what’s required to fund organic growth belongs to our shareholders and we would use it for share repurchases, common dividends and strategic acquisitions that clearer risk adjusted hurdle rate. So no change there and that’s why we also announced in December that our Board has approved a new 3 billion buyback authorization. We repurchased 571 million of MetLife shares in the fourth quarter. In total for the year, we repurchased approximately 1.2 billion, and so far in 2021, we have repurchase another 434 million shares. So we still have roughly 2.4 billion remaining on our current authorization. We would expect to complete the new 3 billion authorization in 2021. And look, I think, we have also built a track record here of being deliberate in how we manage capital. So expect that to once we complete the current authorization, we will review assess the environment and then we would have a discussion with our Board about potentially a new authorization. So I hope that gives you a bit of color in terms of how we would sort of use the proceeds.
Michel Khalaf: Yeah. Hi, Andrew. It’s Michel. Let me start and then John will talk to you about Holdings. What I would -- let me start by saying that, we are quite happy pleased with our portfolio of businesses. We don’t see -- I don’t see any major gaps there. We look at M&A as sort of a strategic capability here. But we also have an approach -- a global consistent approach in how we look at M&A opportunities from a strategic set perspective. They -- those opportunities would need to earn more than their cost of capital. We also look at potential M&A in terms of it being more attractive than share. And we also seek to sort of achieve a healthy balance between returning capital to our shareholders and investing in attractive future growth through M&A. So that’s really the approach here. But if you were to ask me about sort of any gaps that we see, I would say, we don’t see any major gaps in terms of our portfolio of businesses. And let me turn it over to John.
Michel Khalaf: Good morning, Jimmy. So, first, yes, that’s the case for the fourth quarter. I mean, if you look full year, I think, they are much more aligned and that’s been the case now for some time. So we are going to see volatility on a quarterly basis and that should not be a surprise. But, yeah, it is part of our hedging program. Obviously, we put some of that mark-to-market non-cash time horizon below the line, just because the -- what we are hedging doesn’t move in the same direction, so it could be confusing otherwise. And yeah, I think, as markets rise and you saw equity markets rise significantly, you can think that’s where predominant level of our losses came. Also interest rates rose, so that’s another place. So I would say as expected would be the punch line for us and very pleased with how it’s performed so far.
Michel Khalaf: Yeah. And I will just say, as I said broadly speaking, I think, how that rolls out across the US. .and Latin America, TBD. But, so the there still remains quite a bit of uncertainty. Maybe I will turn it over to Eric.
John McCallion: Good morning, Erik. It’s John. Look, I think that we have had some strong performance in 2020 to -- and we should recognize that VIII obviously came in very strong. We have also had -- we have had some kind of one-time pops, I will say, and we talked about this in the third quarter from things like we had some higher prepayment activity on some RMBS securities that were purchased at a discount several years ago. We actually saw that continue into the fourth quarter. So all-in-all, the way we see it is, we are able to maintain spreads despite the low rate environment. I think it’s -- we are not immune to low rates, but I think we have a number of diverse set of products and businesses that where some perform well and low rates. And others, quite honestly, there is some roll-off reinvest risk. So all-in-all, we are very pleased to be able to maintain the spread guidance that we gave a year ago and I think we are happy with the outlook.
John McCallion: Good morning, Andrew. Yeah. I would say that there is not a lot to update on relative to what back in the third quarter. Obviously, as I mentioned then, we do see that there’s kind of a supply of capital out there that’s starting to pick up. I think that’s a good thing. Obviously rates rising is a good thing. And as I said before, part of our process in holdings is, we take a third-party external perspective of this business. We are working through different combinations, ideas, to think about how do we optimize and optimization can be how do we do things better internally to manage this business, as well as look for ways that there might be kind of a value enhancing transaction for us and for someone else. But no one transaction can be replicated. I think that’s certainly one thing we have all learned. I think everyone has a unique situation and so we are working through -- we worked through our own and see if we can find an optimal solution. But we don’t have to do anything. I think that’s important. We have some pretty, I’d say, best-in-class capabilities to manage the run-off, but nonetheless, we continue to take a third-party and external perspective.
John McCallion: Yeah. It’s tough, Andrew, to really handicap that at this point. I mean, it’s -- certainly we saw across, I’d say, all key trends there was some favorability in LTC this quarter and that’s probably the first quarter where we had kind of all drivers claim insurance was down, higher claim in policy termination rates, average claims size was a little lower. So -- we did see that. We still believe at this juncture and our long-term view is this is an aberration and a short short-term aberration that will revert back to trend. But I think it’s something that we will need to monitor closely and continue evaluate as more data comes available.
John McCallion: I would say we always contemplate updating our ALM and hedging across all portfolios, not just LTC. It’s a -- it’s proven to be a very valuable tool to constantly evaluate, look at different opportunities, develop the play books, be ready when things change, not reactive but proactive. So we would obviously consider that. Now, as you said, we are well-hedged from an interest rate perspective in LTC. Also there’s just some inherent natural offsets in Long Term Care. So it depends what drives rates up, right? So you talked about inflation, you got to be careful about inflation, when it comes to Long Term Care, because that can have an offsetting effect. That can also help mitigate sometimes when rates get low. So all those things have to be considered.
John McCallion: Hey, Ryan. It’s John. So, as you mentioned, we said in our outlook that, we are comfortable with migrating back to the target of 12% to 14%. As I mentioned in my opening remarks a few things, for certainly next year and to some degree into 2022, the low interest rate environment and the impact from the sale of the P&C and related realized gain that will put pressure on ROE. But we do see an upward trajectory, given our current business mix, our growth outlook, our diverse set of investment capabilities, the returns that we have been generating on new business in the current environment. And then, lastly, the deployment of some excess capital. I think all of those things get you to migrate up and suggest that based on the current macro outlook for us achieving, probably, the lower end of that range, but nonetheless, in the range.
John McCallion: Yeah. I would just remind you, Ryan, the reason that we were able do that is, because services were not available. Dentists’ offices were closed. We don’t forecast that will be the case in 2021. So we will not expect the need or the requirement to set up an unearned premium reserve for that.
John McCallion: So, Nigel, it’s John. Maybe I will start and if Steve wants to dive in on the credit outlook, I will let him do that. So, just as you said on our free cash flow outlook and just to help reconcile and reiterate some of the things I just -- I said in my opening remarks. We gave a scenario back in Q1 that assumed an extension really of the March 31st macroeconomic conditions. And then Steve articulated in that call, some assumptions around credit losses and downgrades. So what’s different, right? As we said, market conditions have improved. Interest rates are higher. Equity and credit markets are resilient. And as a result, we have seen limited credit losses with the portfolio. And it’s -- but notwithstanding the fact that, environment remains uncertain here. So that’s kind of one. The other thing is, we have gone through as a result of those macro factors and kind of completing our year-end cash flow testing requirements and the final update for our VA principal based reserving in New York, and as a result, we expect our combined NAIC RBC ratio to remain above our target. And again, I’d just say, that’s a real testament to the team’s approach and proactive approach to AUM and hedging. So, therefore, we -- our outlook for our cash flow guidance stays intact. So, maybe, Steve, can give some more on credit outlook.
John McCallion: Yeah. And we have Eric Clurfain who took over as Head of LatAm effective January 1st with us, so he can provide some more color.
