John C. R. Hele: Hi, Jimmy. This is John. In terms of the statutory reserves, you saw there was a small release. Statutory capital, which is at CT90, has a slightly smaller change, but that – the companies have good RBCs right now for that. I'd like to just caution that changes to statutory reserves are not the true determinant of overall capital. There's a variety of factors and looking forward, when Brighthouse is separated, it'll be a standalone company, not part of a broader diversified MetLife. So those will have to be – as we file our S-1 or Form 10, you'll see more details as to the capitalization of Brighthouse as a standalone company. In terms of the earnings power, the earnings power is operating earnings and those are based on the fees of the base benefits. And we see fees sort of leveling off a bit here. You saw us report on the statutory that the VA fees are sort of leveling off because the total balances we're seeing some negative flows. So I think you'll see that staying more steady going forward.
John C. R. Hele: It's a great question, but it's very difficult to do because we have changed several assumptions, so if you lower annuitization which we did and increase dollar-for-dollar, that's assumption of what people are doing, but then the accounting changes it as well. And so it's interrelations between all these the actuaries, call it, the cross effect and it's a pretty big number. So if I give you one piece but there's a big cross effect in how they all add up and we can't reattribute the cross effect to it. So it's a little misleading to just look at one piece of it. They're all interrelated as you do all of these, and so in the end, it's really the total number that we have to communicate.
John C. R. Hele: But you can see the increase to the FAS 133 reserves. It's a significant increase and it's most of that $1.5 billion.
John C. R. Hele: So, we lowered the number that take annuitizations based on our experience and increased – particularly at older ages, we're seeing more people taking dollar-for-dollar, and in particular in qualified plans. Now, how these things interact with each other depend upon the future fund performance and where interest rates are. So you could see under GAAP, which for dollar-for-dollar used the fair value accounting which assumes much lower returns for separate accounts and interest rates. There's a cost to that. Whereas in statutory, which assumes a mean reversion of interest rates and separate our account returns that are reflecting equity markets that are in, say and call it, more normal, is actually a decrease in reserve. So there's a switch-over point here between what happens to economic assumptions between the ultimate costs of these. And why is that? Well, the dollar-for-dollar becomes a cost if you run out of money in your account and then you trigger the guarantee. If you have okay investment performance, you may not trigger the guarantee. You'll have enough money in your account for a long period of time. If your separate accounts are earning 1.36%, you're going to run out of money and you have more people triggering the guarantees. So it's a combination of these two. And where all this ends up will likely be some place in between these. So it'll depend upon what policyholders do as well as what equity markets are and what interest rates are.
John C. R. Hele: We did accelerate not only the policyholder behavior review, but also the economic assumption review, and the risk margin review for the VA business, which is a very large book-of-business relative to the total risk profile of MetLife. The other reviews that we do every year on mortality and morbidity and the other blocks of business will just have to wait until we get there. But if you look back over MetLife's history, those tend to be more modest.
John C. R. Hele: Well, there will be two things going on in the third quarter just to clarify. There will be our annual assumption review for other than variable annuities and then there's the re-segmentation. And both can have an impact, as I've said historically, MetLife other than for variability annuities, the assumption review has been more modest. And the re-segmentation we've highlighted for you what we've seen already in terms of the re-segmentation of the diversification for universal life and variable life not having the diversification credit across all of MetLife. And we will be checking our goodwill in the third quarter, but I can't give you any insight into that until we get all that work done.
John C. R. Hele: Yes, I did say that we expect there could be some ongoing impacts, but we won't be able to clarify that for you until we get to the third quarter.
John C. R. Hele: Yes. Ryan, there will be investments. We are still working out the details of those and as we develop our plans in more detail, we'll share with you really the net impacts. By the time we get to 2019, we expect almost all that to be falling through to the bottom line. But there will be investments. We did the $1 billion saves in 2012 and there was a lot of reorganizing that this next set will be really quite a structural and an investment in processing and efficiencies such as you saw the CSC announcement that we did. So this next $1 billion will take some investment to get the long-term cost saves but we do plan to have this flow through to the bottom line end of 2019 run rate, which will be 2020 going forward.
John C. R. Hele: Yeah, so this quarter was higher. We had lower VII which impacted it, just happened to be the assets that were there. The alternative investments were lower. And then taxes had an impact in the quarter there. Corporate is used to level out taxes for the year and we had to take a charge to level out the tax rate for the year. So those are more one-time.
John C. R. Hele: Okay. So, although it does vary by contract, the GMIB has, after a 10-year waiting period, the ability to take your balance and get an annuity to be paid for life, based on your benefit base, not on your account balance. And you get the greater of current annuity rates or guarantees of annuity rates that do have a setback in. And that's with a benefit base or your current account balance at current annuity rates. But you can also then, for many of the contracts, not take that option and instead elect dollar-for-dollar, which is almost like a WB benefit for life. And if you run out of your dollar-for-dollar money by taking up to your percentage allowed, if your account balance is zero, then you get an annuity for life. So that almost gives you the same thing, and we're seeing less people take annuitization options and more people elect dollar-for-dollar, particularly as they age and more in qualified plans. There's another feature that I spoke about that allows sort of a refund of your initial premiums paid, the first, I think, 120 days. We call it the (52:39) principal option. You can surrender your rider and get this top-off of money to be your premiums paid, but you lose then your other benefits of the other rider features for it. And then, you can always surrender your contract for cash at any time. There's no waiting period, but you have a surrender charge for the first typically five years to seven years, depending upon the contract.
John C. R. Hele: Within the cohorts that were being modeled before, there was a much wider variation than the average within the cohort. So, although there was an average amount of premiums paid within a group, there was a much bigger percentage of people paying the minimum, versus people paying a higher amount. And so we were underestimating the number of policyholders that will trigger the guarantees, and then trigger them sooner. So it's just a wider dispersion. But if you're going policy-by-policy, it came out to be a more precise calculation than the average way that was being done previously.
John C. R. Hele: In terms of – to put the charge into perspective, the universal life piece of the charge, the $257 million was about $200 million, and that's about 1.6% of the total reserves for universal life with (54:53) guarantees. It's about $12.5 billion. So it is a true-up of reserves. It's a better method to calculate it, which we do from time to time. But in terms of perspective, it's not that material of a change.
John C. R. Hele: No. This is one of the biggest and most complex areas. And of course, lower interest rates has made this a larger reserve needed as universal life with lifetime secondary guarantees. Lower rates have made these contracts to be more valuable to their customers and therefore, we've had to increase the reserves on them.
John C. R. Hele: Right. Well, we're seeing less people annuitize. If you annuitize, you don't pick dollar-for-dollar. So less people annuitize, more people pick dollar-for-dollar. But the actual calculations are highly complex. We run tens of thousands of runs over a wide range of scenarios. So when you talk about these interest rates, these are the average interest rates, both even in STAT and GAAP. It's just the mean of those interest rates in STAT reverts to roughly this 4.25% in 2027, whereas the GAAP piece, if you pick dollar-for-dollar, a piece of your risk, the guaranteed piece, the certain period of your annuity, has to be reserved under GAAP using like a mean reversion interest rate of 1.36%.
John C. R. Hele: It's a very wide difference, including a separate account returns. I want to stress, that's a separate account return before fees. So you're generally having negative returns in your separate accounts. You can see how that can have a high cost to this. If interest rates migrate higher, and you have to mark this every quarter to the current yield curve. As interest rates go up, this charge becomes less as you go through time. So I actually wanted to give you the wide range of the changes because what the ultimate cost of these things will be will depend on interest rates and what policyholders do. I would also like to stress, this is over a long period of time. Our average age of these contracts is in the 60s and people elect these options well into their 80s and higher. So these are long-term contracts and how this works out over time will be the ultimate cost, but we do match this to our experience and we do it on a regular basis as we get credible experience. And we now have a new industry study that we just got that had some good credible experience for GMIBs, and that's why we set our reserves appropriately.
Steven Albert Kandarian: As I mentioned in my remarks – it's Steve here – our first order of business is to work on the separation and make sure we have a clear understanding about capitalization of Brighthouse, the form of the separation. Once we get through that, we will focus on the issue of how we'll use any remaining excess capital. So we are not at that point yet, where we can really speak to when share repurchases may begin.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Our philosophy hasn't changed. Our accelerating value initiative is based upon driving up, among other things, the ratio of free cash flow to total operating earnings, and we think this separation plan, as well as expense initiative that we just announced, goes to that as well. And we've also said philosophically many times that excess capital belongs to our shareholders, that's in the form of dividends, share repurchases and any acquisitions that make strategic sense that are accretive to shareholders over time.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Suneet, the things you've heard about over the last couple quarters, including the separation of the U.S. Retail business, as well as the expense initiative that we just announced, are all related to driving that ROE number back up to a range that we like to see it at.
