John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yeah, sure. Hey, Ryan. So, let me just back up. On the outlook call, we indicated that a 10-basis point move would have a $5 million to $10 million impact on earnings. So, since that time, two things have happened. So, first, the three-month LIBOR has risen probably 60 basis points or 70 basis points above our expectations. It's actually up like 90 basis points year-to-date. And so, we did have some out-of-the-money caps that are now in the money. So, that's one. The second thing I would also emphasize is there were certain management actions that we took on the liability side to reduce the exposure to our – to kind of the floating rate liabilities. So, that also had a modest improvement relative to the guidance. So, as a result, I'd say it's temporarily neutralized at this level of rates. I say temporarily because, as you point out, these caps will gradually roll off to the latter half of this year and into 2019. So, ex these actions and the caps, we think the sensitivity holds, but LIBOR has obviously increased outside of our expectations. So, right now through the rest of this year, I would say at these levels we are less sensitive than previously disclosed. And I think what we'll do is we'll try to give you a more holistic update on the next outlook call.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Sure. So, let me just start with a high level – a few high-level comments. So, first, yeah, we will be – we're starting our annual assumption view now. That takes place in the third quarter. So, as we speak, it's underway. And we'll obviously share the results when we get there. I think until then, let me give you some additional color and maybe some guardrails. So, reminders, we have roughly $14.5 billion of statutory reserves. In there, we do not assume any rate increases and we do not assume morbidity improvement. So, that's on the statutory side. For GAAP, we do assume some planned rate increases, but it's really over a short period of time and it's based on our experience to-date. As a reminder, we had roughly 7% rate increase off of 2017. On the premium that we got the rate increase, it was roughly 20% increases on – it was about $250 million of the $750 million of premium we had. So, I think from a GAAP perspective, we would track similar way. We're tracking that way in 2018 to similar levels. Regarding morbidity for GAAP. We do include some assumptions for morbidity improvement. It's on roughly 20% of our long-term care block. So, if we were to eliminate that assumption, we would not incur an LTC charge. It would get absorbed by our loss recognition testing margin and we'd probably still have some left pretty significantly after that. So, hopefully, that gives you a little color.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Tom, it's John. I would say, we are normal course. We annually test our assumption rigorously, so we have in the past. We continue to do so and we will in the third quarter. I don't see anything changing in how we do things. So...
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yeah. I think I will just go back to maybe the risk profile that we articulated, I mean, over the last few quarters, right? So, I think part of it is when we exited, we exited in 2010. I think we have a – if you think about our block, it's pretty high percentage. Almost 40% of that block is in the Group space, which is generally the lower ages, smaller policies, less generous provisions than the individual. We've been doing a lot on getting premiums in. We've taken rate actions. We started early. I think that's a big component of that. We have $750 million of premium coming in and we'd be getting rate increases and we're halfway through the actuarial justified rate increases. So, I think it's a combination of risk profile coupled with, I'd say, management actions that have occurred.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yeah, sure, Andrew. So, couple things I would just note to help with the trajectory comment. Don't forget, if you went backwards, we have the strand came in. So, that kind of offset some of the saves that we would have otherwise seen. So, I think the trend will look better if we normalize for the strand. That's one. Two, just to edit one thing you said, the 40 basis points is combination of two things. It's the extra cost we have for remediating the material weaknesses coupled with our growth in the investment management business, which is high-returning business but has a higher expense ratio. So, we are – but that doesn't change our commitment. We're still committed to getting 200 basis points. I think I will go back to Steve's comments to assure you that we feel very comfortable about achieving that by 2020. This is a bigger exercise than just a cost exercise. This is a transformational exercise. We are investing for not – for this just to be completed by 2020, but investing so this is an ongoing platform that we can leverage for growth. And so I think some of it will kind of start to trend in into 2019 and 2020 at a better clip. But a lot of this right now we're doing a lot of the investment now that will translate into the saves in the future.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: I would just add, Andrew, just also if you think to the mix of business there a little bit. So, we're shifting quite a bit to the foreign currency denominated to FAS 97-type product. So, it's fee oriented as opposed to premium. So, we're seeing great growth there I think as Steve talked about. But you may not see it just in the premium line, but we're seeing it through margin.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yeah, Jimmy in terms of stat reserves, we are comfortable at the present time. We're going through the assumption review as I said in the third quarter. But right now, there's no reason to believe or there's any concerns for changing our capital management plans.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yeah, I would just add, John, that I think it's probably always relative to expectations here, right? I mean – so, we did. We are starting – seeing a benefit from the rate environment and we've seen some benefits for some of the things I talked about earlier in RIS. We saw some initiatives in Asia that have helped us. So, I think it depends a little bit where you're referencing, but those are probably the two largest businesses seeing the benefit of some investment margin.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yes. So, it's 15.4%, but there's a one-time charge – or, sorry, benefit coming through in Corporate & Other relates to this one-time transfer that we had of some assets from a foreign subsidiary to U.S. parent really our effort to simplify some structure and it's just a release of an accrual that we had up in GAAP.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Those are – what we said there was really just some one-time items. It wasn't tax related. Half of it is – actually, it just – that region got allocated a higher level of VII this quarter. The other half, I would kind of put into campus and reserve refinements.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yeah, I don't think we're going to go through that right now. Just I think we're going to – obviously, we're going through our annual assumption review and that's not something we would disclose at this time.
Michel A. Khalaf: Yeah. Hi, Erik. This is Michel. So, we continue to find the market opportunity attractive with a good pipeline. Last year was a record year for us from a PRT standpoint. This year, obviously, with the FedEx deal, we'll exceed that. So, we – I think we continue to be active. We continue to see opportunity on the market. Our approach is consistent in terms of balancing growth with the efficient use of capital, also considering alternative uses of capital. So, we'll remain disciplined and consider the risk and pricing parameters for each deal, but we do think that the market opportunity continues to be attractive.
Michel A. Khalaf: And for EMEA, this is Michel, Jimmy. A couple of comments. One is keep in mind that our sales figure is influenced by the exit from the UK Wealth Management business last year. If you adjust for that, our sales are up 1%. That's still below the level that we'd expect for EMEA. The main driver for that is the increasingly competitive pricing environment in the Gulf on the Group Medical business in particular. The margins are (42:12) on this business and we're holding firm on pricing and that's having an impact on our sales.
Michel A. Khalaf: Yeah. Hi, Larry. This is Michel. So, on auto, I think we've seen loss trends that are more favorable generally speaking in recent quarters especially compared to 2015 and 2016. We think this is due to a number of factors, mainly the miles driven, which seemed to have flattened after several years of increase. I think this is reflected in the industry. If you look at rate taking, I think it slowed down. We had taken aggressive action from late 2016 onwards above industry level rate action. I think that's reflected in some of the improvement that you see in our auto loss ratios. We think that going forward our rate action would be more in line with industry. And on the cat front, again we had taken a number of management actions mostly focused on reducing and lessening our exposure to areas where historically we had seen significant cat activity. And I think we see the benefit of that. If we compare our second quarter cats for this year compared to last year on a pre-tax basis, they were better by $19 million. So, I think that's reflective of some of the action that we've taken.
Michel A. Khalaf: There are certain geographies where we were experiencing a high level of cat losses. Dallas-Fort Worth, for example, Colorado. So, we've taken action to – but not limited to those states, but we've certainly taken action to lessen exposure in those areas.
Steven Jeffrey Goulart: Hi. It's Steve Goulart. The best answer is no. I mean, I think just go back to Steve's comments. I don't think we're sounding any alarm bells. But we're basically saying, hey, our job's getting tougher in this environment. But remember, we're investing billions of dollars a quarter and we're still finding sound, attractive investment alternatives. It's just that market conditions remain tight. Market structure is different than it was years ago. So, we're spending more time just thinking about what happens in the next downturn and how do we position ourselves when we think it's coming. But we're still finding plenty of attractive investments. We are cautious, as Steve mentioned, on certain sectors. But I think our motto, I quote, one of my favorite investors who says, we're still in an environment of move forward with caution.
Steven Jeffrey Goulart: Well, I think if we go back to our outlook call, Andrew, I think we're still in line with our expectations there and very comfortable with that. Japan actually continue to be very strong. We talked about that. And we're also seeing strong growth in other markets. Remember, it's a portfolio of 10 different countries. They're not all going to perform the exact same at any point in time. But basically, that strong sales growth in certain other markets slower growth given some of the environment, including some regulatory changes in different markets. But all in all, I think we're still expecting – what we've seen is building momentum in the second quarter and we're very comfortable with what we've said for outlook call expectations.
Steven Jeffrey Goulart: Hi, Jimmy, it's Steve Goulart again. Just sort of picking upon what I just commented on really, again, there were markets outside Japan where we did see slower sales growth. But when I think about why that happened, I mentioned we saw regulatory changes in certain markets. We've been really sort of rebounding from those changes and I do see building momentum. So, I think we're comfortable with the full-year outlook in really all of Asia and ex-Japan as well.
Steven Jeffrey Goulart: Yeah. We do have a fairly large block of index funds, but they're all related to MetLife separate accounts. It is less than a quarter of our overall third-party assets if you want to include it in that and it's really not material from a revenue generation perspective.
Steven Albert Kandarian: As I said in my remarks, we anticipate extinguishing the $1.5 billion authorization for share repurchases by the end of the year, so that's on track.
Steven Albert Kandarian: John, it's Steve. Again, let me – I'll start with just sort of investment performance and then let John talk more about it from a margin perspective. But put in the context of what's happening in the environment. Rates have, I guess, you could say steadily if you use the point-in-time. But rates continue to rise in general over time. We continue to see our new money yield rising along with it. I don't get hung up on quarter-to-quarter. We're really looking at trends. But we do see the overall performance and yield in the portfolio rising. Is it sustainable? I think it depends a lot on the overall market, what happens with underlying rate levels and, of course, what happens with spreads. And then, I think I'll let John comment more about overall investment margin.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Hey, it's Steve Kandarian. We look at opportunities in the marketplace that fit our strategy. And obviously, the areas we are in now in the United States are largely the Group area and the Retirement area. And of course, outside of the United States, we have a significant position in Latin America, Asia and Middle East. So, those been the logical places for us to be looking for opportunities. But as we've always said, we compare any acquisition opportunity against the share repurchase and doesn't mean we wouldn't do an acquisition or that has to be accretive day one, but it has to be accretive quickly for us to pursue something.
