Michel Khalaf: Maybe -- hi, Jimmy its Michel. Maybe I just would add one comment with regards to Non-Medical Health, which is coming in favorable and below the -- sort of in the lower half of the range, which we think will continue for the year. And that's a combination of the favorable disability experience as well as the shift in product mix to voluntary, which has a lower benefit ratio and that we continue to see strong momentum in voluntary, and we think that will persist and continue.
Michel Khalaf: Yes. I mean, if you look at the year-on-year results with respect to P&C, I would say the drop is 50:50. We've had a -- 50% of the drop was due to the elevated cat losses this quarter. I'd remind you should compare that as -- compared to a fairly benign Q3 of 2018. But the losses this quarter were very much inline with our expectations for third quarter. The other 50% of it is the higher severity in the auto liability coverages and particularly bodily injury cranes. This has been consistent with what many others have seen in the industry we continue to monitor these trends and we have a track record of adjusting our rate activity accordingly and looking to take rate actions to make sure we continue to remain within our target combined ratios. 
Michel Khalaf: Hi Erik. So the place where we felt it a bit this quarter is in the immediate annuity sales. We are the largest seller of the institutional income annuities and we've seen some softness in terms of sales this quarter. As the rates come down the value proposition for the individual buying those annuities decreases clearly. So we've seen some softness there in terms of sales. In terms of PRT haven't seen it. We still are looking at a very robust pipeline into the rest of the year and into next year and in particular in the jumbo space where we are most active. Clearly of course, if you look at our liability balances in RIS lower interest rates actually grow these balances, if you think about the mark-to-market effect on the fixed income balances there. 
Michel Khalaf: Yeah. I mean if you just look at the overall earnings number, it's driven by three things. The solid underwriting results is one of them, and you saw us coming with strong underwriting results, but there are two other components to it. We've had also strong volume growth especially in voluntary. And we've also had favorable expense margins including positive market impact on some of our employee costs in the Group Benefits business. So it's a combination of the three. I would still continue to guide you back to those ranges and to the midpoint of those ranges. We do operate in a competitive market. And over time, we expect to be back in the middle of those underwriting ratios that we look at.
Michel Khalaf: Sure. If you look at our exposure in Q3 of last year, it was pretty benign in terms of the fire exposure. And you're right in terms of our geographic concentration, if you look at our market share in California, in home and compare that to the average market share that we have nationally, our market share in California is less than 75% -- 75% smaller than our national market share. So we're relatively less exposed there.
Michel Khalaf: I mean it's really the two factors I've talked about. So if you back out the cats, if you look at the earnings number, that just – that explains about half the difference. And the other half is specifically inflation in bodily injury claims. And there you talk about medical inflation cost, more litigation, more attorney-represented claims. And that's the trend we're watching carefully and taking appropriate rate actions against it.
John McCallion: Yeah. You broke up there. I think I got it. The first one, I think the quick answer is no. First, I think 100 of the 160 was right in line with what we shared back in 2Q with regards to the drop in long-term interest rate. So that came in as expected. And then we had a variety of other items and it was mainly the regulatory closed block that drove the remainder there. In terms of long-term care, we do have some quite a bit of hedges on. And actually I'd say, we've locked in kind of the investment returns for the next five years or so. We have a number of forward starting instruments that we've entered into over time. So we're kind of protected for the next five years. And obviously, we have hedges beyond that. But rollover reinvestment risk would persist beyond that.
John McCallion: Good morning, Andrew. It's John. Let's just to kind of level set. I'd say our guidance has been a 65% to 75% free cash flow ratio on average over a two year period. And obviously, in any quarter that can fluctuate one way or the other. In terms of – and what we've said in the past is without barring other strategic investments that would meet risk-adjusted returns that we believe would be appropriate, this capital in our minds belong to the shareholders. And Michel has talked about that quite a bit. And so all else equal, that would be used for dividends and share repurchases. But to your point, I think Michel commented that in his opening remarks, we have accelerated a bit of that this year. I wouldn't consider this a run rate. And I think as Michel mentioned, we probably pulled -- we're opportunistic this quarter and given timing of cash flows and things like that.
John McCallion: Well, we have -- we've talked about our normal operating level and a minimum of 360% under an NAIC RBC ratio for the combined U.S. entities. Last year, we were above that. But I'd say I think about our 65 to 75 on average for a two-year period is the right number and it can be -- it can fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. And then I referenced Michel's comments earlier that we were opportunistic this quarter and we accelerated some of the share repurchases in the quarter given market dynamics and timing of cash flows.
John McCallion: Not at the moment. We're working through the process now. It's that time of the year and I don't -- there's nothing concerning at this point. We're just going through the process.
John McCallion: Yes. So, my commentary is regarding full year and we've talked about this guidance as a full year guidance. So, we said we'd be within the 100 to 125, albeit at the bottom half of the range. And maybe just a little additional color because it's a good question. I think -- look, sequentially we're down about 17 basis points, 12 of that was in RIS which is the allocation of VII. They had actually a pretty high VII allocation in the second quarter. And then the remaining drop was the function of just lower rates and the inversion of the curve as well as I mentioned just a little bit of the dislocation we saw in the repo market. But as we look forward and the projected forward curve does support a view that we're -- we believe we're at the bottom of the spread compression or near it, let's say, and at least for the near-term and maybe you say next several quarters. And so maybe in other words to look at this you'd say that this spread is a decent run rate in our mind. And we think of that as VII which has been a heavy contributor probably normalizes some and we see an improvement at least based on the forward curve in the spread ex-VII over the next several quarters.
John McCallion: Hard to estimate exactly from a sizing perspective, but we do typically see it happen in the third and fourth. I’d say, we did not see it come through yet in the third. So we do expect there to be an uptick in the fourth quarter on that direct expense ratio as you said ex the UCI onetime time costs. It's not so predictable. It depends on some of the marketing costs that we deploy in our enrollment capabilities there, as we move through enrollment season and so it can vary. But I'd say, there's an upward trend and probably as I said heading -- it's ahead of what we've seen certainly year-to-date without question.
John McCallion: Good morning, Alex. It's John. Yes, we did give a sensitivity back in the outlook call. We showed a 100 basis point parallel shift in the curve from rates projected to based on the forward curve at that time. And as you said, we are well below that. I think the 10-year is probably down more like 150 and also wasn't parallel. We had a LIBOR drop of maybe 100 or so. So the dynamics are a little different in that sensitivity. I think in general, I'd say that we feel that sensitivity was broadly in line but we've had some additional pressures come through that are in the numbers. For example, as we've mentioned before, SEC lending has not performed as well as it has in the past. It's still ROE-accretive and a good tool for us but maybe not as profitable of a tool as it has been in the past, which is a good reason to have a diversified book of market-leading businesses, right and to kind of have that at different times when we need it. So I'd say that the impact of interest rates has probably been a little heavier than what that 100 basis point drop has shown. I'm not so sure that necessarily carries forward, based on what we see to next year. But I'd probably would all else equal go back and say that again, it was meant to be a drop relative to what you would have otherwise expected, not necessarily a year-over-year drop if you think of it that way. So you'd have to work off your own models there and think of it that way. But I think it's probably relatively in line and you'd have to apply some proportional approach to it. Hope that helps. 
John McCallion: Yes, in a month or maybe less or a little over a month we'll be giving you an outlook. I think we can go business-by-business. It's a little hard to do things at an aggregate level when you think of PFO sometimes, right just because the accounting for instruments can vary. So you have to think about that volume growth or opportunity based on different metrics. Sometimes PFOs are really good. Other times assets under management are better. And I think you're going to have to think of it business-by-business. But I think we believe we have a diverse set of businesses that gives us the ability to compete and win in a variety of economic cycles. That's one. Two, to your point of operating leverage, I think we've been showing that we can deliver despite -- in a variety of markets. We're well on track to meet our commitment by 2020 and I think if you did your own math today off of the annualized PFOs from a direct expense ratio, we're very close to the 800 I think mathematically already.
