John McCallion: Sure, Suneet. Primarily appraisals and valuation. So we actually saw, if you recall, in the fourth quarter, it was fairly flat. Appraisals, they tend to lag a bit in terms of just market declines. And so we saw kind of a catch-up of that in the fourth quarter, which obviously gets reported here in the first quarter. Our view is that it will start to moderate. We probably still have some pressure in 2Q, but less so and then moderates through the rest of this year. And then we think you start to see things start to pick up in a positive way towards the latter part of this year into '25. That's kind of the outlook. 
John McCallion: Yes. Ryan, it's John. I think Suneet's question was focused on real estate. And so I think what we're just trying to -- and regarding outlook in terms of the real estate funds and so we saw a negative return this quarter of 5.8%. I mentioned I thought it would be less negative next quarter, but we still think there'll be a little pressure in just kind of the appraisals coming through and then it will start -- it will kind of moderate from there and start to have an upward trajectory is kind of the way we put it. 
John McCallion: Jimmy, thanks for the question. Yes, I think it's pretty much in line in terms of the roll off of the -- given the roll-off of the cap. So in terms of XVII, that was generally in line. I think VII came in better than we expected. As you recall, we talked about a 115 to 140 spread range for the segment. So the middle of the range was 127 for the year. We still think that's the right answer. And the way we got there was that we have a kind of a quarterly roll off of these interest rate caps. Remember, we bought these back a while ago when there wasn't a risk of rising rates, but is to protect against a short-end rise fairly quickly so that it allows the long end to kind of emerge in over time. It's basically worked as planned. But they all effectively roll off for the most part throughout this year. So in terms of expectations, we will see another -- so I think it was 10 bps maybe decline between 4Q and 1Q. I think 8% to 10% next quarter is not a bad estimate. It will depend on what VII does next quarter. We still think VII has kind of a reemergence to occur. So we had a good quarter this quarter, but that can gradually grow throughout the year, probably a bigger growth in the second half and then probably have one more quarter of 8 to 10 bps occurring, and it flattens out between third and fourth quarter. Basically, it's minimal, if not immaterial roll off. So that's how to think about the roll off, and that's how we get to the midpoint of that range when we gave the guidance. So we -- obviously, in the past, we've spent quite a bit of time on XVII. We're happy to give that number, but we're really looking at the total spread all in now and as you think about the reemergence of VII. 
John McCallion: And Tom, maybe I'll just add a follow-up again on your first question. I mean, I think also just you only focused on XVII. But as I said, I think what's really important is that we think of the all-in spread here, and that's -- all of that is very much in line with what we gave in the outlook for the midpoint of the range. 
Ramy Tadros: Sure, Ryan. It's Ramy here. I would say, in terms of our view of the competitive dynamics of the group business, it really hasn't changed. I mean, we've always talked about this as a competitive marketplace. And one, because of the short-tail nature of this business is on the whole rationale. And we also think and see that this is a market where there are many avenues for differentiation beyond price. And look, if you have the scale to invest in the business, you can create true differentiation in this market and grow profitability -- and grow profitably. So the price, while important, becomes one out of multiple factors in the consideration set. So with that background, we're very pleased with our growth in sales this year. You saw a 25% increase in sales year-over-year. I should note that the strength of that momentum was across the board. So life, disability, dental as well as our voluntary suite of products. And from a pricing perspective, we're very pleased with the rate adequacy we got for that new business. And we're also very pleased with the rate increases that we got on renewals that were commensurate with our targets. So it's not a pretty solid picture, both in terms of the growth, persistency as well as the pricing and the rate increases. 
Ramy Tadros: Thank you. It's Ramy here again. Look, the -- we're coming off a very successful 2023 year in terms of PRT, we had 5 cases totaling more than $5 billion in premium, and that was off the back of a record year in '22, where we wrote more than $12 billion of premiums. This business is lumpy. So I would remind you, we did not win any deals in Q1 of '23 either, and we did not win any deals in Q1 of '24. But having said that, we continue to see a very robust pipeline ahead of us, particularly for the jumbo end of the market, where we focus. And this is not surprising. We've got very healthy funding levels of defined benefit plans and the desire for large plan sponsors to derisk. And we see this trend continuing for many, many years, and we're well positioned to win our fair share of the market here. From a pricing perspective, I would just emphasize what we've always said is that we look at these jumbo PRT deals with an M&A lens, and you kind of need to do that given the large quantum of capital that any given deal can consume. And we're very disciplined to ensure that we deploy that capital to its best and highest use. So we evaluate each transaction carefully. We will only deploy capital if the risk-adjusted returns are healthy and the ROEs are aligned with our enterprise targets. And as you look forward, we still see this as a large profit pool, a big opportunity and one where we're going to get our fair share. 
Ramy Tadros: Jimmy, it's basically seasonality story. As you know, with dental claims, the benefits reset at the end of the calendar year. So come January, you just get to see more utilization as the claims reset. And therefore, that's just a seasonally higher ratio. If you look at our overall non-medical health ratio, this first quarter seasonality is baked into our guidance ranges. I remind you, these are annual ranges, and our expectations are at this point, that will be well within our range, 69% to 74% for the full year. And I would also remind you that we did lower that range by 1 point earlier this year. So very much a seasonality story and feel very good about being within that range for the full year. 
Ramy Tadros: I mean Q3 tends to be the lightest. So you'd expect it to come down in the second quarter. Q3 will be a lot lighter. So there's going to be always -- there will be a decrease, whether it's going to happen as a sharp cliff in Q2 and then another one in Q3 or different pattern, it's hard to predict. But again, think of it as a full year range and think of that ratio coming to the midpoint for the full year. 
Ramy Tadros: It's Ramy here. I mean I would say interest rates is the primary driver of this. You have seen coming out of the pandemic, call it, pent-up demand with the courts being closed and some of that clearly kind of did cause an increase in volumes earlier on. That's now stabilized, and it's very much an interest rate-driven volume increases. And you do have given court settlements have increased. You do have some social inflation component. But I would say interest rates is the primary one. We are a major player in this market. The market has grown substantially over the last few years, and we have maintained a pretty good share in that market. And it's a very specialized market in terms of the distribution channel, the underwriting, et cetera. And we're extremely pleased both with the volume, but as importantly, with the ROEs and the returns we're able to achieve in this market. 
