William J. Wheeler: Thanks, Michel. So John, a couple of things, just to give you a little context about Chile. Chile is a very attractive place to do business. It has a AA- sovereign credit rating. That's the highest in Latin America. It's -- and obviously, when we -- we took that into account when we announced the acquisition of Provida. Just remember, we think we bought Provida at a very attractive price relative to where other properties in that market have traded over the past couple of years. So it's a transaction that we're still very excited about. There is a presidential election campaign going on in Chile, so there have been some comments about the AFP pension scheme. Chile thinks they invented, and I guess they did invent, the private pension scheme 20-plus years ago. They're very proud of it. They think it's been a roaring success, and I don't disagree with that. The comments in the presidential election have come both from the contenders for the new job, as well as the existing president, Piñera. Michelle Bachelet, who is -- who was President of Chile previously and is now likely to be the winner in this coming election in November, has made some comments. And I would guess the comments are along the lines of she wants to see contributions increase, from sort of 10% of salary to maybe something like 12%. And also, she wants to make sure that workers at sort of lower socio-economic levels, sort of itinerant workers are covered more thoroughly by the existing pension schemes. I would also say she has talked about a lot of reforms in a lot of areas of the country, and so this is one of many things that she's focused on in her election campaigning. When we step back and think about what's been said and sort of her track record, remember, she had been president before so she's a known quantity, we're still very comfortable with the Provida acquisition and think it's going to be very successful for us.
William J. Wheeler: Tom, it's Bill Wheeler. We make good money in long-term care. The issue with long-term care is that we have to hold a lot of capital against it, so the ROEs are not terribly attractive. But even with these incidence rates, long-term care is solidly profitable. A little color on the incidence. What we're seeing is higher reported claims, and the approval rate of those claims is pretty high. We're sort of digging into the issue now to make sure -- we recently moved some of the claims management and reporting and claims operations. And whenever you do that, in any insurance business, you always can -- sometimes new wrinkles can cause some blips in terms of how the claims management is done, so we're digging into that and trying to understand it better. But it's -- in my mind, this is a -- this did cause the non-health morbidity ratio to jump a little bit, but it's not that significant.
William J. Wheeler: So Jimmy, this is Bill. The -- with regard to long-term care price increases, we've been raising prices on our long-term care in-force for, I think, 3 years now. We've sort of been going block by block in terms of doing that, and we've had very good success. We announced another round of price increases or the new initiatives at the end of 2012, and we are going through the state approval processes now. In our latest round of price increases, 25 states have granted us approval. Now before you get too excited, these tend to be a smaller populations states. The big population states, where most of the block is, are -- haven't opined yet. So they're -- but we think it's going well. And we actually, frankly, have a lot of experience in terms of getting these rate increases through the regulatory process, and this one is going in a very similar fashion to what's happened to us before. So that's sort of just latest on long-term care prices. We are looking at what some of our peers have done with regard to variable annuity buyouts. We're trying to analyze whether or not that makes sense for us. We haven't made a decision yet whether it does. Obviously, the reality is, if the stock market improves and interest rates move up, our in-force becomes less and less in the money. And our net amount of risk is a relatively small number, and their in the money-ness is a relatively small portion of the in-force block. So it's -- we haven't ruled it out, but we haven't made a decision yet.
John C. R. Hele: Right. Well, I would view this more as a onetime opportunistic, excellent management performance by our investment team really in the quarter. And also we've had good derivative income across all the lines. This line also benefited from some good returns we had on our sec lending program. So a lot of the assets that we've loaned out in the quarter were from this group, and we had slightly higher margins than we've had historically. So I would not put this for a full run rate. Steve will add a little bit to this, too, as well.
John C. R. Hele: We've got a few impacts that will impact the future outlook for ROE. As we said, just on the call, that we expect the operating EPS to be -- operating earnings to be slightly lower than the first half of the year going forward. We also have our convertible equity units coming in this fall that will add to the denominator. And of course, we're building capital. We're not doing capital management actions at this time, and that will build up. So ROE will be pressured without other actions going forward, slowly over time. Contrary to this, will be our ability to grow revenues faster than our expenses, which the implementation of our strategy appears to be executing so far this year.
John C. R. Hele: You asked 2 questions, but I'll give you that on 1. The second half earnings drivers with regards to Japan, yes, we've already seen a decrease, tapering down in that. So we do expect that to taper down for the remainder of the year. With regard to VII, we have -- some of the funds are on a 1-month lag, some is on a 1 quarter, so we're seeing it slightly less. But who knows what the equity market is going to do in August and September, and that's a key driver to these types of returns. So we're basically assuming on plan right now for -- which is the midpoint of the range we've given.
John C. R. Hele: Jimmy, I'll take the dividend question. As you know, we just increased our dividend early this year by 49% from $0.74 a share to $1.10. And we announced the Provida acquisition for approximately $2 billion using cash on our balance sheet. So we are deploying capital in a way we think is prudent in light of the regulatory overhang. We don't think, at this point in time, engaging in share buybacks is the right thing to do. So that is kind of where we stand right now on deployment of capital. I don't rule out what happens late in the year in terms of changes to our dividend. But as of now, we're comfortable with $1.10 per year.
John C. R. Hele: We have some of the -- as we spoke about at our Investor Day in terms of the cost saves, we also have some strategic expenses coming through. They've been fairly light so far, but they will be building throughout the remainder of the year. And that's one of the aspects of the large investments in technology, much related around to improving customer service, as Steve mentioned.
John C. R. Hele: I wouldn't trend it off as high as what we have done this quarter because of the factors that I mentioned. We are reinvesting as those annuities mature, and the cash flows turn over in that business. We're investing at a lower rate than what we have historically. The derivative income has held up very well. The investment teams have been able to keep those -- that derivative income up, and that's been one of the big outperforms versus our expectations in the core spread. We also had good VII that's allocated to that line of business. So you have to put that piece down. You also remember, we've had very favorable equity markets in general in the annuity business, and that drives -- we have larger assets from that, so we get more fee income from that business line flowing through. So the higher asset base and depending upon your views of equity market performance, that will re-base higher, obviously. But this is pressure of the reinvestment narrowing down.
Steven A. Kandarian: Suneet, what I've done in the past on this type of question is just simply say, "As of today, this is where we are" because things come down the pike over time that you learn more about the process or where things are going so you could change your point of view based upon new information. So I don't want to put a stake on the ground, but as of now, we don't think it's prudent to announce some large share buyback program in the face of the regulatory uncertainty that we have.
Steven A. Kandarian: Eric, we've looked at a lot of studies around the issue of companies being customer-centric. And yes, P&C has more interaction than life, but we still have a fair number of interactions with our customers, even simple things like change of address or calling about some information on their product and their balances and so on and savings products. And if we don't provide a good customer experience in those interactions, people are not going to recommend us to family, friends, others who say, "I'm thinking about buying this product or that product that falls to the life insurance category. Who did you buy from? Did you have a good experience?" So the data is pretty clear that if you do a good job giving service to your customer, your top line improves because referrals, second sales and third sales to existing customers, as well as if you design the process right in terms of interactions and how the products themselves are sold and how the information that goes to customers is articulated, you'll get your cost down because all those customer complaints and second, third phone calls and trying to move people around the system to figure out an answer to their question becomes expensive. So again, the studies in these are pretty clear that your top line and bottom line can improve over time. It's not something that happens in the first 6 months or 12 months. It is a process that will take a number of years. We will track this. We will have data over time, but I don't have data for you right now. The cost that we're talking about here is not enormous amounts of money for some of the fixes that we're talking about. Simple fixes to websites to make them clearer, make the process much easier for the customer to interact with us are not big-ticket items. But it takes time and attention and takes a lot of people to focus on it. I used to hear when I was -- at MetLife, when I first got here, a mantra about customer service that's good enough. And I don't think that customer service that's good enough is good enough. I think you have to have good customer service, if you expect your existing customers to recommend you to others, if you expect that your ability to deliver customer service over time will be at a reasonable cost. So that's why we're engaged in this effort. It is something that we're all focused on, including all of us here at the executive group level, who make phone calls to customers who have problems with their interactions with us, where we can, on a firsthand basis, learn about those experiences and help us become more sensitized to what our customers face every day as they interact with us.
Steven A. Kandarian: Well, as we think -- our projections as we thought out to 2016 assume rates will be increasing. Our plan this year was the 10-year treasury go to 2.38%. We're in excess of that now but it will slowly be increasing. And we factor all this in when we think about our cash and capital projections, when we give you the ratios that we spoke about on Investor Day. So I mean we do take this into account. You have to remember that there is -- we generally have longer-dated derivatives, so it's more tied to the longer end of the curve. Today, we still have very short-term rates, very low short-term rates. And I think as people think forward over the next few years, that's where some of the more interesting pressure might come, if the curve flattened some more. So there's really 2 dimensions to the whole rising interest rate.
Steven A. Kandarian: Okay. Well, we're at 9:00, so we're going to need to end the call. Thank you very much for your interest in MetLife.
