Michel Khalaf: Yeah. Hi, Ryan, it's Michel. Yeah. I mean, I think we're very pleased with the capabilities that we've built with the transactions that we've done in the last few years in Group Benefits. I think they've been highly complementary and we're very pleased in how they've performed. Think about our Pet First acquisition our Versant acquisition. And we'll continue to invest in this business. We've said all along that this is a business where scale matters, and to continue to meet customer expectations, you have to continue to make meaningful investment, something that we've done, and I think that's translating in terms of the momentum we're seeing whether it's in variable benefits or in other areas. Whereas, we don't see any gaps, when it comes to our product set or our capabilities. We're always open to opportunities, if we think those make strategic sense, if we think they can help us accelerate revenue growth, whereas we see a path to continue to grow at within the range that we provided organically, if there was something that would help us accelerate that that would make sense strategically. And that would make sense from a valuation perspective as well. We look for the type of transactions that are accretive over time that clear a minimum risk-adjusted hurdle rate. And we're always going to also compare any transaction to other potential uses of capital. At the end of the day, our focus pillar is about deploying capital to its highest and best use. So hopefully, this helps.
Michel Khalaf: Yes. Hi, Suneet. It's Michel. So really pleased, with the fact that we've secured all regulatory approvals for the Global Atlantic transaction. As we had mentioned, we expect that to add about 60 points to our RBC and we consider that to be excess capital. When we announced the transaction we increased the authorization by $1 billion and that was to signal the sustainability of our buyback activity. We also have a track record post major divestitures of returning capital and a deliberate and expeditious manner. So I would suggest that we would conduct ourselves in the same manner here.
Michel Khalaf: Hi Mike. It's Michel. So, as I mentioned earlier, whereas we don't see any gaps when it comes to our Group Benefits business here. We've been growing voluntary at -- in the high-teens for a number of years. The employee paid component of our sales is also growing. We're always open to do something inorganically, if we feel that it fits strategically, if it adds the capability, if it helps us accelerate revenue growth, provided it is accretive over time and provided it also compares favorably to other potential uses of capital. So whereas there are no gaps, we have M&A as a strategic capability here and we'll deploy it as we believe it makes sense to do so. And if it's a better use of capital compared to other potential uses.
Michel Khalaf: I mean not really. I mean I would say, we have scale across our businesses and across markets. It's more around does one plus one equal more than two, if you like in terms of what we have and what we are potentially acquiring.
John McCallion: On debt, yes, so we issued the debt in July. That is not considered permanent capital. That is to pre-fund a maturity in the first quarter of next year.
John McCallion: Yes. I think it's more of the latter. I think it's just we've in a way it's trailing a little bit of what's happened in PE, where we had kind of the markdown and then we've built – you've kind of gotten to a trough. And as we’ve said before we feel like we bump along the bottom here for a little bit on some of these fund related returns for sometime. So before we see kind of that U-shaped recovery. So it's more of that.
John McCallion: Good morning, Jimmy, it's John. As you said so good strong core spreads this quarter similar to last quarter just to you guide to fourth. We think something in the same vicinity maybe 135 to 40 is a good range to think about for fourth quarter. And then as you mentioned over the course of 2024 we will have some expiration of some of the caps. As we said before, this whole thing was constructed in a way for the caps to provide us time for the long rates to find their way into spreads. And those things you've seen that come through in a healthy way. So we'll give some more guidance on that on the outlook call and provide some more detail as to how to think about 2024.
John McCallion: Yes, it's John, again. Thanks. I take issue with your deceptively comments. But besides that only kidding. But on the maturities, it's roughly speaking, we've talked about these contractual extension options. That's been about 60% of the maturities and how they've all had contractual right. If you're in good standing, you meet all the financial tests. They tend to be in the mid-50s LTV. So strong financial metrics, almost 30% as well in terms of paid off or refinanced. And then the remainder is probably 10% of that is loan modifications, and then the remaining small single digits is the foreclosure or net payoff, which is honestly that level is somewhat similar to what we've seen in the past. So, nothing out of the ordinary given the environment. So I think overall, roughly in line with historical, maybe the people on the contractual options those are floating rate. They're tending to wait to see when they lock in their long-term rates. So, maybe there's been a little extra, in terms of contractual extension options, but nothing out of the ordinary. I think is the way to think about it.
John McCallion: Yes. And the -- the levels I gave you just now, they incorporate what we expect for the remaining 12%. So nothing unique or out of the ordinary. So I think -- I think the punchline, we would share is everything is effectively in line, with what we said in the first quarter when we gave an outline of what our expectation was for the year.
John McCallion: Good morning. Sumeet. It's John. Good question. So just in terms of deployment of capital remember last year, I mean just one reason for that I,s we had IBM case that came through in the third quarter of last year. But nonetheless, like you pointed out, very strong unlevered IRRs strong payback periods. Very pleased with the results. We saw some great results actually in Japan as well. That's actually helping boost the VNB as well over the course of 2022. In terms of IRRs, some of the things we've talked about is we do see I think broadly speaking yes I mean we're starting to see demand for these annuity-type products to pick up, right? So I think a volume aspect is emerging. I'd say, it's still emerging in the institutional and retail space broadly speaking. In terms of IRR and pricing, typically the rate environment will price in. These -- the counterparties were buying or selling however you want to look at it, they're pricing in the current rate environment. So I wouldn't expect a big uptick in IRRs. I think 17% IRR is a pretty healthy level to be at. But we'll see how things evolve.
John McCallion: Good morning, Alex. It's John. So a couple of things to point to for your question. We've given some sensitivities to interest rate movements in the past. And I think those are still fair approach to thinking about the impact generally driven by the benefits of roll-off and reinvest and you're seeing that on the slides we shared. So that has an incremental benefit. Obviously, we've also done a lot to reduce our interest rate sensitivity over the years. So it's not a hockey stick per se but there's inertia there as you look at some of those sensitivities. So I don't know if I have a number to give, because gross numbers maybe get lost, but those sensitivities are more from an earnings perspective and those are probably pretty good things to follow and think through as you kind of model out earnings growth. In terms of tactical. I think, there's always tactical asset allocations that occur. We have a view of relative values that we take into account. But certainly as rates grow fixed-oriented products going to grow in relative value. And we're seeing some unique opportunities out there. It's very helpful to have a wide breadth of product and expertise to work through the opportunities that are in the space and that's scale. That scale is a big benefit. So we're excited for the opportunities that are out there. And having done that we've been maintaining an up in quality mentality when it comes to investments. And with these rates it's worked pretty well.
John McCallion: Hey, John, it's John. Thanks for the question. I think there's a couple of ways to think through that as I mentioned in the earlier comment, I mean, we are seeing an increase in demand. And that is -- we've been able to solve that fairly efficiently with just annual capital generation. And that -- but we do think that it is going to grow and we are constantly considering different ways to take advantage of that. I think eventually as -- and maybe a little bit to an earlier question as volume and demand grows that could improve pricing to some degree. Right now I think it's fairly consistent and adjust with interest rates. But there is dynamics between volume and how that can also improve value but that will take some time.
Ramy Tadros: Good morning, Wes. It's Ramy here. I mean, look, I think a couple of points to note here. So one we're of course extremely pleased with our record quarter here which is by the way a record even, if you exclude the notable in the quarter. In general, what we tend to see in our results is there's seasonality. And while the dynamics are different by product line in aggregate the third quarter tends to be the most favorable over the course of the year. If I think for us specifically on a go-forward basis, you should think about the mortality ratio which is below the guidance for this quarter. Think about that coming back in the fourth quarter to be within line for our guidance range. The other one, I would perhaps talk about here is disability. I mean, disability continues to perform really well both with respect to incidents and recovery levels. Some of this favorability is stemming from a favorable macro environment. And we believe that, favorability will over time. It's not going to happen in any given quarter but will over time come back into pricing. But having said that, and I'll refer back to kind of Michel's comments on having real focus and strategic intent here in terms of how we're investing in this business. The favorability we're seeing in disability is coming from solid underwriting return to health capabilities deployment of data technology, predictive analytics in how we're running this business in particular investments we're also making in the live and absent space. Those are resonating really well in the market. And we believe over time, will allow us to fuel further growth and maintain very robust margins here. And those are not going away. Those are differentiating capabilities that we have and distinct competitive advantages that we will maintain and continue to invest in.
Ramy Tadros: Thanks. So we're pretty pleased with our performance this quarter. So year-to-date we've had $3.5 billion worth of sales. We've also added another $600 million of premium so far in the fourth quarter. And we see a very healthy pipeline ahead and really with a lot of visibility into 2024. And in particular in the jumbo end of the market which is where we focus and where we have distinct competitive advantages. Our focus so far has been on the immediate with RV only part of the market and we see significant pipeline there and we're able to win business at healthy IRRs. But we always continuously evaluate opportunities here. And as we've always stated it's value over volume here. And so if we see opportunities with the right IRRs and the right returns and the right risk profile we're always going to be looking to evaluate those as we go forward.
Ramy Tadros: Yes. We're not really -- it's Ramy, here John. We're not really seeing any of those having any kind of material effect on our book of business. And remember, we're not in the major medical we're not providing Rx. We are group life players and none of that is really having any material impact at this point.
