John McCallion: Good morning, Andrew. It's John. Let me take it from the top. I might ask Michel to jump in a little bit too on the group side. But I think in general what you said is true. I would consider this just normal volatility. I think the important thing to point out if you go back to our full year benefit ratios we're generally in line with our targets. So I would tend to agree with your -- I guess, your statement that this is just a normal volatility. It's generally severity in a lot of places. We did have a reserve refinement in Asia. I think the one place; we did see some higher utilization in dental. And maybe I'll just have Michel comment on that. So we'll monitor that. But I think otherwise the other mortality or unfavorable mortality is generally just considered a blip.
John McCallion: Good morning, Tom. This is John. Let me take it from the Holdco and I'll touch on the RBC at the end. So first, let me just start to just help reconcile and maybe roll through – roll forward our cash from over the course of the quarter. I think it's important to recognize that we had 1.2 billion of share repurchase in the quarter. And I think you may realize that we had an additional 500 million post the outlook call. And I take that as a decision to accelerate some of what otherwise would've been repurchased in 2019. And we did so at an average price of $39.46. So, yes, we view that as good use of excess cash at that time given the work market weakness. And so we'll be mindful of that as we see how markets trend. I think the second thing to keep in mind in the quarter; we did complete our net liability management actions in the quarter. And just remind you, we said during 2018 that we would compete $1 billion to $2 billion of net liability management during 2018. We ended up at about $1.5 billion, which we completed in the fourth quarter. Roughly $400 million or $500 million of debt repurchases. And then I attribute the remaining portion to just lumpiness and any one quarter of intercompany cash flows and tax sharing payments. So then turning to the buffer. So we're at the low end of the range today. This process of setting the buffer, we use some severe and very severe liquidity stress tests. We look at the related calls on holding company cash and capital and then we set the buffer accordingly. And so we did so a number of years -- I guess, it was two years ago or so. We set the $3 billion to $4 billion range. And it's a range for a reason. So we take into account our outlook. And one of the things these liability management actions did is it helped reduce some of the complexity or the calls on cash at the holding company. We've historically run at about $1 billion of maturities every year in debt, debt maturities. And a lot of that liability management actions has helped push out some of those maturities. So just to give you a sense of that, we have no debt maturities in 2019. We have like $400 million to $500 million each year from 2020 to 2022. So our debt maturity towers are much different today. And as a result the holding company, under a stress, can be – can think about that.
John McCallion: So it's just, we've kind of continued to reduce their risk, I'd say, at the Holdco. And therefore, I would expect us to manage to the lower end of that range in the near term. Moving to RBC. We did lower our RBC target as a result of the tax reform by 40 points. Remember it did not have any impact on our adjusted -- total adjusted capital. This was just merely impact to the formula for required capital. It doesn't change anything in terms of our available resources or anything like that. So we adjusted it down by the 40 points from 400 to 360. Today our best estimate that would be that we're above 380 at the end of the year.
John McCallion: Well, if you look at the trend, the trend continues to be positive. And I think we've had four quarters in a row of rising new money yield. But remember what happened in -- sort of, late in the fourth quarter to rates have fallen again. Where we would stand though is we're still confident that as rates continue to rise, we're going to be approaching that breakeven threshold. But for now, we're still looking at kind of 25 to 100 basis point for each quarter just given the volatility in some of the runoff assets. But we're getting closer, we're not there yet.
John McCallion: We are careful with that business, and its cash flow characteristics, but we always look at opportunities to create value for the shareholders. So, it's an area that we have spent a great deal of time looking at in the past and we continue to do so and we'll continue to do so going forward. If we find a way to transact in that area that's beneficial to our shareholders, we certainly will get give that full consideration.
John McCallion: Erik its John. Yes, that's correct. We would view this as this quarter -- this quarter does not impact our outlook for 2019. I think the only place I would just refer back to what Steve Goulart said is maybe there are some pressure on returns, but we think return for the year is still within our outlook range.
John McCallion: Good morning, John. Yeah. As you said, there's been quite a bit of recovery already in the first quarter. I think we’re close to 9% year-to-date, something like that. And only 1 point off of where the S&P was at outlook call, I believe is correct. In terms of the – in the fourth quarter I would estimate the impact to be around $0.06. About half in the U.S. and half outside. So I don't know if that helps frame the fourth quarter. And then as you said, I think – but I don't see that impact continuing as our view right now, particularly given the recovery that we've seen so far. The only place that we would -- as Steve Goulart highlighted, there'll be some pressure in the first quarter that we think will – that we will recover and get to a return that keeps us within the range for the full year for PAI.
John McCallion: Alex I know you were at the Asia Investor Day, and we went into this in fair amount of depth. And certainly these products from a risk-adjusted return perspective are very attractive. And then we talked about the compelling value proposition, not just from a customer perspective from a MetLife perspective as well, because much of these products go through the bank channel and a lot of them are single premium, a vast majority of our sales are actually single premium. And we take advantage of our strength, which is our investment in the U.S. dollar portfolio. We leverage that combined with our distribution power. That's driven been pretty much our success. And if you look at the category as a whole that's been growing and our share has been growing because we have a very strong value proposition. I talked about the market value adjustment feature, also talked about the constant repricing that we look at it pretty much on a biweekly basis. So this is a very actively managed portfolio. And we're very happy with that.
John McCallion: As I mentioned earlier, very much in line with expectations. We're getting the renewal action that we are seeking in the market and persistency is in line with expectations. So it is a competitive market. And our pricing reflects that. But again nothing to point out in terms of deviation from what we expected or what we discussed on the outlook call.
Michel Khalaf: Yes, hi Andrew. It's Michel. So, on the dental front, we did see higher utilization in Q4. As a reminder, we had a very strong first quarter. Typically, the fourth quarter, we see lower utilization. A lot of insureds reached their limit so that drives the overall utilization. As I said, we had low utilization in the first quarter. We've analyzed this; we see no particular trends in any block area or service. And some of the Q4 results are also due to prior quarter development as well. So, trailing from Q3. So, we're keeping a close eye, but nothing to suggest that this is the beginning of a trend.
Michel Khalaf: Yes, Andrew, Michel again. So, it is a competitive marketplace, but we see a good pipeline based on discussions that we're having with intermediaries and plan sponsors. We feel confident in our ability to continue to win our fair share of deals while sticking to our discipline in terms of how we evaluate and assess those opportunities going forward. So, we're still bullish and confident in terms of the PRT opportunity going forward.
Michel Khalaf: Well, certainly we're sticking to our discipline in terms of the returns that we look for on those deals. And again, as a reminder, we had a record year in 2017 and we more than doubled 2017 and 2018. So, another record year there as well. So, yes, we're still sort of optimistic about the market opportunity there.
Michel Khalaf: Sure. Erik, its Michel. So, it's a competitive marketplace I would say, in particular, in the dental space. But we are -- I would say, we are winning our fair share of business. I think 1/1/19 sales and renewals are in line with expectations. And we continue to see excellent momentum in our voluntary business as well. And that's really making up for some of the weakness that we see on the dental front, where we are really continuing to hold our ground in terms of discipline on pricing. But overall, I would say, sales and persistency are in line with expectations.
Michel Khalaf: Yeah. Thanks, John. So, first of all, let me say that I'm excited for the opportunity to lead MetLife. And continue degrade value for our customers and shareholders alike. Let me tell you what will not change under my watch and that's my commitment to MetLife's core goals of capital efficiency, strong risk adjusted returns and profitable growth. Like Steve, I believe that excess capital above and beyond what is required to fund organic growth belongs to our shareholders and should be used for share repurchase, common dividends, or if and when it makes sense, strategic acquisitions that clear our risk-adjusted hurdle rate. I believe that, as Steve said, MetLife is at an inflection point. And while much has been accomplished in de-risking our business, we still have work to do to accelerate revenue growth further optimize our business and product portfolios and strengthen expense discipline. Obviously, I'm now in a transition phase, so I look forward to share more post May 1st.
Michel Khalaf: Yes. Sure Humphrey. So, as you said typically the fourth quarter, we see favorable utilization in dental because a lot of the insurers reached their maximum limits, which lowers utilization. However, this year, we had a very low first quarter, which typically tends to be high -- I mean 2018. So, that might have impacted the fourth quarter results. As I said, we've analyzed this; we see no issues with any particular block, service, or area here. So, this would indicate that this is not a beginning of trend, but we're obviously keeping a close eye on the situation.
Michel Khalaf: Yes, hi John. We think that the industry as a whole has taken about 2% to 3% on auto over the last 12 months. We've taken slightly higher rate action than that. Going forward, we think that we're going to be more in line with industry. And I would say the same on homeowners. We think we're going to be in line with industry going forward.
Michel Khalaf: Well, we've -- in our outlook call, we provided -- we increased our outlook for PFO growth in 2019 to 2% to 4% and we think that's going to grow further to -- between 5% and -- over 5% in 2020 and beyond. We're also making important investments in our P&C business. We are re-platforming that business which -- and we are rolling that out in 2019 and 2020. So we think that that's going to give us also some competitive advantages in the market which will help our top line growth going forward.
Steve Kandarian: Hi Tom. We feel good about our long-term care block. And we talked about this; I think it was the last earnings call, gave you a fair amount of detail on it. We are getting rate relief in many states. We continued those efforts. As you know as most of this business is written on MOIC, that's under New York regulations which we had very strong capital rules and reserving requirements. So, we feel our book is in a good position. And we stopped writing this business back in 2010, as I mentioned. But obviously we still have a block of business on our books. And we still get premiums in for those policies that have been out there for quite some time. But we have looked at it very, very carefully. We've done a lot of work on it and we feel that it's in a good place.
Steve Kandarian: Jimmy, we can't say we can look at our overall portfolio businesses in terms of where were going to put more capital and where we're going to put less capital. And even in some cases as you've mentioned selloff or disinvest in those areas. So, that's an ongoing process. But if there's anything there that we come to conclude on, we'll certainly let you know.
Steve Kandarian: Thank you very much. That's our last question. We look forward to speaking with everyone throughout the quarter. Bye-bye. 
