John C. R. Hele: Hi, Ryan. This is John. We expect those to be spread over the period of time, a little less in 2016 and then sort of roughly evenly over the time period remaining, and we'll give you some more details next week on all of this, and this will be in operating.
John C. R. Hele: I couldn't quite hear, I think you asked if the ongoing – if the tax rate for this year will be 22.1%, and that's correct.
John C. R. Hele: Hi, Sean, this is John. As I mentioned in my remarks, I said we had $42 million in this quarter from it and we expect about $40 million a quarter, gradually declining over time. So, yes, there will be an impact.
John C. R. Hele: Right. We just finished our GAAP loss recognition testing for that and it's still quite sufficient. Our GAAP reserves and our stat reserves are very solid there too. As you may have seen, we have been putting through price increases and have been getting what we expect. We don't expect to get them in all states at all times, but it has been within our expectations and our plans for the rate actions that we filed.
John C. R. Hele: VII was at the top end of the range – or slightly over the top that we normalize a little bit for. So, that's probably a little higher than what we would expect. We would expect more at the midpoint of the range, I think, on an ongoing basis. We also had some good equity market impacts in the quarter that affected MetLife Holdings as well as BHF, and we had some good expenses. We also had some underwriting. The group life was a little higher than we'd seen so far this year. So there were some pluses and minuses throughout the quarter, but as we said, we thought this was a strong third quarter.
John C. R. Hele: Hi. This is John. We said that the $250 million was split approximately between MetLife Holdings and Brighthouse, and that would be a full year, so let's take a partial year into account. And MetLife Holdings has a lot of things in it going on, including some of the costs and strands. So I think we'll have to give you more guidance on MetLife Holdings when we get to our outlook call in December and can give you more view on MetLife Holdings.
John C. R. Hele: Hi. This is John. We'll give you some more details on that next week, but it's not a hockey stick, so it does spread out over the period of time.
John C. R. Hele: Well, it's John. In statutory, we do the New York's seven tests, which starts at a level rate as of year-end of the prior year. So the 10-year Treasury was at 1.70%, if I remember correctly, at year-end. So all of our reserves are tested in all our U.S. statutory entities (43:48) at that level.
John C. R. Hele: For standard reserves and cash flow testing, it's level. There's a shock down that then goes back up again. For the VA carbon reserves, it matches the long-term assumptions, slowly ramps up from the current 1. – year-end 10-year Treasury at year-end ramping up slowly to the 4.25% over 11 years.
John C. R. Hele: VA will be run not to an RBC target, but a CTE(95) plus a buffer. The initial buffer is $3 billion, but as explained in the Form-10, that buffer will vary depending upon market conditions and is used as a buffer for the hedging strategy over time. So it will fluctuate up and down depending upon market conditions. So it's really quite a different way, I think, from looking at it, and this is quite unique, I think, to what Brighthouse is trying to do, and there's a lot of good explanation on this in the Form-10 that I know Eric looks forward to explaining to you over time.
John C. R. Hele: Hi. This is John. There have been studies underway by the Japanese regulator to think about a more Solvency II type approach. This is under study by them. With negative interest rates, we'll have to see how they think about this. Clearly, Europe is having challenges thinking about using a Solvency II mark-to-market balance sheet when you have negative rates. You'd have to scratch your head a little bit on this. So I think it will be a while before Japan gets it really going forward, although we are actively working with the government on that.
John C. R. Hele: We're not prepared to discuss it at this time. We think this is still quite a bit in fluctuation. And as I said, thinking about a mark-to-market balance sheet in negative interest rates is really a strange thing to think about.
John C. R. Hele: Hi, Randy. This is John. That's a great question. We are working hard on that. We have an executive now who's in charge of this whole business and his mandate is to optimize value for the shareholder from these blocks of business. We are taking some steps to lower costs. We've outsourced a good portion of the administration of this to CSC. You may have seen that announcement. That will save us money, and we'll be looking at further steps. It is complex, though. These businesses are not simple to deal with, both, say, the closed block we have. We have agreements with New York on that. We also have long-term care and this is all in our New York regulated entity, so we would need regulatory approvals on much of what we have to do, but nevertheless we will be working on this and we'll give you more guidance over time as we create plans on this.
John C. R. Hele: That's right. There's a lot of interactions going on. Both next week and at our outlook call, we'll give you more detailed guidance on this, but there's a lot of factors going on. We don't have the MetLife Premier Client Group sales anymore, the strain from that, which is a help. We also have narrowing spreads on our investment portfolio on these and the closed block going on, and it is a slow run-off over time. It's very long-term business, both the life business as well as the long-term care business, so it's not a short tail-type business. So there's a lot of complexity to it. That's why we have a smart person in charge of optimizing this for us, but we will give you more guidance as we develop our plans on this.
John C. R. Hele: Well, after the separation, the company will be less focused on the U.S. in terms of the U.S. portion of the overall business, and we're in a number of other markets outside the United States, which are more rapidly growing, so that should help our overall growth rate. We also have businesses within the United States that remain at MetLife post separation that have good growth prospects including the Group Benefits business, and we think that post separation, we will have a business that has less risk associated with it, has more predictable higher free cash flow and greater growth prospects.
Christopher G. Townsend: It's Chris Townsend here. Let me just sort of run through the sales overall in Asia. So, the high-level number was minus 11% for the quarter. So the shortfall there really was all about Japan and Korea. The high points were emerging markets were up 24%, and Asia ex-Japan and Korea was up 10%. For Japan, all the sales shortfall really is around the A&H business, which was down 31%. And you should think about that in terms of a third, a third, a third in terms of the shortfall, a third being due to the withdrawal of single premium A&H products, a third in terms of the package yen life sales. As we flip the life business effectively from yen whole life to foreign currency, we lose some of those package sales, and a third is also for a reduction in terms of the sponsor direct marketing business where the economics weren't appropriate for us. On the life side, whilst you see a number of about minus 3%, you should note the comments that John made earlier in terms of the really big shift we've made from yen life to foreign currency, which has higher value overall. And the other shortfall was Korea. The whole market is down in Korea in terms of the economic situation in that market, and we've pulled back in some of the independent agency business there again, because the commissions are too high and the value is too low. So, that's sort of the overall story for Asia. I think you'll see that continue for the fourth quarter, although A&H sales in Japan will recover slightly as compared to the prior three quarters.
Christopher G. Townsend: Well, you should note that we made significant changes in that portfolio well before the negative interest rate policy came to bear and we were one of the first movers to close down a bunch of that business. The yen whole life sales for us are about 6% of our total sales this quarter. We've made very significant changes. There's a couple more changes we made recently in terms of stopping yen life sales in the bank channel and also stopping sales for the younger cohort. So, that's really the final changes. There will be a re-pricing of all of the yen life products in the market next year in April when the standard interest rate changes come in, but as John mentioned, we're pretty much out of the yen life business – the yen whole life business in Japan right now.
Christopher G. Townsend: There are two types of foreign currency products. One is regular premium, one is single premium. We are one of any three carriers at the moment offering regular premium products, which is much harder to manage and there's about seven or eight offering the single premium products, which is easier to facilitate. So we think we've got a good competitive position there. We've been offering these products since the late 1990s and we've got pretty good scale, so we feel we are well placed, but as you see, others will come into this market as the economics around the yen whole life products diminish.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Tom, the number we gave you about stranded cost of $200 million we talked about last time relates to what would be stranded remaining with RemainCo, MetLife, if it wasn't addressed and we are addressing that in the expense initiative, the unit cost initiative that we discussed. Those numbers move around a little bit, so the $200 million may be closer to $250 million now as we refine our estimates, but the net number has not changed. Meaning, the higher the strand the more we'll have to drive the other expense saves. So the $800 million net number remains as is.
Steven Albert Kandarian: We will give you more detail into certainly MetLife going forward at the outlook call in December. As to Brighthouse, these expenses really are at RemainCo – RemainCo MetLife, and not at Brighthouse. This is the overhead at MetLife that we have to deal with, that's the stranded cost.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Yaron, as you know, we're before the Circuit Court, when the government appealed the Lower Court ruling that designated MetLife as a SIFI. We'll have to wait and see what comes out of that court decision, and we think we'll hear that in the coming months here. As to the impact, I think you're really getting into the impact on our thinking around capital management. We certainly are taking that into account, and we'll talk more about capital management next week at our Investor Day.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Oh. Once we separate out the U.S. Retail business, certainly it is a smaller company. Some of the liabilities and businesses that we're pointing to and FSOC's decision to designate us as a SIFI were concentrated in that business. So certainly it is a de-risked business going forward.
Eric Thomas Steigerwalt: Yeah. I think you're referring to, are costs at Brighthouse going to go up and you may be referring to, there will be some public company costs at Brighthouse that previously would never, of course, exist in Brighthouse as a segment within MetLife. And the answer is yes. There are some public company costs that Brighthouse, on a standalone basis, will incur once it's public.
Eric Thomas Steigerwalt: No. I think the best way to think about it is we'll bifurcate it. The non-VA business, think about a targeted RBC ratio of 400%. And then the VA business CTE(95) plus the $3 billion, which gets you in the range of CTE(98), CTE(99). The initial starting point, which we have in the F-10, says that that would be roughly at $700 million. But I think the best way to think about it is the way I just said, 400% non-VA and then CTE(95) plus the $3 billion buffer, which will obviously move around over time for the VA business.
Eric Thomas Steigerwalt: I would say that the – if you're thinking about what gets it to 700%, the vast majority of that is the $3 million buffer.
Eric Thomas Steigerwalt: Okay. So, the non-VA 400%, 400% plus, but what gets the combined ratio now up to the 700% is when you do the calculation and bring in that $3 billion, which of course we're really thinking about on a CTE basis, but that's what gooses the RBC.
