Michel A. Khalaf: Yeah, hi, Ryan. This is Michel. So, as Steve mentioned in his opening, obviously, the favorable economic environment does help in terms of the underwriting performance. If you think about disability, for example, where we've seen very good results this quarter, lower incidence, high recovery experience. So that's one factor. We always like to be cautious and guide towards the range that we provide for our underwriting experience, but we do think that some of the benefit could be sustainable. I would also point out that if you look at our results over the last three quarters, the diversity of our business is an important factor. In the first quarter, our dental performance was strong. Q2, life underwriting was strong. Q3, disability in particular, but also if you look at our life mortality, it's at the lower end of the range. So we think some of this is sustainable. I would also point out in non-medical health, in particular, that our shift towards voluntary benefits, accident & health, in particular, should over time also help lower our benefit ratio there.
Michel A. Khalaf: Yeah, hi, John. This is Michel. So if you think about our favorable underwriting results in the quarter, we mentioned disability. We had favorable renewal results, lower incidence and more favorable claim recovery experience. As I mentioned earlier, the healthy economy may be a contributing factor to this. So certain aspects of that we think are sustainable. I also mentioned that as we continue to shift our business mix more towards voluntary, we are likely to see over time improvements in our non-medical health benefits ratio. So those are some elements. I should point out here that the return of the health insurance tax, the HIT, in 2018 that was out in 2017. It's back in 2018. It will be out again in 2019. It will create some volatility that helps our non-medical health benefit ratio in 2018. So those are some of the elements that I will point out to. And on the life side, we mentioned that mortality was at the low end of our guidance range for the year. We think we'll be within that guidance range. With regards to January 1, 2019, so what I'll say first is that we are, so far, pleased with our renewals and sales and the large case segment for January 1, 2019, where most of the renewals and sales are already done. I think those are in line with expectation. We are winning our fair share of new sales and we are renewing in accordance with expectation. Too early to tell, as far as the med and lower end of the market, but we continue to see very good momentum on the voluntary front. And we think that will continue into January 1, 2019. As far as the competitive environment is concerned, we are seeing a aggressiveness, particularly in dental, I would say, somewhat in disability. But we continue to be able to compete, especially that we focus on customers and intermediaries that look beyond just the lower price and where our service capabilities, our product set are major factors in our ability to win.
Michel A. Khalaf: Yes. I mean, I think that the tax will impact the dental business in particular, but other than that, yes, I would say you're spot on.
Michel A. Khalaf: Yeah, hi, Humphrey I think you always do see one or two carriers that are overly aggressive, potentially irrational. That's not unusual. We continue to be disciplined in our approach, selective in avoiding situations where pricing is overly aggressive. So that's been our approach and will continue to be our approach, but there is irrational behavior from time-to-time and, in particular, in dental.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Sure. So as I said last quarter, our interest rate caps, given where LIBOR is today, is providing a offset. And it's effectively neutralized the sensitivities we gave back in December of last year in terms of the outlook call. And I think the other aspect, we also said there were certain management actions we took in terms of how we manage the liability side of the balance sheet as well. So the combination of those has probably helped us in, call it, the 5 to 7 basis point range.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yes, sure. I would probably just keep it pretty simple. I don't know if we're seeing favorable. I'd say they're in line with expectations. And I think just overall, the underwriting profit in the business is performing as expected. I'm not so sure I'd say they are favorable relative to expectations.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yes. I think I would probably reiterate things we said in the past. We believe the profile of the block is in decent shape. Obviously, our relationship of group to individual, the amount of lifetime benefits we have, things like that and kind of things we've reiterated before. And then, I'd say the second thing that we talked about is just the work we've done on rate increases over the years has been beneficial. We have $750 million of premium in this block that we receive every year. We got a 7% increase last year. We've got another 3% through nine months this year. So, I think those probably at a high level are the two factors I would point to.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: And, Jimmy, this is John. I'll take the second one. So, I would probably go back to the response to Ryan's comment. So, we certainly have some interest rate caps today, given where LIBOR has rose to and it hasn't changed much in the last three months. Those caps we have that are giving that protection today and really neutralizing the sensitivity in our RIS business, they will roll-off into the fourth quarter and the first quarter of 2019. Now, we have other caps in 2019, although they're at higher strikes. So, I think what we'll do on the outlook call is work through it and maybe a more robust sensitivity for you as we think about the outlook.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: And we gave a sensitivity in the outlook call last December that indicated with a rising LIBOR rate, that we would have a negative spread compression. And what I'm saying is that the caps, given how fast or how high it has risen, it's some of these out of the money caps are now in the money and they are neutralizing that sensitivity. So, we are not seeing that negative spread compression as a result of the caps and how high LIBOR has risen. That will roll-off, all else equal, in the next few quarters and then we'll have to give you an updated outlook for that.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Right. So, I would just reference back to the direct expense ratio slide. We've used a ratio. We believe that using the ratio of revenues to our fixed cost is an indicator of profit margin expansion. So I would argue that we have seen that already, but not all of it yet. Our target is to get to a net $800 million (39:38) by 2020. So that's roughly a 200 basis point reduction using the same revenues we have today. So I think the answer is yes. We expect to see that drop to the bottom line. And the reason we put the ratio out is to provide a metric that you can track to see that that has actually happened.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: We're focusing on our fixed costs across the firm. And it's everyone's contributing. This is a full team effort. We are obviously having to leverage and our goal here is not just to kind of do these things and then see expenses creep back up. This is a unit cost initiative. Our objective is to improve this direct expense ratio by 200 basis points and keep it there.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: And to do that, we're making quite a bit of investments around technology to build the platform to leverage that operational leverage.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yes. Our objective is to finish the remainder on the $1.5 billion authorization, which we will do by no later than end of the year. And then we'll reevaluate along the way. I think it's fair to say that the $2 billion would be done no later than end of year next year.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yeah, hi, Suneet, it's John. Yeah, we did make a few changes. So we dropped our ultimate lapse assumption roughly 20 basis points in the aggregate. We were at roughly 1% before. We're down to 80 basis points now. We probably made some changes to utilization, but it varied by block and so there was really probably nothing material in aggregate, but we did make some changes throughout. And I think other than that, those are probably the most material changes.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yes. I think I would reference, we still are building statistical significance in the data. So it's still relatively early. I don't think we could draw a conclusion that would cause us to change our current assumption. But what we're saying is early signs are indicating that it's higher than that. But we need to see the data emerge and kind of build that statistical significance, as I mentioned. It's hard for me. I'm not going to speculate as to why we're seeing it and others are not. But I think it's important to leverage your own data and make the appropriate conclusions off of that.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Hey Alex, it's John. So, on the first one, I'd say no, nothing material that we're seeing in terms of the reinsurance pricing question you had. In terms of the actuarial review, look, as we said before and you saw on the supplemental slide, it's a variety of things and that's no exception for MetLife Holdings. Actually, the largest item in there is the closed block. It was about half of it. And we just had update to our estimated gross margins and that had an impact on DAC that came through. So, it's a little over half of the actuarial update there.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Hey, Joshua, this is John. I would just reiterate our outlook guidance around free cash flow. It's 65% to 75% over the average of two years. So I would say there's no change to that. In terms of leverage, we've done quite a bit of delevering to-date. The guidance we had given was for 2018, we had net liability management of $1 billion to $2 billion, would take effect this year. We've done about $1 billion and we'll reevaluate whether we do any additional delevering to give ourselves some additional financial flexibility.
