William J. Wheeler: Jeff, it's Bill Wheeler. I'll talk about Latin America. The -- so revenue growth on a constant currency basis was about 4%. We are forecasting, I guess, on a constant currency basis too, 10% for next year. We had very good sales volumes. Our sales volumes in Latin America were up to 26% year-over-year. What held back the overall PFO growth rate was there's a couple of group cases that we have lost, one in Mexico, one in Chile, that are large. They weren't terribly profitable. And so that's affected our top line growth. Now we've -- I think we've said this before on other calls, especially in the third quarter, the comparison, especially the one in Mexico, we lost at the beginning of this year. So that comparison will go away next year. And Latin America, except for noise like these group cases, is I think more like a 10% grower.
William J. Wheeler: Chris, it's Bill Wheeler. We aren't -- I think our strategies about VA is obviously, we're driving down GMIB sales and we're making product changes to do that. I think you'll see us make some announcements about new product introductions later this year, and that will -- as we sort of change the character of that business. In terms of buying out in-force, I -- we've examined that. We've looked at what others have done. I don't think that's an option we're considering at this time.
William J. Wheeler: Well, it -- I'm not sure this is well appreciated. We sell more than a GMIB today. We sell a healthy amount of lifetime withdrawal benefit. And I think what you're going to see going forward is a much more diverse annuity new business model going -- in terms of what we're going to sell.
William J. Wheeler: Well, so GMIB IV, with the 5% rollup rate but the lower dollar-for-dollar, had an ROI in the fourth quarter of about 15.8%. And GMIB V, with the 4% rollup rate, has our ROI modeled as over 18%. So it's a meaningful jump.
John C. R. Hele: And with regard to Asia -- this is John. With -- our bank channel was down, which has a large premium -- these are joint [ph] single premium products, so it's quite an impact when you look at the premiums. But we're seeing growth in the independent agency channels and other areas across Asia. So we're pleased that we're remaining disciplined as we grow all of our channels.
John C. R. Hele: We expect that to be a good distribution. It may go to the international holding companies because it's in the international operations, but we expect that to be available.
John C. R. Hele: We're looking at this as a mid-teen return. And we think, given -- that's a good return given the Chilean economy and environment. It's one of the best places to be investing in, if you call it an emerging market. It's a very stable government and economy. So we're very pleased with that type of return.
John C. R. Hele: No, not really. I mean, Provida will close sometime later on this year, so -- and it's uncertain when that might close, so it's hard to predict exactly the cash and earnings impact it would have in 2013.
John C. R. Hele: Well, in terms of the group, the full year was within our targeted range, so we still believe our targeted range is appropriate for 2013.
John C. R. Hele: With regard to the first question, I think that we've said that should rates remain generally flat, we expect to be at the lower end of that 12% to 14% with the buybacks. And now without the buybacks, the 11% to 13% range, we'll be at the low end of that range. And could you say your second question again? I didn't get that.
John C. R. Hele: So of the total charge, about 1/2 was lapsed; and 1/4, returns; and 1/4 for other. And with regard to the -- that's a separate account assumption, which is a blended assumption, which is an equity bond assumption weighting. But people also have the opportunity to switch to a general account if bonds rise, so if interest rates rise and bond funds go down. So we're comfortable with this return.
John C. R. Hele: Yes, I hope we got all these questions, Jimmy. On the Latin American business, there was an $18 million tax benefit. It's in Latin America, but it's offset in corporate, so it's not a total change to our normalized earnings. If you could repeat the second question.
John C. R. Hele: Well, we've been growing direct marketing and a lot of the new business channels, moving to our multiple distribution channels throughout Asia -- throughout Latin America. And that's had some higher costs associated with that. Direct marketing doesn't get DAC-ed as much, so you have just higher fixed cost in the year.
John C. R. Hele: Sure. So this was for an investment that we had that had unrealized losses, and that was deducted from capital. And we -- there was a change in statutory accounting or an interpretation in statutory accounting. We're now reflecting more of this through net income. So we moved from an unrealized loss to a realized loss through net income, but it was just a geography change to the income statement and had no impact on capital.
John C. R. Hele: Yes, well, because it's not in your capital. It's not counted as part of your capital. It's an unrealized loss.
John C. R. Hele: Okay, well, this was done after several years of study as customers who are in or close to the money get off of their surrender charge period. And we've had a few years of experience now. We also participated in an industry study of almost many of the major players, and our experience is tracking very well or almost exactly to that industry study. So I think we're pretty comfortable with where we are now, both we've had a few years of experience of this and how people behave as they get close to the money. When we looked at this, our assumptions are pretty good when people are well out of the money and well in the money. The curve for this dynamic lapse function, where we had to adjust it, was how people react when they get close to being in the money. And people are a little more sensitive than we had all initially assumed. We had benchmarked our original assumptions somewhat 10 years ago against people and we were pretty close to what others had done. But we've now adjusted, I think, to be what the experience is truly coming out. We had to wait until people get off their surrender charge period and also see people who might be closer in the money, so you can really see the experience of how to calibrate this loss function. But we've had, not only experience of a few years, but also industry experience.
John C. R. Hele: Well, it depends how people move in and out of the money and what happens to the equity markets and interest rates, so it is quite dynamic in how we price this and reserve for it. So it's not a simple answer that I can give you, but we have reflected our experience and I think we're comfortable right now with where we stand on this function.
John C. R. Hele: Well, below the line, if rates stay lower, our derivatives are going to be higher, so we'd have gains from where we are now, so it's hard to predict what. Because a lot of this is noneconomic when you get to the net income side.
John C. R. Hele: No, I wouldn't -- the net income is quite sensitive to how markets move, and most -- the vast majority of this movement is noneconomic in nature. The dynamic lapse function change we did to VAs, that was an economic change. But the rest of it is really noneconomic in nature and it's -- I can't predict how that's going to move quarter to quarter.
John C. R. Hele: Well, the retail annuity business has a lot of ups and downs. It's sensitive to the marketplace and what goes on in that business. So we're not updating our guidance on that at this time.
John C. R. Hele: Well, clearly, it moves around a lot and we just have to continue to focus on it. And it's one of those metrics, I think, that it's even hard year-over-year to look at -- you have to look at it over a long-term time horizon. But we want to make sure that we have it in our sight and we are -- we will slowly, over time, we believe that this can improve.
John C. R. Hele: Let me answer the question on Europe. We stopped selling in the U.K. annuities, so we're down $57 million year-on-year in PFOs on that and sales. So that makes a difference. We also have weakness in Western Europe, but that's been offset by strong growth in Russia, Turkey and also the AVIVA acquisition. So it's kind of balanced out some negatives with some positives, and that's why you're seeing it sort of flattish.
John C. R. Hele: Well, we'll take that under consideration, but I think we're comfortable now with how we record our revenues.
John C. R. Hele: Okay, so what's still in the bank channel are mainly single premium style products, both in yen, U.S. dollar and Australian dollar and some other currencies. And of course, as interest rates move throughout 2012, these products can become more or less attractive. And you have to be very careful with these product lines. You have to adjust your crediting rates quickly, and if you don't, you can get a large volume of lower ROE business. And so we have been diligent in ensuring that the business that we do sell to the bank channel meets our profitability hurdles.
Steven A. Kandarian: I can't give you a lot of guidance at this very moment. As things unfold here in the coming months, I think we'll be able to provide more clarity, but we're still doing our analysis. We're still trying to understand the regulatory environment and what the capital rules may be, going forward, for us. So unfortunately, I can't give you more than that.
Steven A. Kandarian: So overall, ALICO is tracking well. There's ups and downs and there's some of the markets that we're in with ALICO that are tracking a little bit below our expectations, some of the markets were above. So overall, the ALICO transaction is still very much on target for what we assumed going into the transaction. We're very happy that we did the deal and think it's a very attractive transaction on many bases, strategic as well as financial. In terms of our dividend, Jimmy, I -- it's the same issue that we have around share buybacks. We're going to assess all these factors, regulatory factors. We're going to talk our board, obviously, and get board approval before we make any changes on our dividends. So that still is to come.
Steven A. Kandarian: John, we weren't required to actually get an approval from any federal regulator on this, but we certainly talked to our regulators when there's any significant transaction we're engaged in. So there was communication, but there was not an approval process.
Steven A. Kandarian: Yes, I'm not -- I don't wish to speak about confidential conversations with federal regulators. Probably not a good thing to do.
Steven A. Kandarian: John, we are obviously planning for it. And there's still some work being done on our side in terms of assessing the regulatory landscape. We do get insights on an ongoing basis. That's why I'm reluctant at this point in time to make any pronouncements around share repurchases, dividend changes and the like, because the landscape does evolve. And until we get to that point when we're able to take capital actions, we don't think it's prudent for us to make pronouncements that may end up changing over time.
Steven A. Kandarian: We have ongoing conversations and have for many quarters with our board on these issues. So it's not as if we're going to start with them in a few weeks to have this discussion. But we're doing a lot of analysis internally around all kinds of measures that can impact us from a capital perspective, and that has to be taken into account as we decide how we address the issue of capital.
Steven A. Kandarian: Eric, let me just make one other comment. This is Steve. When we did our Investor Day in May of last year, we did not give guidance on the top line, and that was very intentional. And that was a signal of a shift in thinking at our company about what we should be focusing on in the near term as we look at our strategic initiatives, as we try to refocus our business on markets that we think will create shareholder value for us. So it's not that we don't have internal targets on top line, but we're trying to signal we're not going run this company based upon the top line, drive sales that may end up being sales that come back later and with low ROEs for us. And that is I think, a cultural shift here. And again, we are looking to grow our business but we are looking to grow profitably, are looking to get business on the books that is in excess of our cost of equity capital and that really is the driving force here for us.
Steven A. Kandarian: I think it does. I mean, we have X amount of capital available to either make acquisitions with or to do share buybacks or to raise our dividend, yes.
Steven A. Kandarian: Well, we did have baked into our guidance for -- through 2016, the plan, some acquisition activity. Some was in there. It wasn't any super large deals, but there were some ongoing acquisitions that we assumed in that plan.
John M. Nadel: I have a question for Steve. I'm just curious if you could give us any color around what the process was like gaining approvals from -- in particular, from the Federal Reserve for the Provida deal.
John M. Nadel: Yes, I understand that. I'm -- I guess I'm just wondering if there was any real back-and-forth real questions about -- or many -- any indication maybe as part of that dialogue as to what specific capital levels or specific ratios or items were of most concern to the Federal Reserve around this deal around your capital levels.
John M. Nadel: I figured I had to give it a shot. The incremental disclosure around rate sensitivity, in particular, I guess, around the annuities business. I understand, so the impact on an operating earnings basis when we look out the next couple of years is relatively modest, but you didn't really speak to anything below the line as it relates to DAC charges or reserve adjustments or any such thing. I was wondering, is there any help you can provide there? Because I assume we'd see some impacts as well there.
John M. Nadel: Well, sorry, I mean, the first 3 quarters of the year, though, on a core basis, the volatility in those earnings was not nearly as severe. I guess to the extent that there's any help you can provide, it would be appreciated.
