Ramy Tadros: Thanks, Erik. It's Ramy here. So the short answer is we're not seeing any impacts across our group business today; in fact, quite the opposite. So maybe let me give you just a couple of overall points before I get into the specifics of our business. So if you think about a recession and a potential recession, as you know, no two recessions are the same, so sitting here, it's really difficult to speculate how a potential recession scenario could play out in terms of the employment levels and particularly as to which segment of the economy that would impact. And the second point, before I get into the specifics of the business, we've all seen the headlines. But overall, we're still sitting in a pretty tight labor market with pretty - with low unemployment levels. And you also have to remember when you look at group benefits, their underlying long-term trends with respect to the dynamics in the workplace, which really favor benefits, and we see those trends continuing thought out [ph] in the future. So if you think about specifically our franchise, while we're certainly not immune to a downturn, there are a number of important mitigants in our business which make us fairly resilient from a top line and a bottom line perspective and, I would say, give us real confidence sitting here today with respect to our guidance ratios in terms of PFO growth. So let me just give you kind of a bit of a sense of what gives us that confidence. From a top line perspective, our book is highly diversified by industry and by size of employer, which limits our diversification, our exposure to any single segment. So really diversification is our friend here and is crucial to our ability to perform. As we stand here in January, we're off to a great start in '23. We're seeing excellent sales momentum across the business. And we had an in-force book that has performed exceptionally well, both with respect to the 1/1 persistency and renewal as well as the rate actions. And we still see significant growth opportunities in our market, and those are direct results of the investments which Michel referenced. So we've spoken about those in the past, be they be the voluntary opportunity with respect to enrollment strategies in the workplace, be it the market-leading national accounts business that we have or be it growth in regional markets where we see a fragmented marketplace that's consolidating. So all in all, you put all of this thing - all of this picture together in terms of our starting point and the profile of our business, and that gives us a pretty high degree of confidence with respect to the guidance range. The underlying assumptions, specific to your second question, really I'll guide you back to the assumptions that John mentioned in the outlook assumptions with respect to an uncertain environment with the potential for a recession. But despite that, we feel pretty good about our guidance ranges.
Ramy Tadros: Yes, I mean it's - you've got to really factor in a lot of different, call it, lenses as you go from an aggregate data to an insured population or a specific book of business. I would say in terms of what we're seeing this quarter, it's very much a shift to an endemic. With respect to COVID, we see continued reduction in the number of deaths below 65, which also reduces the severity of any potential impacts from COVID. But overall, you really should think about this moving to an endemic environment, one that we've priced for and, therefore, we feel pretty good about our guidance range and going back to the midpoint of the range on an annual basis. You'll still see some of the seasonality we've historically seen. So think about Q1 as typically being mortality heavy, which is - was the same dynamic that played out pre-COVID from a mortality perspective.
Ramy Tadros: Elyse. So as you know, we had a record year last year with respect to PRT. And sitting here today, we're still seeing a pretty healthy pipeline given funded status of pension plans. And we're seeing that pipeline also geared towards the jumbo end of the market, which is the place where we compete the most and where we focus on. The seasonality has largely dissipated. If you looked at the timing of the deals over the last few years, we've seen less seasonality. We've seen more deals earlier on in some cases and more these later on. So I wouldn't speculate on the seasonality, but the pipeline is certainly healthy.
John McCallion: Good morning, Erik. It's John. Great question. We have had some resiliency in our runoff business here. So we did provide a guidance raise of 1 to 1.2. Let me start with just PFO decline versus earnings. So as I referenced in my opening remarks, one aspect of LDTI is for our VAs, we do move some of the fees down below the line. That's a revenue decline, but it's not an earnings decline. The way we have - our policy has been that we've attributed fees to the guarantees. And to the extent that they're below the line, we would put 100% of those fees below the line. So as you move, we have a number of SOP 03-1, which is kind of the accrual-based accounting, as you move them down below the line, so does the claims. So you see this like this kind of breakage between revenue decline but earnings staying flat. And then we did have - this is probably one of the businesses with a marginal positive from LDTI. And so that's probably another item. And then thirdly, I think it's the optimization efforts. Now the team has done a great job and continue to look for ways to find improvements around expenses, around contracts. And I think, all in all, we think with the guidance in terms of equity outlook, 1 to 1.2 is a good range.
John McCallion: Good morning, Tom. It's John. Yes, I don't think any update or change for us. I think we've been pretty transparent about this. This is not an easy solution, particularly when you're talking about a reinsurance arrangement. It is complex. I think particularly when it's a reinsurance, you're looking for a good partner and you're looking for to ensure that not only is it beneficial for us, but beneficial for them. And so there is a - you do have to look for ways for common ground. And sometimes that works out, and sometimes it doesn't. It hasn't changed our perspective on optimization. And so I think things are the same for us, so which is we continue to look for ways to optimize internally and we are, and I just referenced that on the previous comment, and that's helped us be resilient in terms of our earnings. And at the same time, we're still going to look and speak and converse with third parties and look for ways to see if we can accelerate the release and runoff of that block in an appropriate way. And if we can, we would do a deal, if we can't, then we'll continue to optimize internally.
John McCallion: Good morning, Ryan. It's John. So as we mentioned, we're raising the guidance. And I think just to kind of frame it in terms of if you use fourth quarter, we're at about 112 ex-VII. If you add 10 for LDTI, which we referenced, it's more of a mechanic than it is necessarily an earnings change or run rate change. And then on top of that, you add kind of a normal VII balance, that gets you to the range we gave. And we are benefiting from the caps. I mean this is really how we constructed the portfolio is to put these in place to address a short-term headwind of rising rates and really rising short-term rates to allow for the longer end of the curve for the rollover and reinvest to start to manifest itself in portfolio yield. So it's all part of the plan. They'll be pretty healthy in '23. They'll start to roll off over the next 2 plus years, and that should give us some time to allow for the longer end of the curve to kind of improve in terms of contribution. We typically stick to '23 - to 1 year, and there's a reason for that. I mean, if you - if we try to predict more than 1 year, I think we would have been wrong every time. So I think we'll stick with that.
John McCallion: Good morning, Alex. It's John. So we gave a range before, and we'll be providing a point estimate as we file our 10-K in the middle of that range was, call it, all in about a 22.5 change in total equity and about a $5 billion, so $22.5 billion and a $5 billion change in book value ex-AOCI, excluding FCTA. That was at 1/1/21. Since that time, obviously, a lot has changed in terms of economic and interest rate environments. And so I think if you were to compare to year-end this year of '22, the delta should be much different or smaller, at least, certainly, on book value ex-AOCI would be about 2 - a little less than a $2 billion, call it, impact on book value ex-AOCI. And then if you include AOCI, it actually flips a little bit to $2 billion positive from the overall $22.5 billion negative to GAAP equity. So hopefully, that helps.
John McCallion: Good morning, Suneet. Yes, I think you've done a nice job summarizing it. It's a tool in the toolbox. We - it's not our only. We did use it to solve that situation. It was - in the fourth quarter, we executed an internal reinsurance transaction, which improved the ratio by approximately 250 points. And so - and also remember, there is two other things. One, rising rates are good for this business. So that's important to remember from an economic perspective. Second is the solvency regime is meant to be replaced in a few years time and move to a more economic solvency framework that will better reflect the economics. So this is really to deal with, I'll say, a temporary situation. And ultimately, I think these tools allow us to have no concerns over capital generation or dividend capacity.
John McCallion: Good morning, Elyse. It's John. As I mentioned, I think our summary around earnings run rate is there's a few puts and takes, but net-net for the firm overall, run rate is intact for adjusted earnings. Net income will probably become, I'd say, directionally smoother than it has been. It's probably the best way to describe it and you'll probably - and you'll see that when we provide our restated QFS in kind of early April. And you'll see that there's a bit more symmetry between net income and adjusted earnings. But it's - there's still some volatility and fluctuations that you'll see. But net-net, it should be directionally better.
