Steven Kandarian: Thanks, Rob. I would like to spend a few minutes reviewing the key components of our investment results for the quarter. First, let me start with a comment on variable investment income. Pretax variable investment income for the fourth quarter was $423 million, which is $223 million above the top of the planned range. Returns this quarter were driven by both strong private equity results and the increase in corporate bond prepayments. Our outlook for 2011 variable investment income remains in the $225 million to $235 million per quarter range that we provided at our recent Investor Day.  Now let me cover investment portfolio gains and losses for the quarter. Gross investment gains for the fourth quarter were $301 million. Gross investment losses were $184 million and write-downs were $126 million, for a net pretax investment portfolio loss of $9 million. Write-downs included $58 million in structured finance securities and $55 million from corporate credit. Overall, loss levels remain modest given the current economic environment.  Gross unrealized gains in fixed maturities and equity securities were $14.1 billion, down from $19.7 billion last quarter. Gross unrealized losses increased to $6.9 billion from $4.8 billion last quarter driven by a significant increase in interest rates. For example, the 10-year U.S. Treasury increased by 78 basis points during the quarter. Overall, the fixed maturity and equity security portfolio was a net unrealized gain position of $7.3 billion at quarter end.  Please keep in mind that interest rate-driven unrealized gains and losses are generally offset by changes in the economic value of our liabilities.  Next, I would like to briefly touch upon our commercial mortgage holdings. First, the loan-to-value ratio of our portfolio improved again this quarter to 66% from 67% due to improving property values. Delinquencies increased to $58 million during the quarter driven by one delinquent loan. We do not expect to incur a loss on this loan. The overall delinquency rate for the portfolio remains low at 15 basis points. While the real estate sector remains challenged and our delinquency rate will likely fluctuate for some period of time, we expect losses to be manageable, particularly given our commercial mortgage valuation allowance of $562 million.  Now let me turn to a few matters relating to our acquisition of Alico. First, I'd like to comment on the overall decrease in our portfolio yield resulting from consolidating Alico. For example, our fixed maturity yield declined during the quarter by 49 basis points to 5.3%. This was driven by lower yield in Japanese assets, which back liabilities with correspondingly low crediting rates.  Next, I'm delighted to report that our integration of the Alico investments portfolio is going well. We have been able to successfully leverage the existing MetLife investment systems and processes to supplement Alico's investment infrastructure. From a portfolio perspective, we continue to manage down certain European sovereign and financial holdings.  Finally, given the recent events in the Middle East, I want to mention that we hold approximately $1.4 billion in assets across 13 countries in the region. The vast majority of these holdings are sovereign debt and bank deposits, supporting insurance liabilities in these countries. As you'd expect, we are monitoring the developments in the region very closely.  In summary, while uncertainty in global capital markets continues, we are comfortable that our portfolio remains healthy and is well positioned to deliver strong shareholder value. With that, I will turn the call over to Bill Wheeler.
Steven Kandarian: Tom, I'd say that the range we gave you at Investor Day, which actually I misspoke in my script, I said $225 million to $235 million per quarter, I meant to say was $225 million to $325 million per quarter. That range is something we still feel comfortable with at this point in time. I know we've had a good couple of quarters here with variable investment income, but our view is that some of that, certainly, was driven by a couple of factors you might not see in the current year. One would be some sales that were in anticipation of tax changes; try and pull forward some sales into 2010 when the tax situation might be more favorable. That's sort of off the table for now. The second is, you saw some remarks on the cost basis funds, and that was off the real lows we saw in 2008 when things are marked down. That's driven by a couple of factors. One, a major bounce back in the equity markets and improvements in the below investment-grade market, which drives a lot of these valuations. So we think that the guidance we gave you at Investor Day in December still is appropriate for today.
Steven Kandarian: Well, rates have risen, but of course, as crediting rates on the liability side. And it isn't always a 1:1 relationship, but there's certainly a close correlation between the two. So overall, I'd say that somewhat higher interest rates are favorable for our business. There's no question about that. We talked about hedges we put in place to offset some of the low our interest rate environment on Investor Day. But certainly, on balance, somewhat higher interest rates is favorable for our business.
William Wheeler: Well, the answer is it's complicated, as everything with regard to stat accounting is. So most of the changes in derivative values, if they come through on our stat statement at all, will come through sort of, I would say, below the income statement or there'll be changes in our stat surplus numbers. Now a lot of the changes in derivatives don't affect our stat accounting. It sort of depends on what kind of derivatives they are. Also, part of the reason that stat earnings are so good this quarter is because the environment got a lot better. And so some of our reserves, which are really driven by interest rates or where the S&P 500 is, obviously, those reserves declined during the quarter. And so that drove the number up.
William Wheeler: Yes, there's other things, too. So for instance, our total stat surplus, and again these are domestic Insurance businesses, it's up 8% year-over-year. Now remember, one thing we took out is very substantial dividend up to the holding company this year, roughly at $1.7 billion. So you have to factor that in as well.
William Wheeler: Well, I hesitate to kind of give the same kind of chart that we did on Investor Day. We don't like to kind of just chew that up every quarter. But I would say that, look, the capital levels and excess capital that we showed on Investor Day, the numbers are better. And mainly because this improvement in the RBC ratio versus what we estimated on Investor Day equates to and another $1 billion plus of higher capital versus where we were a couple of months ago.
William Wheeler: Suneet, there is a lag. Just building on what Steve said a little bit, all of our products have different crediting rate strategies. Sometimes the crediting rate changes immediately because it's basically a floating-rate liability or, I'm sorry, sometimes it doesn't change except for maybe once a year. Then of course, we have a bunch of liabilities where the crediting rate never changes. But with regard to things like new business, stuff we're selling new today, obviously, that would be on using whatever the prevailing interest rates are. So the story is a little different depending on which sort of product and business you look at. But again, I think the punch line is, is that, yes, higher interest rates, certainly, for a while here, are going to generally have a favorable effect on our earnings. So it's early days. So we've only been enjoying these high interest rates now for, I don't know, three, four months. So it won't have that much impact yet.
William Wheeler: There's nothing new to say now. Obviously, it's without a doubt, the environment continues to improve, and that's all good. But in our mind, it's still a little early to announce any kind of buyback activity.
William Wheeler: So with regard to derivative losses. Now you can kind of break it -- there's really three buckets. The first is changes in interest rates, and I mentioned these a little bit in my remarks. Many of our long-dated liability portfolios, we extend the duration of the assets effectively by buying swaps. And so probably like roughly 40-plus percent of the derivative loss this quarter was driven either by the decline in value of those swaps or interest rate floors that we've also purchased to protect against that low interest rate environment and we talked about, on previous calls, we've talked a lot about those floors in the last year or so. So that's a big piece of it. A comparable piece is driven by changes in the evaluation of the embedded derivatives in our variable annuity program, where when we change -- so that would be another 40-plus percent of the decline in derivative value. And that's really where we have to value this derivative under GAAP accounting. The discount rate that we used to value that derivative, it has to be tied to our owned credit. MetLife's owned credit -- this is all, of course, good news. Our credit default swap spread declined from basically, roughly, a little over 200 bps at the beginning of the fourth quarter to something like a little under 150 bps at the end of the fourth quarter. So that's a 60-plus basis point move in our credit default swap spreads. It's a pretty big move. And because of that, the change in the discount rate, when you value the embedded derivative, comes down. That means the liability is worth more. And that has a big impact, too. Hopefully, you followed all that. Finally, the currency, we did have some fluctuation in currency. We use derivatives to protect ourselves in many different areas regarding currency moves. And the value of those -- and sometimes those qualify for hedge accounting but sometimes they don't. It's the match between what's being hedged and the terms of the derivative aren’t perfect. So there, some adjustments in the value of the yen versus the dollar triggered maybe roughly a 15% decline in derivative value. So the big three reasons that we purchase derivatives, interest rates, currency moves and, of course, this thing with the VA program, they all kind of moved in the same direction this quarter in a very meaningful way. And so that's what drove the numbers. So that gives you a little more granularity, hopefully. I can do the RBC one. You want me to do that one, too, because it's a very simple answer. The change in RBC driven by the PIMCO program was worth literally one point. I'm sorry, BlackRock, not PIMCO, sorry. PIMCO was last year. Yes, the BlackRock adjustment was worth one RBC point, literally one, one good guy. And then finally, you're absolutely right about the RBC calculation. RBC is a domestic concept for measuring solvency for U.S. insurance companies; so that 450% that we talk about is our U.S. insurance companies consolidated number. By the way, even though Alico, technically, is a U.S. statutory insurance company, we don't include that number. And remember, I said this on Investor Day, that we don't -- the right way to evaluate Alico's capital adequacy is not to talk about its RBC ratio, it's to look through the business to the capital adequacy numbers in each of the various countries. And actually today and, certainly, on Investor Day, we talked about Alico having an excess capital of over $1 billion based on when we bought the company. So that its capital position, also, is in a very good shape. And then, of course, our own International operations also, in aggregate, have excess capital over and above what they need. So whether you're talking about internationally or domestically, we're in very good shape from a capital point of view.
William Wheeler: So the SMR, the solvency margin ratio, which is sort of like the U.S. RBC -- and this is under the old basis, which is still the basis that's being used in Japan. I think the rules are going to change, I think, at the end of 2011. But the SMR in Japan was approximately 1,400, which, again, is obviously quite good.
William Wheeler: Well, I would say the biggest thing is, remember, we did the Investor Day on early December. And if you remember, December was a pretty fun month from a move in the S&P 500. And also, interest rates moved up during that month, too. So the macro environment changed for just in being at one month, the macro environment changed pretty materially. And so that allowed us to release some of these contra reserves that we sometimes have to hold against our VA product and stuff like that. So that would probably be a big driver. I think, too, when I got quizzed on Investor Day about the RBC ratio, I admitted that maybe our guidance was a little conservative. We always tend to do that, because it is the number we only calculate fully once a year. And so we always want to make sure we're conservative in terms of our estimate.
William Wheeler: I'm not sure what to say other than it's better. Yes, because the good news, of course, is that so far this year, the environment continues to improve in terms of both view of how the equity markets are going and where interest rates are. So obviously, we feel very positive about that.
William Wheeler: Chris, I'm just trying to remember when I would have said that what the C-3 Phase 2 impact would have been a 20-point drag. That's not my recollection. C-3 Phase 2, for everybody's benefit, is a stochastic model, stochastic calculation we have to do at year end. And it's complicated. And then obviously, it takes into effect the things like interest rate movements and given -- for our overall domestic business. I can't tell you off the top of my head exactly where C-3 Phase 2 came out of for this year, though it was pretty benign. And you would expect it to be given the move up in interest rates. So, Chris, I think we'll have to get back to you with something more specific about that.
William Wheeler: Yes. Well, I would hope it would alter the outlook, let me put it that way. Just for everybody's benefit, obviously, we've gone through -- two years ago, we went through a pretty difficult credit cycle. And no, I think, our losses were -- given where people's expectations are, our losses ended up being, obviously, on the low end of that. And really, for the last three quarters of 2010, our credit loss expectations, our actual results were way below that. And so the credit story was really quite good. If you recall, last summer, when we commenced our equity financing for Alico, we ended up having to raise incremental $1 billion of common as part of the financing mix to kind of satisfy some of the rating agency concerns about potential losses, especially in the real estate area. And I think we said at the time, and we've been pretty consistent on this, that we did not expect material losses in real estate. And of course, in the two-plus quarters since then, the story has been fantastic in terms of delinquencies and how our reserve has built up. We've actually been forced to release some of our loss reserve in the real estate area. So the story just couldn't be much better. So certainly, those fears that some of the rating agencies had about losses have not occurred. And our outlook for 2011 is that our investment performance, from a loss perspective, is going to be pretty consistent to what it's been the last couple of quarters, two, three quarters. So we think just as a capital adequacy issue, this is really -- it's not a big deal, and we're doing very well. So I think that will probably help influence the rating agency outlook. So to go kind of to your base question, is this going to change views about capital management, I think it will. But I think it does take a little time to have that happen, but I suspect it will change how the rating agencies feel.
William Wheeler: Yes, you got it right. We have submitted, I guess, our report about our stress test calculations based on their guidelines. We've submitted those to the fed. Well, I don't know if there's an official report back date. I think people's expectation is, is that we will hear something from them by the end of the first quarter. I don't think, however, that those results are ever -- unlike the stress test that recurred in 2009. I don't think those results are ever going to be made public. But my guess is people will be able to puzzle out who did well and who didn't.
William Wheeler: Mark, well, I'm glad you asked that question. Well, obviously, we've had a lot of good news since Investor Day, both in terms of interest rates, the stock market, tax relief, a lot of good news. There are a couple of offsets, I would say. One is our PGAAP [purchase GAAP] -- on Investor Day, we said PGAAP wasn't done, it was close to done. It is now just finishing up getting finalized. I think our PGAAP accounting adjustments are going to be slightly less positive in terms of Alico accretion. It's not that material, but it's a little less positive. And the other thing I'd say is one offset from higher interest rates is the bank's profitability. MetLife Bank's profitability is probably going to be a little lower than what we originally forecast on Investor Day. And that has to do with both higher mortgage rates, there's going to be less volume, and as well as, I think, margins will be affected a little bit. So there are some offsets. Obviously, it's still in that positive story. But that, what I would say, are the two big areas of weakness.
William Wheeler: It's probably close to the run rate. I think what we're expecting for the full year now -- if you took the fourth quarter times four, I think you'd come up with about $190-plus million of earnings. It's possible it might end up a little softer than that. It’ll really, in my mind, depend a little bit on the overall macroeconomic recovery for the country in terms of what will housing starts ultimately do and new house buying activity. That'll obviously influence a little bit. People are expecting that, in terms of the new residential mortgage volume that's going to get originated in this country, like, this year is going to be the lowest it's been in 30 years. So it's not a very good environment.
William Wheeler: Well, there is a little of both. There is some unusual expenses, spending activity going on as we're revamping some administrative issues in terms of how we process new mortgage applications. So there is some spending going on there, but some of it is an aberration. It has to do with, remember, how we pay commissions and how commissions get paid in that business when volumes occurs. So at the beginning of that quarter, we had probably some of the highest volumes of the year when interest rates were still very low, and then it tapered off very quickly. But the commissions still had to get paid in that fourth quarter.
William Wheeler: Roughly $1 billion. And so the piece you’re still not catching is MetLife International, legacy International, which I don't have a conservative number on that -- it’s for the legacy business, too.
William Wheeler: No. The $1 billion is Alico stand-alone. I'm not sure exactly what the number is for legacy International. I would think it's something like $400 million or something like that, maybe $500,000,000.
William Wheeler: That's not an easy question to answer. We were discussing this last night because, obviously, somebody asked this last night. Talbi thinks that if it gets to 6%, if the 10-year Treasury gets to 6%, then maybe we should start thinking about that. So we went and looked up when the last time the 10-year Treasury was at 6%, and it was right around the year 2000, so basically, a decade ago. So needless to say, we have a long ways to go. And so it's hard to discuss that these upward moves, especially long-term rates are just anything except good. Obviously, it's a positive development for us.
William Wheeler: Yes, absolutely right. I mean, a real -- a very abrupt move, probably causes some disintermediation in some blocks of business, at least for a period of time. But the net result would still be -- we'd take that and still be thrilled.
William Mullaney: John, it's Bill Mullaney. Just to give some comment on the quarter overall for VA sales, obviously, a strong quarter, up 38%. We think the market grew fairly significantly in the quarter too. We don't have the full fourth quarter numbers, but we think year-over-year, the market could be up somewhere between 10% and 20%. And so obviously, we saw our share improve. We continue, we believe, to be the number two player in VAs, and we've talked about the fact that we want to be in the top three. We feel very comfortable with the level of business we wrote in the fourth quarter. I think some of the changes to the macroeconomic environment, that you reference, have helped. The improvement in the S&P and improvement in the interest rates have brought the returns on the business that we're writing now up into the target range. So we feel pretty good about that. As we've talked about before, there is some risk associated with this product, and it's a product that we continue to look at very closely and look at the risks that we're taking. We continue to hedge, and we're also continuing to look at what product features we might bring in to continue to manage the risk appropriately. But we fee pretty good about the business we're writing right now.
William Mullaney: Sure, Chris. What I said in an earlier call, it was either for the second quarter or the third, was when interest rates were down and equity markets were not performing -- we thought that the ROIs were in the low teens but we were covering our cost of capital. Since the macroeconomic environments have improved, we're seeing our ROIs now in the mid-teens.
William Mullaney: Sure, John. It's Bill Mullaney. Let me give you some perspective on the major businesses. First of all, dental continues to perform well. Claims are stabilizing there. And as we've talked about, we implemented some price increases in late 2009 that are taking effect throughout 2010. So dental is performing at expectation. Disability, although we're seeing some modest improvement, as Bill Wheeler talked about in his comments, it continues to lag what our expectations are. Incidence continue to be high, and recoveries are starting to improve a little bit, which is helping the results. So it has improved over the year-ago quarter but still below where we would want it to be. We also had, on some of the smaller businesses in that segment that we don't talk about very much, some volatile claim activity in our accidental death business as well as our Individual disability business, some high claims there. And that had some impact on the results. And then the last thing I will say is we did have higher expenses in the quarter in that segment. There were some one-time charges that we took associated with our decision to no longer sell new business for long-term care. And so those expenses showed up in the fourth quarter, and we don't expect them to show up in 2011. So the guidance that I talked about at Investor Day for 2011 for that segment, we continue to feel very comfortable with.
William Mullaney: Well, it's hard to say whether it's indicative of a trend. It's Bill Mullaney. What I would say is interest rates going up certainly helps the environment for that business. And the equity markets going up certainly helps the funding level of pension plans. So I would say as the macro environment continues to improve, that's certainly good for that business. As Rob said in his remarks, closeout sales were up sequentially for the last few quarters. It's mostly a collection of smaller deals, fairly well balanced between the U.S. and the U.K. So we continue to have discussions with plan sponsors and intermediaries about pension closeouts. And so we think that, over time, that's going to continue to be a good market for us.
William Toppeta: Sure, Chris. I would say it's going according to plan. It's a project that's going to take a number of years. So I would say, certainly, two years and maybe plus. And as you may recall, the agreement that we have, the closing agreement, gives us three years to complete the process. So I'd say we're on track, and it's going well, particularly in the more significant jurisdictions.
William Toppeta: Mark, it's Bill Toppeta. Again, a month or two doesn't make a trend, but I would say that what we're seeing is positive and certainly consistent with the plans that we gave you on Investor Day. So I would say good, as far as we go. But again, I would underline what Bill said earlier, a month or two doesn't make a trend.
William Toppeta: Yes. It's Bill Toppeta. I think the story is mostly attributable to Alico getting back to its pre-crisis levels. You remember on Investor Day, we gave you a chart on lapses and surrenders. And we said that the trend was getting back and below pre-crisis levels. That trend, I'm happy to say, continues since Investor Day. Also, with respect to sales getting back up to pre-crisis levels, that trend continues. And I would say, as Rob said at the beginning, the focus really is on the fundamentals of the business. It's on life insurance sales, accident and health sales, through the three or four strong channels that we have, so certainly face-to-face, but also a comeback in the bank channel and in the direct marketing channel. So it's basically a focus on the fundamentals, core products, core distribution and getting back to pre-crisis levels.
