John McCallion: Thank you, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to MetLife's third quarter 2011 earnings call. Before I start, let me briefly outline the logistics of today's call. We have a 2-hour call today divided into 2 sessions. The first session will focus on our third quarter 2011 results, which will end promptly at 8:55 a.m. We will take a 10-minute break, at which time the phones will be placed on musical hold. Then at 9:05 a.m., we will host a discussion to address market concerns about the potential long-term, low-interest rate environment in the U.S. Presentation materials for this interest rate discussion are currently available at MetLife.com through a link on the Investor Relations page. Now let's get started.  We will be discussing certain financial measures not based on generally accepted accounting principles, so-called non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures may be found on the Investor Relations portion of MetLife.com and our earnings press release, our quarterly financial supplements and in the other financial section. A reconciliation of forward-looking financial information to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is not accessible because MetLife believes it's not possible to provide a reliable forecast of net investment and net derivative in gains and losses, which can fluctuate from period-to-period and may have a significant impact on GAAP net income. Joining me this morning on the call are Steve Kandarian, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Wheeler, Chief Financial Officer. After their prepared remarks, we will take your questions. Also, here with us today to participate in the discussion are other members of management, including Bill Toppeta, President of International business; Bill Mullaney, President of U.S. Business; Steve Goulart; Chief Investment Officer; and Donna DeMaio, President of MetLife Bank. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Steve.
John McCallion: Okay. Thank you. Greg, and everyone on the phone, we'll take a 10-minute break, and we will come back to you at 9:05. Thanks.
John McCallion: Thank you, Greg. We apologize, everyone. We had some technical difficulties with AT&T. But welcome back and we're going to get through this session of the call. For this session of the call, we'll be referring to the interest rate presentation materials that can be found on the Investor Relations portion of MetLife.com.  Before I start, before we start, let me refer you to the safe harbor statement on Slide 2, and this governs the statements made on today's call. As the statement notes, any and all forward-looking statements may turn out to be wrong. For a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ, please see the risk factors in our 10-K and 10-Q reports filed with the SEC.  Starting on Slide 3, let me remind you that we will be using non-GAAP financial measures on today's call. Slide 3 and 4 explain how we calculate these measures and the reasons we believe they are useful reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in the appendix. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Steve Kandarian.
John McCallion: Thanks, Steve, and again, we'd like to apologize for the technical difficulties we had. This will be available for replay. Again, the dial-in number is the same as was in the press release at (320) 365-3844. And obviously, we in Investor Relations will be available for your questions as well. We're going to extend the call for 10 minutes for Q&A. I understand we're backing up against some other calls here, but for those that can stay on, we'll make ourselves available for another 10 minutes. So let me turn it back over to Greg for questions.
John McCallion: Well, thank you, everyone. Again, we will post the replay information on our Investor Relations portion of the website. And that's going to end the call. Thanks for joining.
William J. Mullaney: Well, as you know, we're taking some steps to bring the roll-up rate down and we set the roll-up rate on Max. It was very early in the year when interest rates were higher and there were some competitor products out there at 6%. We wanted Max to get good traction in the market and so we set a 6% roll-up rate. And then obviously, the macroeconomic environment changed by the time that product got in the market which, obviously, made it quite attractive, and that was a big contributor to the overall sales level in the third quarter. In addition, we did announce that we were bringing the roll-up rate down to 5.5%, so there is some fire sale impact in the third quarter as a result of that. So I think for the fourth quarter, you can expect to see sales be lower than they were in the third quarter probably in the $7 billion to $7.5 billion range. Again, you're going to see some fire sale impact because the changes didn't take place until the second week in October. And so we saw a pretty heavy volume on the 6% product in the first couple of weeks of October. But then the run rate will obviously come down as a result of being in 5.5%.
William J. Mullaney: Yes. Jimmy, we're looking very closely at that. For the third quarter, because of the volatility in the markets, the cost to hedge for the overall book was slightly above the fees that we were charging for the hedges. So we are monitoring that pretty closely. And over time, if edging cost don't come back in line, we would take some steps to adjust our fees.
William J. Mullaney: It's Bill Mullaney. So let me just add a little color to what Steve Kandarian said with his opening remarks about VAs. So we made a decision to drop the roll-up rate to 5.5%. That was effective in the middle of October. And then we since filed to bring our roll-up rate down to 5% and that change will take place in the first quarter. It's actually due first week of January of 2012. And so yes, I think the fourth quarter will be somewhat noisy. The run rate of VA sales just on the 5.5% product, a fire sale impact from going from 6% to 5.5% and there will be some, though I think a less of a fire sale impact going from 5.5% to 5%. A couple of points I'd make. The sales at 5.5%, the return on those sales are good. The ROIs are around 15%. And so even in the fourth quarter or in the third quarter, at the 9/30 capital markets, the returns on the products were about 14% on the Max product. The Max was over 2/3 of our VA sales in the third quarter. And by moving down to 5%, it also reduces our hedging costs and hedging costs are already reduced in the Max product because some of the hedging is being done inside the funds. So we think that the steps we're taking to bring the roll-up rate down will get us to an appropriate level of sales going into 2012.
William J. Mullaney: Mark, it's Bill Mullaney. The bank's contract is performing well in the annuity business. So even though the rider fees are slightly below the cost of hedging, we're still able to generate the returns that I talked about earlier.
William J. Mullaney: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everybody. In addition to the actions that we're taking on the investment portfolio, there are also actions being taken in the business to address the interest rate risk environment. As you would expect, the most impactful action we can take is to increase prices where we can on existing business. The most common way this is done is for products with shorter liabilities that renew periodically. An example of this is our group insurance businesses. This business renews annually, subject to rate guarantees. So we have the opportunity to adjust prices to reflect the current environment. Auto & Home is another business that renews annually where we have the ability to change prices. So as you saw in the earlier slide, these businesses are not particularly interest rate sensitive. We also have some longer liability businesses in which the contract permits us to increase prices. As we have discussed in the past, we've been raising prices on our in-force long-term care business to improve returns.  On Slide 26, here are some additional actions that we're taking and some of the actions that we can take in the future in dealing with low interest rates. For longer liability businesses where we can change prices, here is some actions we can take: In our variable annuity business, for example, one of the actions we are pursuing is adding some of the new funds that we have in our new VA product to our in-force business. These funds are managed to reduce volatility but also reduce interest rate exposure by virtue of the interest rate swaps that are in the protected growth strategies funds. As a result, these products require less capital. Getting these funds adopted in existing business in a meaningful way could increase returns by reducing our capital requirements. It will also decrease the amount of hedging that we need to do since some of the hedges are embedded in the funds. If low interest rates persist, we're also looking at implementing an increase in fees when a VA policyholder elects to step up the contract to the higher income base. We have more flexibility on business we write going forward as we can adjust prices to reflect the current environment. In the past, we've talked about how we measure returns on new business. As interest rates have come down over the last couple of years, we continue to adjust prices to reflect the low interest rate environment. More interest rate-sensitive products such as Universal Life, structured settlements, pension closeouts and Group Disability have all seen increases in prices, in some cases, multiple price increases to reflect our expected returns on the assets investment, and we will continue to do this. Another action we've taken is to reduce the minimum interest rate guarantees we have embedded in our products. Before the year 2000, it was not uncommon for many products to have minimum interest rate guarantees of 3%. Over the last decade, we've been reducing these minimum guarantees. The total control account is a great example of this. The 3% minimum guaranteed rate was reduced to 1.5% in April 2003, and reduced again to 0.5% in April 2009. We're also considering whether to reduce the minimum further to reflect the current environment, and we are taking similar steps with our other products. And finally we can put greater emphasis on selling less interest rate-sensitive products, either through pricing actions, adjusting compensation to agents or placing some limits on more interest rate-sensitive offerings. And not on the slide here, but obviously, we also have the option to reduce expenses and our businesses as we look to maintain returns in the low interest rate environment. With that, let me turn it back over to Steve Kandarian.
William J. Wheeler: So Jimmy, I mean, I think the answer to that is pretty simple. We actually generally don't add back market impact one way or another. And I think the only time I can remember that we did adjust for it is when we had a huge change in the performance of the stock market. So we actually did debate whether or not we should kind of add this to normalizing run rate. But I guess my feeling is, is that markets move up and down, that's a part of the business we're in. And unless it truly distorted the number, it shouldn't be adjusted.
William J. Wheeler: Well, I can't remember the third quarter of the last year right at the top of my head. But I'm not -- there isn't some special message there. We decided...
William J. Wheeler: Okay. What we'll do is, I mean -- we thought we'll give people the information. Obviously, we'll quantify the market impact and let them decide what they should normalize.
William J. Wheeler: Okay. You have 3 questions. So I'll answer 1 and 3 and then I'll let Mr. Mullaney answer 2. So with regard to stat earnings, yes. So we did report basically a breakeven stat operating earnings quarter. And you're right, it was driven. The breakeven number was driven by the fact that we did have to increase some of our stat reserves because of the VA not just the sales necessarily, the strain from the sales, but because of the market performance in the third quarter. And that order of magnitude after tax was $400 million, $500 million. Now keep in mind that the hedging offset to that, and that's what I tried to say in my prepared remarks is, doesn't actually flow through the income statement. But it does -- it shows up later in our statutory financials. Stat is strange. And if you picked all of our hedging, including the hedging related to the VAs, obviously, we had a very, very big stat gain with regard to total adjusted capital. So yes, we did have some strain caused by market performance in the variable annuity block, but it was, obviously, substantially offset by hedging activity.
William J. Wheeler: Well, yes, you do have ongoing strain. But remember, just keep in mind that we have a very large variable annuity block, which we have ongoing fees. So yes, so we have decent stat strain from commissions every quarter, right? But obviously, our inforce sort of overwhelms that number in terms of the profits we get. So with regard to the bank, look, I would just say we talked about a sale process. That sale process is on track, and so we're confident we will be able to sell the bank. But if we do have a -- if for some reason that doesn't happen or we would probably Plan B, though I think this would be in the extreme scenario, is we would wind it down, but I think a sale is much more likely.
William J. Wheeler: This is Bill Wheeler. I'll do the tax thing really quickly. I think our projected tax rate that we said at the beginning of the year would be about -- effective tax rate would be about 30% because earnings are coming in just a little bit lower, mainly because of a lot of the one timers we've talked about of this call. We've moved the effective tax rate down to 29% for the year and the catch-up occurred this quarter. So that's why you see the dip to 26%. So it's a true up basically based on what's happened the last 2 quarters but still just getting the overall tax rate down to 29%.
William J. Wheeler: We are going to give those estimates on Investor Day in early December. We're not quite ready to give people, I think, a refined estimate. Just a little color, of course, the thing that will impact us, more than others is maybe the fact that we have a substantial amount of VOBA which has been created through our acquisitions over the past number of years. So we do expect that earnings drag, though we'd be able to quantify that more clearly in early December.
William J. Wheeler: Well, it's more about Alico, but that's only because Alico is the biggest and the most recent. Obviously, VOBA has been created on other acquisitions like travelers and such.
William J. Wheeler: No, no. VOBA -- remember DAC gets wiped out in purchase accounting and it's replaced by VOBA. VOBA is value of business acquired, so it's really sort of determining the value of the in-force block based on various discount rates and hurdle returns. That's how VOBA gets built.
William J. Wheeler: You're right. It is low. But remember that's the 2016 number. It actually -- it's interesting, the impact is later in the 2016 time frame as assumptions get modified and smoothed. It's a bigger impact in the early years and that's factored into that $0.21.
William J. Wheeler: No. Actually it's from now until then. But it starts -- if it's a $50 million impact then, it's a bigger number now and then as the impact gets smoothed over time. But in the $0.21 number for 2012, we include the full '12 impact of the pension.
William J. Wheeler: Yes. The hedging offsets, and that was in my remarks, are in these numbers. And it's not pro rata or anything like that. The derivative, the specific derivatives contracts, which are both swaps and floors as well as swaptions are allocated to different portfolio and of course, it's the match the risk and the liability shape and things like that. So that's how it's allocated.
William J. Wheeler: I think the way to look at that is look at the chart. Let's just go to that page quickly. Whatever it is, got to dig down there. I think it's on Page 23. And you can kind of see that. If you assume the orange line, which is the middle, in 2016 you can see that the numbers crudely $600 million pretax derivative income from all these contracts.
William J. Wheeler: No. There's no cliff. Remember, the way stat works, we're actually projecting the cash flows to the life of the liability and then present valuing it back. So we're not thinking that somehow magically in, like 2017 that answer will change. And the GAAP analysis works the same way. So there wouldn't be a cliff kind of impact there.
Steven A. Kandarian: This is Steve. The Fed process is one in which a disclosure around their supervisor information is not permitted. Some of the language you heard from us actually was approved specifically by the Fed for us to give to you because we felt that given their action, we really needed to say more than simply we can't raise our dividend. So the language we gave you is pretty much all we can tell you about the inter-workings of this process. We're simply not allowed to give you more than what we've given so far. So I'm sorry to limit it, but it's not our decision in terms of what can be disclosed.
Steven A. Kandarian: I think it's not a wise thing for us in the middle of this process with the Fed to start putting out those numbers. We're working with the Fed closely, you can be assured our board and we, management, are in sync on this issue. We want to return capital to our shareholders as soon as possible. We're working hard with the Fed to enable that to happen.
Steven A. Kandarian: Obviously,, at this point, no one knows exactly who will be designated a non-bank SIFI or if you are designated, what the rules will be. And I suspect we won't know who's designated till some time in 2012. And as to what it means, it might even be 2013. So that's just a guess on my part, but that seems to be the direction things are going in. The hope is, over time, people in Washington will understand the difference between the banking business model and the insurance industry business model. And they are quite different. Very different liquidity, factors in terms of what kinds of liabilities they have. It's just a very different business model. One of the challenges is, Washington has not regulated insurance. The states have. And the level of understanding of our industry is relatively limited. It's growing, but it's relatively limited at this point in time. And we and others in the industry are working hard to help those in Washington making these policies better understand the differences in these models. And if we are designated a non-bank SIFI, what might be the appropriate way to regulate that group of companies. At the end of the day, we are discussing this issue at length with people in Washington and we're trying to make sure they understand the importance of a level regulatory field for our industry, so that they don't simply pluck out a few companies and say you are non-bank SIFI and everyone else is not. So that's also very important to us, and the story is unfolding over, really, years here, and our hope is we get to the right answer at the end of the day. But no one knows at this point how this will sort out.
Steven A. Kandarian: Andrew, it's Steve. On the SIFI question, we'd be regulated both by the Fed and we continue to be regulated by the state regulators. So it would be both.
Steven A. Kandarian: FSOC is going to been involved in determining whether you're a non-bank SIFI but the regulation will be by the Fed going forward, if you're designated as such.
Steven A. Kandarian: Thank you, Bill. Let me wrap up by summarizing the key takeaways from today's call, starting on Slide 28. Overall, even if interest rates remained at historically low levels for another 5 years, MetLife's earnings will continue to grow, the impact in our balance sheet would be modest, no stat reserve strengthening will be required and most importantly , we will continue to generate excess capital. We also possess a number of tools that management can and would use to respond to protracted low rates.  To conclude on Slide 29, I believe MetLife is less of a play on a 10-year treasury and more of a play on the growing middle class around the world, which is eagerly seeking financial protection and retirement security. It is our diversification that will provide us with strong and growing earnings. Even under a scenario of prolonged low interest rates, the U.S. business would hold steady while the International business would provide continued earnings growth. This is yet another testament to our commitment to managing MetLife for the long term. We saw the financial downturn coming long before others and took a number of steps that might have seemed overly cautious at the time. Now with our recent acquisition of Alico and the actions we have taken in our U.S. business, we are well positioned to weather a prolonged period of low interest rates. If rates returned to more normal levels, the amount of value we create for our shareholders will only accelerate. With that, I will turn the call back to John McCallion.
Steven A. Kandarian: Tom, that's correct. If the bank gets sold and we're no longer a bank holding company. The Fed would not be approving our capital management. Obviously, it's a little time before we get that bank sold, we're doing everything we can to move that along as fast as possible, but there are number of regulatory approvals that are necessary to go through. So I can't tell you exactly the timing is going to be. We're hoping by the end of the second quarter of 2012, that we'd no longer be a bank holding company. Tom, I should probably add that we're going to resubmit here in January and are looking forward to hearing back from the Fed sometime before the end of March. So you can figure out that timing in terms of bank holding company.
Steven A. Kandarian: Yes. So most likely, we'll be receiving a response from the Fed before we're no longer a bank holding company.
Steven A. Kandarian: Let me start by saying our expectation is our plan will be approved next year. So that's our starting point. So you're saying what if it's not approved? We will continue generating excess capital. We will look for ways to deploy it. We hope to no longer be a bank holding company by midyear. So we will -- things will unfold on that basis.
Steven A. Kandarian: We'll look at M&A in the normal course. Obviously, we look at it in the context of how accretive is it compared to a share buyback. Right now, as you know, we can't do the share buyback, but our assumption is, we will be able to do share buybacks in the first part of next year. So we will continue looking at M&A opportunities. We inform the Fed about our activities, but we don't seek approval from them.
Steven J. Goulart: Let me comment on private equity and sec lending. For private equity, as Bill said, we had very good returns this quarter. But given the lag in that and given what happened in the third quarter equity markets, we do expect that to fall off in the fourth quarter. And we wanted everyone to realize that again just reminding you that there's a lag in our performance, and so we'll probably see that in the fourth quarter. Sec lending continues to be very stable and very strong for us, and over the near term, we don't see that really changing. Our balances remain pretty flat and margins still remain very positive. The curve has seen some compression, but given our investment strategies and low cost of funds, we're able to maintain the spreads that we have in our business. And like I said, we foresee that continuing in the near future.
Steven J. Goulart: It's Steve Goulart. Yes we are. I mean, again, we're reflecting how we think the investment portfolio would performed given this [Audio Gap] [Technical Difficulty]
Steven J. Goulart: Nigel, it's Steve. Some of this is -- also what I commented on in the low rate scenario, too. What we're seeing today is really still great opportunities in private asset originations and commercial mortgages and agricultural mortgages. So we have been over the course of the year, increasing our allocations of those sectors. And as we look forward to next year, we're likely to see that relationship continue. At the same time we continue to check from a relative value basis how it compares versus other opportunities and traditional corporate bonds and the like. But we really like what we see in private assets.
