William J. Wheeler: Suneet, it's Bill Wheeler. The -- I think the ROIs that we talked about on the previous call, I think those are still consistent even in the fourth quarter. Obviously, we had, I would say, a little bit lower than 15% ROI on our VA sales. The cost of hedging is still relatively high, and so that obviously depressed the number a little bit. We don't consider those returns adequate. And so obviously that's why we changed the roll-up rate at the beginning of January back down to 5%, and we've also changed a number of other features. I guess I would say by the way, just keep in mind when we talk about ROIs, we're talking about fully allocated expenses here, not marginal expenses, and that's always important. That's how we look at it, and we think that's the right way to look at it. And so we feel the sales, clearly, we had in the fourth quarter and in the latter part of the year were above our cost of capital. We created value through those sales, but we think we need to improve. And so therefore, that's why we've changed our pricing.
William J. Wheeler: Well, obviously, it depends on market conditions, but we want to be 15%-plus in terms of ROIs. The risk profile of that product is such that we think we need to earn 15%-plus.
William J. Wheeler: We're still pursuing that strategy, but it's one of, I would say, a group of strategies we're doing to improve the performance of the in-force book. And so as a whole, I think they will have -- as a group, I think they'll have an impact that is measurable. But that one technique is -- it'll depend on the adoption and the investment in that -- in those new funds, which, by the way, have performed very well. So it's nothing to do with how the funds have performed. But you got to change policyholder behavior a little bit to want to invest in those new funds under existing annuities. So I would say that we’re pursuing a number of strategies to improve the profitability of the in-force block, and that's one of them.
William J. Wheeler: Well, our whole product is designed with a series of assumptions about -- we use this phrase dynamic lapse rate assumptions, which means as the products get more in the money, and they're relatively in the money now even though we've had a nice rally of the stock market, just mainly because they're in low interest rates, they're in the money, or the guarantees are in the money, is that -- therefore, we assume that lapse rates will go down. And that's how the businesses -- and therefore, the accounting adjusts for that. I think utilization rates -- we assume that consumers are going to utilize or annuitize fairly efficiently. That means if they are in the money and the guarantee is valuable, they will take advantage of that. That's what -- and then we hedge accordingly. So we assume that they'll act appropriately. As a matter of real experience, I'm not sure. I think that's a very conservative assumption.
William J. Wheeler: Yes, absolutely. So we're -- well, so the lapse rates where they are today, we think is -- we're not surprised by that and that' sort of what -- how the product is designed and how the accounting works. And in terms of actually annuitizing, we're not seeing a lot of people at -- the very first policy holders are able now to annuitize, and it's not a big enough sample to really draw any conclusions from -- remember, because they have to wait 10 years. And the level of annuitization is very modest, and we're assuming a lot more -- well, the way we hedge, we assume more will annuitize.
William J. Wheeler: Okay. With regard to group disability, I thought Eric explained it pretty well. Incidence rates are actually down, which is a good sign. And the claim closure rates are below plan and below expectations and actually ticked down a little bit in the fourth quarter, which is not good, and that's all about getting people back to work. And so that's very much driven by the macro factor. Where that goes from here? We hope it improves. We're not sure. What -- the way we're dealing with that, of course, is -- and the other final thing, by the way, which is just unusual, is we had some fairly high severity in our disability claims, and that's just a blip. We suspect that'll come back down to a normal level of severity, probably in the next quarter. But you never can be sure. The way we're dealing with this is obviously through pricing and obviously making sure we manage claims appropriately. We're -- because the environment is still difficult, we've been raising prices in our group disability business for a while. So that leads to the competitive environment question. Clearly, we've seen a shift in terms of group competitors, in terms of how aggressive they've been to obtain business, and that's good. We've seen that both in Group Life and in Group Disability, and I think -- so the environment is clearly from a pricing -- but getting better. Okay. Just -- I'll do the last one on hedging. As I just, I think, mentioned a few minutes ago, so our hedging costs in the fourth quarter were relatively flat with where they were in the third quarter, which means that they're higher than the fee we're charging on the rider, a little bit higher. Now that's obviously not great. But you have to always remember that we're earning a substantial fee on the base contract, and that's very important. So that's why we still make a return that's just a little south of 15% in the fourth quarter, even though these hedging costs are higher.
William J. Toppeta: Andrew, it's Bill Toppeta. In terms of where we think the PFOs will go next year, the total for international, as we gave you on the investor call in December, would be approximately 6%. And the breakdown on that is Japan would be a little bit above 5%, and then the other regions would be about 6.7%. So I think that there are a couple of things that will drive that going forward. The first thing I would say is a big emphasis, pretty much, in all regions on the Accident and Health business. We expect that there's going to be a strong emphasis on A&H growth in all regions. In fact, we just came back from Latin America, where there's very strong growth in A&H in a number of countries. We're seeing very strong A&H growth in Korea. So I think the trend is very good. Another point I think would be related to persistency. There are number of management actions being taken around persistency, particularly in Japan but also in other places. I think what we saw this year was a little bit of a delay in getting that started, and that was related to the earthquake. So we're probably -- and I've mentioned this before, we're probably about 3 to 4 months late on the persistency initiatives. Nonetheless, the trend is very good. The trend this year in Japan has improved persistency by about a percentage point, and that's going to benefit premiums and fees next year, of course. And we expect that there's going to be continued growth with that. So I think those are a couple of the factors that make us confident that we can achieve the premium fee growth that I outlined going forward.
William J. Toppeta: Yes. The margins -- actually, the margins -- this is related to the shift between FAS 60 products and FAS 97 products. The margins -- and we've looked at several of these products, the margins are every bit as good on FAS 97 products. So while you may get a lower PFO number, your profitability is going to hold.
William J. Toppeta: Well, I think we probably will be looking at something like that for next year, something between say 0.5 to 0.7, maybe up to a full point of improvement depending upon how successful we are. But I think it's in that range.
William J. Toppeta: No, we absolutely expect growth. In fact, I think that A&H sales growth in Japan is expected to be strong. And I think the reason for that is a focus on distribution. So there's going to be a lot of focus on A&H in both -- well, all 3 channels. I would say, in face-to-face, we certainly are doing very well with respect to the independent agency in Japan. I think we'll get good strength there, but we'll get even bigger emphasis in the career agent force. Sale of A&H through the banks is another emphasis. And then in DM, but DM with sponsors. So I think that we're going to -- in all those channels, we expect to get good -- very good growth in A&H sales in Japan.
Steven A. Kandarian: So, Jimmy, on the capital deployment issue. As I mentioned in my remarks, we have submitted our plan to the Fed earlier this year. We expect to hear back before the end of this quarter. We feel very good about our submission. We feel very good about our capital position, and we are hopeful that we'll be able to return capital to our shareholders this year. But we must await a response from the Federal Reserve. As to what we will do with that capital, obviously, we're looking at all the possible avenues there, dividends, share buybacks, opportunistic M&A that fits our strategic direction and which provides shareholder value and which provides accretion to our earnings and markets that we think are desirable. All those things are on the table.
Steven A. Kandarian: Well, let me say this, the -- we've submitted what we're comfortable doing in terms of capital redeployment for 2012 to the Fed. And again, we can't prejudge things, but we feel good about our submission, and we are hopeful that we'll be able to execute it here over the course of the year. The numbers that we talked to you about, $6 billion to $7 billion by year end, of course, that builds over time. So that capital will be there by year end absent any deployment, well, to see what happens over the course of this year in terms of we do run the areas of dividends and share buybacks, again based upon what we hear back from the fed, and, well, to see what happens in the M&A arena over the course of the year. We look at most any property that's put up for sale. We have very strict criteria in terms of what we will pursue and what price. But as we mentioned, we have done some deals recently in Turkey, in Eastern Europe, and we'll be looking at other opportunities over the course of this year. So I can't really say exactly what we'll be doing with that full $6 billion to $7 billion we anticipate having by year end over -- I'd say it'll be a 2-year process, because a lot of this depends upon what happens in the marketplace in the M&A arena and also depends upon what kind of reaction we get from the Federal Reserve to our submission. And as you point out, we are de-banking. Process is under way. We're hopeful that will conclude sometime midyear this year. And that would put us in a different status at that point in time, and that will be taken into account in terms of how we deploy our capital as well.
Steven A. Kandarian: We will talk at much greater length at our May call. But let me go through the -- some guiding principles. I'll give you some insights into our thinking here. So first, let me start by saying, obviously, the acquisition of Alico, $16.3 billion acquisition, transformed MetLife. We went from being a largely domestic-focused life insurance company to being a truly global business. Now a lot has to happen to catch up with that business in terms of culture, organization, and we've been doing quite a bit in that arena as you've heard from us. So that's one issue that we'll be talking more about. We've talked about how easy it is to do business with us and being more customer-centric going forward and in allowing people to interact with us on the basis that they want to. That doesn't mean excluding channels we're in now. It means, really, in addition here in terms of allowing people to interact with us on a number of different bases. Let me add also talent. We talked a lot about our talent here. You've already heard about some high-level hires to MetLife and more coming in the area of the CFO and President of Asia positions. Another issue to talk about is how we look at our businesses overall as a portfolio, both in terms of products and geographies, and making sure there's a balance there, especially when you take into account risk. So your question allude to A&H, lower capital charge kind of product, strong ROE kind of product, so obviously we want a good balance between the different products we sell. We've told you today that our guidance around VAs for 2012 is roughly $18 billion. That is down from 2011. That's related to our way of looking at risk and making sure we balance this portfolio of products that we offer to the marketplace. And finally, I'll just say in terms of guiding principles, all these things I just mentioned that are heretofore is because we're trying to drive shareholder value. That's the bottom line. And if we do all those things well, we will drive shareholder value, and we're confident we can do that.
