Steven Albert Kandarian: Hi, Jimmy, it's Steve. We're looking at different options. As we said in the prepared remarks, we're just trying to find the best transaction form to derive the greatest benefit for the company overall. Increased volatility in the marketplace impacts, in an exchange offer, equity for equity, the discount you have to give to get enough people to come forward to transact with you to make it a successful exchange offer. So, that's a factor now because the change in volatility from the time we first thought about the form of transaction. But nothing has changed regarding our intent, which is to transact this year. And I think we said before kind of the May-June timeframe is as early as we can start, because of filing requirements that have to come into place, driven out of Brighthouse. So the timeframe hasn't changed and the intent in terms of retiring MetLife shares and disposing of Brighthouse shares has not changed.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Andrew, it's Steve. Look, we're – any company decides, at MetLife there's always some change in management from time to time. One of the questions that came up to us after this announcement was why the timing and so on and so forth, but once a decision on John Hele's retirement was made, we decided it was important for the incoming CFO, John McCallion, to oversee the filing of our financial statements for this quarter, and to present on this earnings call to all of you. So you may or may not know but under SEC rules, once a decision is made at this level of an executive, you have to file with the SEC a disclosure within four days. So it's not like there's a great deal of flexibility about timing of announcements. So that's drives a lot of it.
Steven Albert Kandarian: No. So there were two separate tracks, think of it that way. One was John's retirement and the other was we had a quarter coming up to announce. And look, in any big company, there's never a great or perfect time for an announcement of a major change at senior executive levels. I can say a whole bunch of other things besides just the quarter that come up over the course of the year in terms of important points in time in terms of when a Chief Financial Officer would be presenting. So there's never a perfect time. And these two separate tracks were going on. And once the retirement decision was made, then we have to announce.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Yeah, I'd say a year from now, there's probably a decline in $30 million to $40 million of TSA fees is expected. But I think it depends on how fast the exits occur and that's not a real precise number, but give or take.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Yeah, there was a separate line on strand and you saw that uptick and that is effectively the roll-off of the TSA fees.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Yeah, so we're still aligned to what we provided at Investor Day in 2016. So like you said, we said we'd get gross saves of $400 million in 2017. I think you can see the math is there. And then, we're expecting to get another $300 million -$275 million or whatever, roughly, during the course of 2018. And then, I'd just say on the quarter, as I said in my prepared remarks, we think it's very important to focus on the annual expense ratio. Now, we gave you Q1 2018 as a reference, but even 2017 you saw varying quarter-to-quarter expense ratios, so we really think looking at the trend of the annual rate is probably the best way to think about it.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yeah, hey, Jimmy, it's John. Yeah, I would just refer you back. I think the statistics we gave back in the fourth quarter hold today. We have roughly $2.5 billion more stat reserves than we do GAAP. So, it's $14.3 billion in stat and $11.7 billion in GAAP. I think we've talked about the rate actions that we've taken. I'd just reference back to the rate actions. We've been fairly successful getting approval over the course of the years. We referenced 7% over the $750 million of premium we get annually. So, all those things were a factor into the good results. I don't know if, Marty, you want to add any color.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: So, yeah, we assume a forward rate increase in ultimately getting to our long-term rate of 4.5% – in testing. In the reserves, there's no increase. So, for loss recognition testing, cash flow testing, we would assume that, but for reserving, there's no increase.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yeah, it's John, Ryan. I think that's more timing. There's no change to our capital management plans for 2018.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yeah, that's all-in, right? We said it's a $1.050 billion on a gross basis and then net of strand gets us down to the $800 million.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yeah, hey, Sean, it's John. Look, I think what Steve talked about is there are alternatives, right? And a debt for equity would be one. I think right now we wouldn't want to get into too much details. We want to maintain flexibility here. And there's a number of other reasons why we can't get into how we might do it. But as Steve said, there's a few options for us to pursue and we'll pursue the most economically beneficial one of those.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yeah, hey, Tom, it's John. Look, I think we are, as we've said before, there's a lot of work to do. First thing is to identify the root cause. Then we need to implement the full set of procedures. We've done some things, as I articulated in my prepared remarks. But we need to implement the full set of controls and then we need to observe those for a sufficient period of time and usually that's at least two quarters. So but our target for clearing the material weaknesses is still 2018.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: How you doing? I would go back to that slide that we put in the supplemental deck, right, where we showed the ratios, and let's start there. So, remember, we think, as I emphasized, we think the annual expense ratio is the best metric. If you look over 2015 to 2017, we're down about 100 basis points and you think that we have roughly $45 billion in revenue, we have about $400 million of savings. And that effectively goes to the bottom line. That's pre-tax, but that's the improvement in our profit margin, as I said. So, yeah, the short answer to your question on the $800 million is, yes, we'd expect that to be an improvement in profit margin post all the actions being taken 2020 on.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: John, I'm going to take my 48-hour pass go card on this one, if that's all right. But, yeah, we'll get back to you on that in more detail.
John McCallion - MetLife, Inc.: Yeah, hey, Alex, it's John. I think the simple answer at this time is probably just to put you back to the outlook call. We gave you those sensitivities. We think they're holding well, and if you were to use those relative to what happened in the quarter, I think you'll see that they still hold so.
Martin J. Lippert: I guess I would just add that from both the underwriting results as well as expense control that we're seeing there, as well as the rate actions, all of those are moving in a very positive direction. As John mentioned in his opening comments, that's resulting in us feeling much more comfortable about 2018. And relative to the guidance that we gave at the outlook call last year is what's contributed to us moving that guidance up. So all in all, I think, across MetLife Holdings and specifically with respect to long-term care, we're seeing very positive results.
Martin J. Lippert: Yeah, so it's Marty Lippert. We still are very comfortable with our reserve adequacy and our experience continues to emerge consistent with our reserving assumptions. We test our GAAP and stat reserves annually and are comfortable with the reserve margins that are indicated in those tests. So, yeah, we continue to feel good about it.
Martin J. Lippert: It's Marty Lippert. In MetLife Holdings business we actually had a very good quarter with respect to underwriting across the board. We would expect that to move back into our normal range that we've communicated to you in the past of between 50% and 55% for the quarter that was in the 47.5% range.
Michel A. Khalaf: Yeah, hi, Andrew, this is Michel. So three factors influencing the increase in the expense item. One is the reinstatement of the health insurance tax. So that drives the expense ratio up, it benefits our loss ratio in non-medical health. And the other two factors were – one was the timing of some technology investments that we're making. We had announced in the second half of last year a major initiative in partnership with IBM, additional platform that would help drive our growth in the small market segment, which we feel is an attractive segment for us. So we're seeing some of that investment flow through. And then, as we continue to emphasize voluntary business and we continue to grow that component in terms of our overall sales, that's also having an impact on our acquisition cost. But, as a reminder, again, voluntary is a very attractive segment and it's very consistent with our strategy to grow in that area.
Michel A. Khalaf: Let me start with RIS, Erik. So, we had favorable underwriting in particular in our U.S. pensions business. I would also point out that in the first quarter of 2017, we had also some reserve adjustments which impacted our underwriting in that quarter so that's what you're seeing here. Obviously underwriting can vary quarter to quarter.
Michel A. Khalaf: No, just to re-emphasize what John mentioned, we think the opportunity in the market will be attractive in terms of flows this year. We've had constructive engagements with the key intermediaries and brokers for this business and we have no indication that our competitive position would be negatively impacted by the RIS issue.
