Edward A. Spehar: Thank you, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to MetLife's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. We will be discussing certain financial measures not based on Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, so-called non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures and related definitions to the most directly comparable GAAP measures may be found on the Investor Relations portion of metlife.com, in our earnings press release and our quarterly financial supplements. A reconciliation of forward-looking financial information to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is not accessible because MetLife believes it's not possible to provide a reliable forecast of net investment and net derivative gains and losses, which can fluctuate from period to period and may have a significant impact on GAAP net income. Now joining me this morning on the call are Steve Kandarian, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Hele, Chief Financial Officer. After their prepared remarks, we will take your questions. Also here with us today to participate in the discussions are other members of management, including Bill Wheeler, President of the Americas; Steve Goulart, Chief Investment Officer; Michel Khalaf, President of EMEA; and Chris Townsend, President of Asia. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Steve.
Edward A. Spehar: Thank you, John. Before we start Q&A, [Operator Instructions]. With that, Greg, if we could please take the first question.
Edward A. Spehar: Thank you, everyone, for joining us, and we look forward to speaking with you on next -- at our Investor Day. Thank you.
Steven A. Kandarian: Yes, indeed. I would say that the policymakers, people in the Hill, others in Washington are listening carefully to the arguments. There is a lot of debate going on. I think it's healthy. I think having these views on the table is important to make sure we get it right. This is an important industry. It affects millions of Americans across our country. And it's just really important that these financial protection products are still going to be available and affordable to people going forward, especially at a time when the social safety net's under a lot of pressure in our country. So I think people are being very thoughtful about the discussion, are listening carefully, and I'm hopeful that when things finally transpire here, that we'll get a solution that makes sense.
Steven A. Kandarian: We don't have any clarity on that, Suneet. Having statements coming out of FSOC that they think that the first designations of nonbank SIFIs will be coming, and the word they used was soon. But obviously, that word doesn't have really a great deal of specificity to it. So we have to wait and see how that sorts out.
Steven A. Kandarian: Nigel, we think a strong dividend and buybacks are both important to our shareholders. Those are 2 goals of ours going forward. As you've seen, we've increased our dividend by 49% for the second quarter and going forward. And we've also mentioned today that there are no buybacks planned in 2013. That's what we're working with as an assumption. Clearly, the regulatory environment is a key factor in terms of what we do in regard to buybacks, and we're waiting for more clarity around that topic right now. So I think it's as prudent on our part to take a wait-and-see attitude around how the regulations sorts out here over the course of the year before we make commitments about buybacks.
Steven A. Kandarian: No. In terms of talking to the Fed, as you know, we sold our bank in January. We legally de-banked in February. We're no longer regulated by the Federal Reserve. It wouldn't be appropriate for us to go to them at this point in time, although I'll tell you that, certainly, we went through the stress test exercise in late 2011, early 2012. We had $1.10 dividend request in that test, and we already made that public. Back in 2012, we made that public. So the Fed certainly is aware of our desire to have $1.10 dividend.
Steven A. Kandarian: Jimmy, it's Steve. The questions of being what Basel standards, and we've heard from officials in Washington, is it going to be Basel I for insurance companies? Will it be some other form of Basel? Will it not be Basel? It's really very much up in the air right now, and that's why we continue to make the argument in Washington that whatever rules come forward for nonbank SIFIs should be tailored to the industry they're regulating and not relate to a bank or bank-like approach for regulation.
Steven A. Kandarian: A straight Basel 3 regime, it would be a very difficult capital regime for us to operate under. There's no question.
Steven A. Kandarian: No. It's very consistent with our plan in terms of 20-plus percent sales growth year-over-year. That was our expectation. Look, we're -- and a lot of that is driven by direct marketing, but it's really coming in a lot of areas of the business as well.
Steven A. Kandarian: No. That -- that's not what I was saying. I was asked a question earlier if we informed the Fed or ran by the Fed our decision to raise the dividend to $1.10 before announcing that. So I said was because we're no longer regulated by the Fed, it would be inappropriate for us to go them seeking approval or something of that nature. But I noted that when we went through the stress test, that was our -- part of our submission was having $1.10 dividend. So they're certainly aware of our desire to raise the dividend to $1.10 for the common shareholder.
John C. R. Hele: Sure. The -- in the $4.8 billion is where we plan to be given the timing of our expenses and sub-dividends, how we get them in the flows in and out. We did have a placeholder, as we mentioned, for Dodd-Frank derivative collateral rules. Those are still a bit influx. The original rules that were specified last year in the U.S. were somewhat onerous. However, the international rules had a longer phase-in period and were not as onerous. There's still a discussion going on between which ones are going to be adopted. I believe they're leaning very much on the international, less onerous rules with a longer phase-in period. But for now, we're going to keep the placeholder in, and we'll have to see how things develop throughout the year.
John C. R. Hele: We've gotten net, and this is mainly heading to the U.S. There's about $115 million, but we have some onetime costs of about $40 million. So the net to the bottom line is about $75 million.
John C. R. Hele: Now the -- yes, some -- but some of our reinvestment, yes, the $600 million is a net number. So we plan to get to $1 billion with a $400 million reinvest over time when we get out there. So the -- we'll start to have some more reinvest heading then in future periods as well.
John C. R. Hele: Yes, I'd say we're about halfway there, maybe 1/3 to 1/2. The reinvestment timing is still going to be phased in, but we've made good progress here.
John C. R. Hele: Well, the -- this is John. The lapse assumptions are consistent with what we communicated at the last quarter in terms of the changes to the lapse functions. We had a slight model refinement in the calculating of the impact on operating earnings. It had no impact below the line and statutory assumptions are the same as we used for GAAP.
John C. R. Hele: Yes, so we have given you some guidance here. Steve gave you some operating earnings sensitivities to lower rates. We still have a meaner version assumptions on very long-term contracts that do gear up over time, and we are comfortable with that now and are comfortable for the foreseeable future. We still have the Federal Reserve doing extensive bond-buying in the markets. We're not certainly in normal situations. I think we have to wait and see for some period of time how that would resolve, and we would rethink about our long-term assumptions. But for now and for '13, certainly, and going into '14, we're comfortable with our long-term assumptions, which is what drives the GAAP and DAC.
John C. R. Hele: We kind of look at this -- we look at this on an annual basis because we have very long-term contracts. Long-term care is probably the longest of the liabilities, so we have long liabilities. The pension business, the life insurance is all very long-term liabilities, and you have to really think carefully about how you set these long-term assumptions given we're still in the aftermath of '08, with a lot of activity by federal governments looking at and working on interest rates. So we will take it year by year and think it through carefully.
John C. R. Hele: Right. This is John, Mark. Currency is always an interesting thing to think about. We have decided, we take it quarter-by-quarter. We meet and decide, do we want to take a position on the yen or not? We did so far with input from our investment group and thinking about our business there. But again, it is a quarter-to-quarter plan for us in terms of how we think about it. And we've got the protection that we've told you about.
John C. R. Hele: No. We don't have that issue that prudential does. We have multicurrency reporting and that we avoid that volatility that prudential has.
John C. R. Hele: I honestly don't know. We'll see what happens in 2013 in terms of regulation. We'll have a much greater clarity. It is our goal, as I mentioned earlier, to provide a good yield on our stock through an appropriate dividend and also to have share buybacks as part of our capital management process going forward. But we have to see how things sort out here in the current year around regulation coming out of Washington.
John C. R. Hele: Yes, I know that some people wanted me to make some statement as soon as we sold the bank. But we're not at the point where we're going to declare the dividend for the second quarter yet, and we have a process, of course, under normal corporate governance to go to our board and get approval for any sort of capital action of that nature. So the timing just wasn't right for us to make any declaration at that point in time.
John C. R. Hele: Yes, okay, so just to clarify that. So no expectations of share buybacks in 2013, although, as I mentioned, the Provida deal, $2 billion approximately, will be a cash transaction, so we'll be using capital in that sense. I think that, as a practical matter, regulators look at acquisitions differently than share buybacks. Acquisitions should be generating earnings and have assets involved and so on. So we certainly will be looking at transactions over the course of this year, as we always do. There's nothing we can talk about at this point in time about a deal on the horizon, but we certainly look at most anything that comes in the market that could make sense from us strategically. And at that point in time, we'll make a decision about how we finance it if there were to be another deal going forward.
Christopher G. Townsend: Let me wait in that. It's Chris Townsend. Let me just wait in and give you the number in terms of the Japan proportion of the $333 million. The Japan earnings, overall, for the quarter of $303 million part of $333 million, and I think we're about 65% yen-based earnings on that.
Christopher G. Townsend: Okay. Let me have a shot at this. First of all, the bank business overall in Japan makes up about 15% to 20% of the total AMB for Japan. Of that, the fixed annuity foreign currency product that John referenced make up about 50% of the total there. So overall, we've seen that bank channel down 60%. So a rather significant reduction. And I think in terms of the surrenders you're seeing that John referenced, you'll see those continue for all the way through the second quarter. And we expect the channel -- the bank channel to be down about 30% to 35% for the full year. In terms of the A&H business, we're down 6% for the quarter, which is in line with the market. And we expect to be flat on A&H overall for the year. So with all of these moving parts, we would expect sales in Japan probably to be flat year-on-year. And overall, for Asia, given all the other countries you got in the region, we expect sales, the AMB number for the year to be about 5% up year-on-year. I would just caution you in terms of the bank sales. The -- a good portion of our earnings in Japan come predominantly from the A&H business and second from the life business, which are in reasonably good shape. And the big benefit of what we got there is the bundling capability on the A& H, where we intend to get about 60% to 65% of the life sales bundled with an A&H product, which gives us a good edge in that market overall.
Christopher G. Townsend: It's Chris Townsend, again. Let me -- I guess the way you should think about this overall is that the surrender fees we're getting -- or the surrender penalties we're getting at the moment are the net of DAC and variable amortization in the market value adjustment. So that $29 million you've got in the first quarter is effectively a prepayment to the profit for the life of the contract. So what you're seeing is, economically, we're being made whole for our profit. If the contract just stayed in place, you'd probably see those earnings spread over, over the life of the -- probably, it's around 7 years, the average amount of the contract. So I think for the first 2 quarters of the year, what you'd expect to see is earnings deficiency of about $2 million to $3 million per quarter for the life of the 7 years of the contract.
Christopher G. Townsend: Yes, what we're seeing there is the people are taking advantage of the significant rise in the equity markets in Japan and lock it in some of the foreign currency gains. So you've seen all of these [ph], that most of them, it's about 60/40 in terms of Australian dollar versus U.S. dollars, the mix of these fixed annuities. But it's effectively taking the benefit and putting it into mutual funds in the equity markets.
William J. Wheeler: Yes, most of the first quarter sales were old product because even if they actually stop taking new apps, there was a lot of throughput that got processed ultimately through the quarters. So most was old product. The old products, by the way, still had an attractive ROI this quarter because, obviously, hedging costs have come down. But now, new -- sales for the remainder of the 9 months should be all GMIB Max V, the new product. And in terms of our ability to hit our run rate, we're currently tracking at a weekly sales rate that we think we'll still be able to hit that sales goal comfortably.
William J. Wheeler: Jimmy, it is Bill Wheeler. With regard to long-term care, a couple things to keep in mind, that we've added to statutory reserves over a long period of time, which is, of course, where any likely reserve impact would be. It would be a long ways away from GAAP adjustments. The -- and I think we feel that with regard to what we're doing, with regard to long-term care in terms of price increases, as well as on the in-force, as well as the fact that we've really built up reserves over time prudently, make us feel that the likelihood of adjustments even with the low [ph] level of interest rates is pretty low.
William J. Wheeler: Well, I don't know that we've historically talked about portfolio turnover a lot, John. But I think our activities, we make projections on what we expect. I think the first quarter, we probably had a little more portfolio turnover than normal just given the rate environment and some of the [indiscernible] and interest rates and the like. But overall, if we look at -- historically, we look at the last several quarters, I mean, our turnover is pretty much in line with what we see for typical industry statistics.
William J. Wheeler: Sure. Again, there is a reasonable correlation between equity market performance and a good portion of our variable investment income, so you have to take into consideration what happened in the first quarter. We saw a very strong equity market, so I think, certainly, the near term, meaning the second quarter have to be strong. And as we look forward for the rest of the year, we're not projecting necessarily continued -- the continued same performance in the markets. So we're back probably comfortable with the plan. And overall, I think that means we are -- we feel very comfortable with the VII plan right now. We probably think we'll be closer towards the top of the plan. But obviously, anything can happen in the second half of the year.
William J. Wheeler: Yes. Yes, we have ongoing commitments to private equity. We like the sector, and we'll continue to at least maintain our investment level.
William J. Wheeler: Chris, it's Bill Wheeler. So remember, we won't close until sometime in the third quarter. That's our expectation. And I would tell you, I think Provida's performance in the first -- for the first part of this year has been right on track. And in terms of profitability and ongoing business, I haven't seen a fluctuation one way or another. So it's looking good.
William J. Wheeler: Yes, sure. My guess is we'll talk more about this at Investor Day, but I'll give you some sense of what we're doing. A very small portion of our GMIB block is available to be annuitized today, so I think roughly 5%, maybe even a little less than that. So there's not a lot of data yet on the experience in terms of people deciding to annuitize. That said, the level of annuitizations right now is very low, and even for even for products that are in the money, they -- so we're seeing a quite low level of annuitizations. But I think we haven't decided to react to that yet because it's very early days and not many people have had the opportunity to annuitize yet.
William J. Wheeler: No. But we -- when we designed the product, we assumed that there would be a certain level of dollar-for-dollar usage, and there is, and it has not changed. Remember, though, that now in the new products, the -- or the new GMIB, the dollar-for-dollar benefit, though it still exists, is much less attractive.
William J. Wheeler: Right around 100%. Or excuse me, not the implied volatility. The implied volatility is the hedging cost in total, we're assuming at about 100% when we priced. Right now, of course, they're running at about 115%, I think, or that's where they were for the first quarter.
