William J. Wheeler: Tom, it's Bill. So we'll take them one at a time. With regard to dental, yes, dental claims experienced was a little higher than we would normally predict. And the reason for that is we saw higher dental usage at the lower end of the market with small employers. And we -- I guess our theory about that is that it's likely due to employees who are worried about losing their dental coverage because their companies will either change their benefits because of the Affordable Care Act or something is likely to happen. And so I think they felt, while they still had their dental coverage, they'd go get some work done. The -- we do see this kind of behavior from time to time. And I guess, while there's no assurance that it'll abate in 2014, our expectation is it probably will a little bit. You do generally see higher utilization at the end of the year anyway for kind of the same reasons. So -- and that, by and large, was not the biggest driver of the ratio. With regard to disability, let's be clear. So the block, in my mind, actually performed quite well. And by that, I mean incidents rates were good, severity was good, claim closure rates were fine and reopens of closed cases were also fine. So all that was sort of in tolerance, if you will. What the -- but the significant difference was our, as you alluded to, our social security offsets were quite low. And they're always low in the fourth quarter, but they were extremely low this time. And we -- obviously, we've listened to some of our competitors in terms of what they've talked about in the quarter. A few of them have mentioned the same -- having the same experience. We know some others have as well. So I don't -- the question is, is this systemic, or is this sort of a kind of a blip? Because occasionally, the Social Security Administration does have a blip in terms of its claim approval rates. And our feeling is that this is just an unusual quarter and not indicative of what's likely to happen next year. And I guess, I also think that therefore, the kind of recovery and underwriting that we've been predicting for 2014, I think that story is still intact.
William J. Wheeler: No. You know, look, we're obviously a little wary, but no. We aren't backing away from that guidance.
William J. Wheeler: Mark, it's Bill. So the general answer to your question is yes, we see a kind of momentum building in this sector, and there is sort of a couple of ways to think about momentum. You know there are the big jumbo deals that come very sporadically. And I don't think the industry right now sees any big jumbo deals that are out there ready to get bid on anytime soon, but we don't have, obviously, complete transparency into the next 12 months or so. In terms of what I would call the more normal flow business, clearly, momentum is building. Clearly, the pipeline is growing. We did, I think, $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion in pension closeouts in 2013. By the way, that made us the market share leader in 2013. So obviously, no jumbo deals in -- last year. But there's still a nice flow business that we can bid for with good returns. We do see this as an area of growth and I think in the U.S., and I think that's going to continue for quite some time.
William J. Wheeler: Ryan, it's Bill Wheeler. So with regard to earning -- annuity earnings, I think, and I -- somebody really pressed me on the -- on our fourth quarter guidance call that we did last December. And I think we said, look, the earnings rate in the third quarter is pretty consistent with what we see at the outlook given sort of moderate stock market growth over the next year. So I -- and obviously, in the fourth quarter, performance was very consistent with that. A couple of things you always got to keep in mind: one is we had DAC -- we had positive DAC unlockings both in the sequential comparison periods as well as the year ago period, and that kind of obviously makes the numbers a little hard to compare. Secondly, remember now that half -- almost half of our separate accounts in the variable annuity business are not in equities anymore. It's a much more diversified asset mix with a lot of fixed income. So the S&P 500 is not going to be the only driver of variable annuity earnings performance. It's much more conservative than it used to be. And so I think that gives you a little feel for what's going on in the annuity business.
William J. Wheeler: Okay, I guess, I'll take that one. The -- so with regard to Corporate Benefit Funding spread, yes, they were strong. Yes, it was driven by both strong variable investment income, but honestly, the underlying investment performance is strong as well. The strong variable investment income, and maybe my colleague Steve Goulart will comment as well, is really -- obviously, hedge funds performed very well in the quarter. We also had very strong mortgage loan prepays experience. And so -- and I guess when you think about our outlook for the next year, we -- so we had -- I guess I'd say we had quite a good beat with regard to variable investment income in the quarter. We don't have -- the reason we call that out is we don't necessarily think it's sustainable. It's not in our base projection. And with that, maybe I'll let Steve talk a little bit about the outlook.
William J. Wheeler: Jeff, it's Bill. The -- keep in mind that a lot of our -- certainly, at the large end of the market, a lot of our sales are already done, right? So we have a pretty good feel for therefore, what will flow through on the income statement. And what we've seen is there's a kind of increasing momentum in group now for a couple of years. A couple of years ago, I think our group revenues actually shrunk. And so you're seeing a much more benign regulatory environment -- or competitive environment, not regulatory, competitive environment. And that means that pricing is more attractive, and we're getting a fair amount of that business. So that's already a little bit in the can already. The second thing that's driving the revenue growth is really our Voluntary Benefits & Worksite strategy. And that is -- we have some pretty aggressive goals there. I would say, in 2013, we did a very good job of hitting those goals. Maybe the best example of what's going on is in auto insurance. We are the largest provider of auto and homeowners at the Worksite. And our revenue growth there was over 5% last year, and we actually expect that to grow faster this year. So -- and that's -- for a pretty mature market -- the auto market hardly grows at all -- that's quite strong performance. So there -- so I would say a lot of the growth, we already kind of know. And -- but obviously, at the Voluntary Worksite part of it, we have some ambitious goals but good momentum.
William J. Wheeler: It's Bill again. So let's see if I get all your questions answered. So with regard to pension closeouts, yes, we did a pretty large transaction in the fourth quarter, a little under $700 million of deposits. So that was a big deal. However, just keep in mind, when you think about revenue growth rates and stuff, that in the year ago period, we did a $1 billion pension conversion, which flowed through as revenue on our GAAP income statement. And so even there -- even though we did a big one this quarter, it's-- revenue from pension closeouts actually still look like it was down year-over-year. With regard to returns, the block -- and I don't like to give or -- the block is actually performing very well. I don't like to give ROIs on new sales, obviously, because that's a competitive issue, but we think they're attractive and above our cost of capital, though, I would say at the smaller end of pension closeout market, it's much more competitive, I think, than it would be necessarily for jumbo deals. There's a half a dozen or so players who compete for this business, and I'm not sure if pricing is getting more aggressive or not. I would say it's pretty stable, but it's a pretty competitive, efficient market. And with regard to kind of the fixed annuities end of the business, a couple of things are going on there. One is we've repriced our SPIAs, our retail SPIAs, in that we had increased sales there. Remember the way a SPIA works is the whole deposit comes through as GAAP revenue. And so that sort of accentuates how much that impacts our income statement that you could see it in the sales numbers. So SPIA sales were better. We expect that to continue, frankly. We've also -- we have introduced an indexed annuity product earlier this year called Shield. Shield sales so far this year are, I would say, a little weaker than we would have liked. We've -- it has been a little slow getting approval for Shield in a number of big states, but we're building momentum every quarter there, and I think Shield will end up being a fairly big seller for us in 2014. So the strategy here is to continue to diversify our product portfolio. It isn't just about a guaranteed income benefit writer all the time. It's -- we want to make sure we meet a variety of client needs with regard to annuities and tax deferral and investment performance.
Steven A. Kandarian: John, I think it's still early days to make any predictions on what comes out of Washington. First, we have not been designated at this point in time, we're still in Phase III. And as of now, there are no drafts outstanding regarding what the rules will look like. So that's why we're remaining cautious at this point in terms of our leverage. And as we mentioned in the call today, that not only did we achieve a 12% ROE, but we are less leveraged today than we were several years ago. So both earnings are up as well as the quality of earnings in our judgment.
Steven A. Kandarian: Mark, we don't have a specific number as a target going forward. We just think that, overall, it made sense for us to take the actions we've taken and not take certain actions that we may have taken absent the Dodd-Frank consideration. So by now, we would've engaged in share buybacks most likely. But given the uncertainty, we've held back and, obviously, that's added to our balance sheet, and it has resulted in less leverage for the company at this point in time. So I don't want to put any specific numbers out as a target because it is a fluid situation and is very dependent upon the environment in which we're operating from a regulatory perspective.
Steven A. Kandarian: So I'll start, Jimmy. As to capital management, it is fluid. We are observing what's going on in the regulatory environment. We did, as you know, raise our dividend by nearly 50% last year. I did mention that we looked at the dividend on an annual basis. I have nothing to report, obviously. I have to talk to my board before announcing anything on that front. We did spend $2 billion in cash on Provida a few quarters ago, so we are I think managing capital within the context of the environment in which we're operating today from a regulatory perspective. And I think you'll see us continue taking actions that make sense in the coming quarters and years as this regulatory environment unfolds. And it's taking a while, obviously, for things to unfold around Dodd-Frank, and we have to be sensitive to what potentially can come out in terms of rules. And right now, there is just very little visibility. We've had comments coming out of people from the Fed, in hearings on Capitol Hill, saying they would like to tailor the rules to be appropriate for the insurance industry, but they followed that up with comments about the Collins Amendment, so-called Section 171 of Dodd-Frank. It ties our hands to some degree in terms of how much they can tailor those rules. That just leaves a lot of uncertainty in terms of how much capital is going to be required of us if we are designated a SIFI and if any appeals we take aren't successful. So I think we have to be prudent here. We have to do what makes sense for the company, not just in the long term, but we have to look at the near term here as well. And we don't want to be in a position where we buy back shares and then end up reissuing equity down the road. We think that would be a bad outcome.
John C. R. Hele: This is John, John. I would caution you, the consolidated is correct on our business. And, of course, it's 35% in the U.S. and essentially 35% in Japan, but EMEA has had some lumps this year due to APB elections and it's had some gains throughout the year. So they're going to be in the mid-20s, I believe, is the sort of combined EMEA tax rate for the year.
John C. R. Hele: So it's the same story. We've had some lumpy gains here and there. You know how taxes work, so you have to average it out over the year.
John C. R. Hele: Yes. So I mentioned $5.9 billion, which is in the high end of our range. We prefunded -- we issued some debt to prefund a redemption, a maturity coming due in 2014. So the guidance we had given before was at the high end of the range of $4.9 billion. So we're essentially, on a net position, right at our high end of our range.
John C. R. Hele: We haven't given precise numbers on that recently. With the uncertainty with the regulatory framework and everything else out there, we are just reporting how much cash we have at the holding company. We're happy with the amount of cash we have at the holding company, but that's all the guidance that we feel comfortable right now. Just the rules are so uncertain, we don't know what's going to happen with federal regulation, the whole potential of that. So for now, until we have certainty on regulatory frameworks, we're just going to report the cash we have.
John C. R. Hele: We haven't -- it really hasn't changed much. It's quite long. It's -- we've had small amounts. It's been quite small actually impacting us so far up until -- including 2013. And as we hit 2015, in the next 5 years or after, it starts to slowly glide down over the 2020, unless Steve wants to add more to that? That's -- yes. And I just wanted to add on Corporate Benefit Funding. The -- also, I mentioned in my comments about -- it was helped also by Capital Market investment products, both [indiscernible] and some other products. We've been able to fund it at cheaper rates because they're short in [ph] the curves and there's been solid demand for products, so that's helped our earnings on a year-over-year basis.
Steven Jeffrey Goulart: Sure. Thanks, Bill. We do have a solid outlook. I think we talked a little bit on the earnings guidance call about our plan for 2014. We've said that we expect $900 million to $1.3 billion in VII for next year or $225 million to $325 million a quarter. Obviously, the fourth quarter was very strong, Bill went through some of the highlights. Nearly every component of VII outperformed our expectations and plan in the fourth quarter. Both sets of alternatives hedge funds and private equity as well has very strong prepayments. Looking forward to the first quarter, though, we don't expect to see that same sort of performance, but we're still very confident about our plan and our outlook for the first quarter and for all of 2014 as well. Remember, there's a lag in private equity and obviously, there's a strong fourth quarter in the equity markets. I think that will help us through the first quarter. But again, I think we're very confident of being within our plan for VII for '14.
Steven Jeffrey Goulart: It's Steve Goulart again. Let me just add a little bit on the derivatives piece that John just commented on. I guess -- the thing I'd point out, I think there have been some questions, "Gee, we're in a rising rate environment now. But yet, you're still having strong derivatives income. What's going on?" The thing to remember about this is this is all part of our asset liability management process, and it's a dynamic process. So we're always looking at what are the needs within our portfolios, what are the market opportunities that are available to us, and so the program is actively managed. Just keep that in mind.
Steven Jeffrey Goulart: Let me start with that. Again, I think our new money yield was kind of in line with the market. I think $329 million is what we've said in that order. And, of course, our portfolio continues to run off with higher yielding securities. So there's probably, call it, 100 to 150 basis points difference between new money yield and what's rolling off in the portfolio. But that's sort of as we would expect. Again, we make -- we've made up for a lot of it. And when you look at our portfolio yield being sort of flatter or even up quarter-to-quarter, a lot of that was due to the VII performance that we saw in the fourth quarter. So the yield roll-off is as we expect, and we're making up for it so far in different pieces like VII.
