John McCallion: Good morning, Ryan. It's John. I think we would probably follow the same commentary we've given before. We are continuing to look for ways to optimize. We look internally for ways to optimize, and we continue to have external communications around different opportunities. I think at the end of the day, similar to what we did with this transaction, it needs to fit the right profile for us. It needs to be value-creative. It needs to be risk-reducing. And by the end of the day, we don't have to. We're very comfortable managing these blocks of businesses ourselves. We have the expertise. And I think there are different ways to find ways to optimize that book. But nonetheless, it's a healthy process for us continuing to have these conversations.
John McCallion: Hey, Jimmy, it's John. Good morning. Look, as we think about yield, as you said, we had a really strong quarter and certainly an RIS. We were 132 all in. And if you exclude VI, we're a healthy 142. And probably if you kind of normalize for VII, that puts us at the high end of the range, it's very much in line with what we gave at our outlook. We thought the first half of the year, even though the Ford curves have moved around and things like that, that we would have kind of a higher level in Q1 and Q2. I think as you look forward, we would think spreads kind of hover around this point. I'm not so sure it would kind of -- now, why it does that is not necessarily exactly, I'd say, perfectly aligned with the pass-through comment you made. I think there's a variety of other factors. I think it's just as the curve begins to shift, how the impact of the caps versus the long end start to manifest itself in spreads. But I think right now we would view the kind of the third quarter outlook would be somewhere in this vicinity or maybe the average of Q1 and Q2.
John McCallion: Yes, that's fair. I think the key for us is, I'd say to your point, new business pricing is, that's where I think your point lies. I think, we still are on an overall basis have some -- we're short. So I think as there's roll-off reinvest, that's where my point was.
John McCallion: Thanks. Good morning, Tom. It's John. We did see some unfavorability kind of towards the end of Q1 and into Q2 and maybe the first couple months of Q2 higher claims as well as some lower terminations on just on a relative trend perspective. Towards the end of Q1 or Q2, I should say, and then into July, we've seen those trends revert back. So right now, we probably would account for that as an aberration, a short-term aberration, but we'll obviously still monitor I think just an overall point around results for holding. While that's the case, we had favorable mortality in the segment. So that was a positive, but specifically the long-term care. That's the case. I think on the flip side, the team has been doing a really, really good job continuing to get rate increases. We've already met our typical run rate of rate increases this year at 4.5% of premium year-to-date. That's what we typically assume each year. So we're off to a great start there.
John McCallion: Yes. Let's see. The resolution was basically in line with the overall portfolio. And of the office loans, roughly the same percentage were resolved. Trying to get the actual percentage of the office. I'll get that in one second for you. 
John McCallion: Hey, good morning, Mike. It's John. Yes, I think, as both Michelle and I mentioned in our opening remarks, our view is, yes, we've come to a trough. I think, different assets are in kind of different positions. But all in all, in the trough, we've seen some headwinds in real estate, the funds that I mentioned, minus 1.9, but we saw some positive offsets in the PE portfolio. We think that dynamic continues into the next quarter, which is why I mentioned we would generally be in line with now. Obviously it's early. We don't have a ton of, I'll say, objective insight. We have some qualitative commentary and views. We've seen a positive, equity markets, although might be driven by a small number of stocks, depending on how you look at the second quarter. So, but, and that typically directionally translates into some level of, I'll say, the positive in line return, but the betas are typically lower. So that's kind of where we are. We kind of view this trough as more of a U-shaped recovery in this asset class versus kind of a sharp V. But, and we just don't want to get ahead of ourselves. So right now we're, we kind of view that the best view would be kind of in line with Q2.
John McCallion: Good morning, Alex. It's John. As you point out a couple things. One, obviously, VII being below the kind of historical returns puts pressure on C&O as well. So that's probably one driver to maybe the elevated loss that you're referencing. We did have higher expenses in C&O. Obviously, our direct expense ratio came in well. Overall expenses would were very good along with strong top line growth. So our ratio at 12.2 was well below the 12.6. We're still obviously targeting below the 12.6 for full year and it can fluctuate from quarter to quarter, but a good quarter nonetheless. In terms of the expenses, if you kind of compare to last year, I'd say probably two main things to highlight. One, interest on debt. It was one item year-over-year. That's a relatively big piece of that. And then the second one is we did have some higher one-time costs in C&O this quarter due to some corporate initiatives. I'll call it that, it was part of just kind of our general efficiency mindset. We don't ever exclude those things. Those are all part of our direct expense ratio, but their investments that we've made to kind of improve our run rate go forward. So hopefully that helps with C&O.
John McCallion: Hey Alex, it's John. Obviously, very recent news. I'm not so sure I saw a ton of reaction yesterday on it and nor do we really think that it has a broad-based impact on, how we run our business or we wouldn't expect capital impacts, but I guess you never know, but right now, we wouldn't expect any impact one way or the other in terms of our, how we run our investment portfolio and our outlooks there. It doesn't change anything.
Ramy Tadros: Hi, Elyse. It's Ramy. So the short answer to your question is yes. So these were unfavorable items that we don't expect to reoccur. Just to give you a flavor of what the items were. So the first one is an expense item which is related to a catch-up on state tax assessment. The second one is an adjustment on the life-free insurance policy. And the third one is a reserve refinement in our disability line which as John indicated impacted our non-medical health ratio by just about a point. So we don't expect these to be recurring as I mentioned. And so, you could essentially normalize for those on a go-forward basis.
Ramy Tadros: Sure, Erik. It's Ramy here. So, I'll start with disability. So, all results this quarter were favorable year-over-year. We're seeing favorable incidents and very strong recovery levels and I'm very pleased with the performance of that line this quarter. And as I just noted before, we have seen about a one-point impact on the ratio given some of those reserve refinements which we referred to earlier. On disability, we're continuing to benefit from tailwinds here in terms of favorable macroenvironment and interest rates and tight labor markets. But aside from the macro factors, we're also benefiting from our strong underwriting, our return to health capabilities, the deployment of data and technology and how we run this business. And we also continue to invest in our leave and absence capabilities which give us pricing power and continue to resonate well in the marketplace. From a dental perspective, we have seen a slight elevation, our trend this quarter, driven by an increase in our claims costs. As part of the normal course of managing this product, we adjust our pricing to make sure we meet our target margins. So as a reminder, we reprice the majority of our dental book, call it about 80% annually and we're always monitoring the trend and adjusting our pricing accordingly. So this is part of the course in terms of managing a dental book. And maybe if you want to kind of step back and look at the non-medical health benefit ratio for the full year which is inclusive of dental and disability, we expect to be at the midpoint of our guidance range for the full year here.
Ramy Tadros: Sure. I mean, I think if you're thinking about this over kind of the short to medium term, and I would say that like four factors, driving disability margins, you've got very disciplined underwriting, you've got strong claim management, you've got customer service that drives persistency and the ability to get appropriate rates at renewal. And this one is particularly important if you're in the business of providing bundled solutions, including absence and leave capabilities, which we are a market leader in. And then, of course, you got the macro factors in terms of the employment levels as well as the competitive environment. I would say for us, the first three drivers of this underwriting claims and capabilities are a core competitive advantage and will continue to be so as we continue to invest in this business. If you think about the macro environment, we're seeing some of those tailwinds right now, but we continue to be disciplined in our pricing because there's a fair bit of uncertainty in the environment going forward. And we're certainly continuing to bake that into our pricing as we look into '24.
Ramy Tadros: Yes, I would say it's competitive. It's rational. And there's also multiple levers to differentiate beyond price. And we're certainly pulling on every single one of those levers given our scale and capabilities in this business.
Michel Khalaf: Hi. Good morning, Elyse. Michelle here. So I would say that there was a bit of catch-up in July given the fact that we were in blackout for, part of the second quarter due to the re-insurance transaction. So, if you look at probably the sort of run rate up to July here to date, I think that gives you a good sense of sort of pacing. We obviously we're looking to close the transaction in the second half of the year. And one we do, we'll assess the environment at the time. I think we've built a good track record here in terms of, after major divestitures in terms of how we we're deliberate and expeditious and returning access capital and, expect the same here.
Michel Khalaf: And my comment was around this competition as well because there's a limit, obviously, to how much they can reasonably improve.
Michel Khalaf: I'll just add two things, Tom. So I think to Steve's point around just losses, I think his reference to just materially less was relative to the stress that we had put out. The comments I made in the first quarter around what our expectations for kind of the maturities and kind of the potential loss there, I'd say no change is one. And then two, just maybe broadly speaking around just credit losses were very modest this quarter, as we said. And actually, I don't know if we even had any in real estate and CECL went down because there was a revaluation of a hotel that actually went up. So there's a lot of factors there. But I think all in all, the portfolio is performing well.
Michel Khalaf: Thanks. I would say from a top line perspective, we're still seeing significant strength across the portfolio. So we're very pleased with our PFO growth. And that's a combination of new customers. It's a combination of good persistency, rate actions for a portion of our portfolio. We've got some tailwinds in terms of wage growth. So we're still seeing very strong momentum there. As Michelle alluded to, we're still seeing double digit growth in our voluntary portfolio. And with a lot of white space, both in terms of customers who don't offer voluntary as well as increasing opportunities to increase penetration within the work site as well. And then I would also just point to the below 5,000 space, which we define as our regional market. National is above 5,000. That is emerging as a particularly bright spot for us. Our PFO growth there is high single digits. We do a fair bit of internal research where we cut the data by market segment. And when you look at that data below 5,000, we're a top three player in that segment, and we're continuing to take share in the fragmented market. So all in all, we're still seeing really positive tailwinds both from the macro environment as well as how we're positioned in this business that's driving PFO growth. That's kind of well within the 4% to 6% range that we have.
