Steven Albert Kandarian: Good morning. Yes, the Justice Department filed their appeal nine days after the original decision came down from the District Court, and we anticipate that the ministerial paperwork will be filed by June 6. That's what the court has requested, the Circuit Court, and then there'll be a briefing schedule at that point in time which, we think concludes sometime in the fall time period. And that will be followed by oral argument, which is likely to occur in late 2016 or perhaps spill over to early 2017. And then, a decision will be forthcoming sometime after that.
Steven Albert Kandarian: It's probably reasonable, but courts take their own calendar into account in terms of these kinds of things. There's no way to know for certain how long it's going to take once the case has been heard.
Steven Albert Kandarian: So, we're certainly not going to discuss capital actions before the filing of the S-1. Once we know more about what direction we're taking here and file the S-1, we'll have greater clarity, and we'll make a decision at that point in time as to what we can or should say regarding share repurchases. Obviously, the form and timing of a separation impacts the cash flows and capital actions. So, all this is kind of coming together as we determine how the separation will take place. And again, at this point in time, we don't know enough to be able to speak to capital actions. And after filing the S-1, we'll know more and we'll then figure out whether we know enough at that point in time to give greater clarity.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Let me – just one more thing. I think one thing that's important to remember here is that we at management clearly understand and have stated that we want to return excess capital to shareholders. We also are taking a very bold step here in terms of separating out a major part of our business, what MetLife was founded upon I guess 148 years ago. So I think that really is our first and foremost consideration and focus for us right now. And if we get all this executed properly, which is our intent and our goal, as we've said before, the predictability and the amount of free cash flow as a percentage of our operating earnings we believe will go up, and that really is kind of long-term or intermediate-term payoff for these actions we're taking. I think that really should overweigh or overshadow the near-term impact in terms of timings around share repurchases.
Steven Albert Kandarian: So, the planned separation and with the work we're doing around accelerating value, we want to make sure we had sufficient information for our investor base to hear from us. We didn't want to have an Investor Day where we'd say we still haven't determined that or we can't talk about that and so on. So, our initial plans around the Investor Day in terms of timing preceded some of these actions we were taking in terms of clarity around those actions. So, as we step back and thought about it more recently, we said, what's the timing of things that we're going to have to analyze and make determinations on? And some of those items weren't going to be done by the initial date that we had put out there for Investor Day, so we felt that it just made more sense for everyone if we had an Investor Day at a point in time where we could provide greater clarity about the direction of the company going forward.
Steven Albert Kandarian: I think, Erik, there are synergies from being one company, so if you're going to separate the two businesses by definition, there'll be dissynergies, and there will be in some places duplicative costs if you take no actions. So, what we're saying is that we're engaged in a very rigorous analysis around our cost structure. Part of it has to do with the separation with stranded costs, and part of it just has to do with this macroeconomic environment of lower rates for longer tepid growth, and not just in the United States but globally. So, in that environment, we have to take a very close look at our cost structure and look at unit cost in particular, and that is what we're undertaking as an effort right now.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Suneet, because there's so many moving pieces right now, it's premature for me to give out ROE targets, but I would anticipate we'd talk about this certainly in Investor Day.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Yaron, the separation of the U.S. Retail business will be the driving force here. I think at the time of the Investor Day, my guess is it's probably not going to be completed. We'll know a lot more, but we won't have final clarity about our capital needs, et cetera until the actual form is known through the execution of a separation. So, and a lot of that is going to be determined not just by what we want to do, it's going to be determined by the marketplace, what we can do. So, a little bit of this is going to be a timing issue. If we're not able to execute by the time of Investor Day, then we're still going to be not knowing some key components here of the picture that will enable us to be clearer on our capital plans.
Steven Albert Kandarian: No, we're not going to change the date of Investor Day from November. We'll still hold Investor Day, but we may not have all the answers at that point in time. In fact, I anticipate we won't have all the answers as to how the execution of the separation actually occurred because if I had a guess, it's less likely than more likely that it will be done by then.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Sure, Humphrey. As you know, we purchased ProVida, a pension fund administrator in Chile, a few years ago. That is a business that we found very attractive. We were able to purchase it – a very good multiple of earnings, and it was a business we think will grow over time. We also have started up our own internal third-party asset management business, and we're growing that. So, it's both organic and acquisition-related efforts to grow our fee-based business. So, the asset management space is attractive if we can find the right opportunities, both organically and by acquisition. And we continue to look at opportunities as they become available.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Yes, we would. If we find the right opportunities in other markets, we are absolutely interested in looking at those kinds of acquisitions.
Steven Albert Kandarian: I'd say broader. We are opportunistic investors in businesses that we think make sense given our strategy. And we've mentioned before, and including the annual shareholder letter that we would like to grow our fee-based businesses. It's not a big component of our top line or even our bottom line at this point in time. And just from a balance point of view, we think we could do more in that space.
Steven J. Goulart: Hi, Sean. It's Steve Goulart. Certainly, the first quarter was challenging for variable investment income. And if you look at our miss, it was heavily because of hedge fund returns which actually were negative for the quarter. And I think if we look at the market environment that exists today and we can talk about a number of factors, I think it'll be continue – continued to be challenging for hedge funds. I think when you combine that with our capital and cash flow predictability objectives, we've decided that we're going to continue reducing our hedge fund portfolio, as John alluded to in his comments. Just to remind you of some numbers, the portfolio today is just over $1.8 billion, and recall, we did reduce it during the course of last year. Also, we actually ended up redeeming about $600 million worth of hedge funds last year. And as we look out from where we are today, we expect that we're going to redeem probably on the order of another $1.2 billion, so really take the portfolio down by another two-thirds from where it is today. Just given the way redemption provisions work and the industry, I think it will take us a couple of years to do that, but I expect that we'll probably see 60% of those redemptions come in this year and 40% next year, and maybe even leaking a little bit into 2008 (sic) [2018]. Now, I'll also put in the context of our total portfolio though, remember this is actually a very small portion of our total portfolio. Our total alt portfolio is under 2%. As John mentioned, our hedge fund portfolio today is less than half of 1%. So obviously, it's going to become even smaller, but what we'll be left with is a small portfolio of really our most consistently performing managers and hedge fund. So, there'll be a small portfolio left over, but we think overall it doesn't need to be the size it is today.
Steven J. Goulart: Well, if you look through the segments, I think you can get some numbers from the QFS. It's roughly proportionate. I think you'd find that the retail has a higher allocation in some pieces of variable income and lower in other pieces of it.
Steven J. Goulart: Sure. Again, as I just mentioned, the hedge fund returns were actually negative for the first quarter. And I think if you look at the rest of the year, you have to make some assumptions, of course, and if we were able to see hedge funds and private equity return to our plan expectations for the second half of the year, we'd probably end up around the bottom of the range that we had given for the full year. I will remind you, private equity continues to perform fairly well. I mean, it was slightly below plan, but again, still very positive. And it really – again, most of the underperformance came from hedge funds. So like I said, it depends on your assumptions for the rest of the year. Right now, we're not going to change anything. And if we hit the plan for the second half of the year, we'll be at the lower end of the range.
Steven J. Goulart: Hi. It's Steve Goulart again. When Steve made his opening comments, he was referring to the full mix of variable investment income. So, remember, that includes private equity, that includes hedge fund, there's some old real estate development JVs in there, as well as prepayments. So he was talking about the whole mix. If we look at the hedge fund contribution to that, actually it didn't contribute to it negative – positively over 10 years. It's had up and down years, and really it's just too inconsistent we think in the actual performance. So that's our reason for pulling it out. As far as how to think about it going forward, we're basically just going to – and because the way the redemptions come in, which are spread out over a long period of time, we're really going to look at reinvestment just as part of our overall ongoing regular asset allocation and optimization plans.
Steven J. Goulart: Well, as an example, for this year, again, if we look at the planned VII, the hedge fund redemptions would have a very modest reduction to overall VII. It's under $30 million. And going forward, it will depend on the mix that we achieved.
