John Hele: As a New York company and other NIC companies, we do annual cash flow testing. And these are typically done under the NIC guidelines set by the actuaries of the company and the chief actuary of the company signs off on how these reserves are tested. These are done every year at the -- based on the yields at the end of the year, and there are shocks down from there based on typically prescribed rates. New York through prescribed letters they send to us each year suggest more conservative reserves often than our actuaries would set on a normal basis. And this is some of the additional reserves that we hold in New York. Of course, as interest rates rise slowly over time, and we continue to do the cash flow testing, some of the reserves that have been set up for lower interest rates would be released. But it depends each year on how New York suggests to us to set our assumptions for those reserves, and it would be released over time. Because often the reserve increases are over a period of time, or they could be immediate, so it depends on the type of testing that we are doing. So slowly over time the answer is how we would expect that some of this would be released as interest rates rise.
John Hele: Let me do the -- it is John. Let me do the Japan hedges first. We've actually increased our hedges. So we're now a 100%, and for 2015 the strike is at 107. And we've extended it out to 2016 as at 108, and the 2017 is at 122. And we've fully hedged all Yen earnings from Japan.
John Hele: Well, we gave some sensitivities in our 10K. That shows by segment how things moved compared to a stress down compared to what our plan is at. So I would point you towards that. Let me also point out it's not just the long end moving up, we are sensitive a bit to the short end, because we had a very steep short yield curve, and so we benefited over the last few years from better earnings and securities lending. And that's impacted where we have asset intensive businesses in particular. We've seen a benefit from that in CBF over the past few years, maybe slightly higher earnings than people had thought, but that's because the short end of the curve was down. So it really depends on what's going to happen here, but I point you back to the 10K, because there would be some sensitivity there for you to analyze.
John Hele: Hi, Seth this is John. It may also be how we think about our balance sheet. We have been over the past few years essentially de-leveraging. We've had less debt equity ratios. And that's been improving each and every period. And the question will be if we were free of the SIFI, what is the best balance sheet, and that could include debt, it include preferreds. I mean we have to rethink all that. We've been conservative so far. So we have maximum flexibility kind of what the SIFI rules are, because there could be Tier II, and it could be more complex, and might be different, so that we've been deliberately being a little underlevered [ph] compared to some of our targets, so that we have this flexibility. But when we're out of this one way or the other we'll optimize our balance sheet for the best returns, for the shareholder with a conservative for our safety for all of our customers.
John Hele: Hi, Jay, it's John. So up till now the deals that have been done have been on WBs not on IBs. So much of our in-force, and we had been selling until recently are IBs. We look and evaluate these. I think they share 50% of the risk to the reinsurer on this. And of course we're always evaluating the cost benefit of all of these ideas. We haven't done a transaction as of yet.
John Hele: Well, I think if you go back over the past years and look at the issuance of share account and the timing of that by quarter to see how the large amounts are exercised and are issued for our employee benefit programs, and of course individual exercising is hard to predict, if that makes some material difference, usually it doesn't. And then we've got any buyback activity, which again Steve's mention would be reevaluated and looked at and discussed with the board this fall. But you can look back to historical patterns. I don't have it at the top of my head. But you can see it year-by-year.
John Hele: I don't think so, I think it will be more in the first half of the year when we do our big awards, but again, you just go back and check. You can see it quarter-by-quarter.
John Hele: Hi, this is John. Yes, we convert over to a new accounting system from investment portfolio. And we do it for the U.S. portfolio this past quarter. As you can imagine with the size of our U.S. portfolio, small little rounding and different slight different impacts in amortization can have an impact. The impact we mention this quarter is a one-time event.
Steve Kandarian: Eric, we've been working closely with policymakers and regulators over the last several years since Dodd-Frank was passed. And the nature of our conversations and tone of our conversations provide me more optimism than I had, let's say, three or four years ago. But again, we try to be cautious in our optimism because obviously if we were to be too aggressive on capital management and the rules were disadvantageous to us, we would not want to have to go to the marketplace and raise large amounts of equity to meet rules that, again, we don't have yet in draft form. So I am more optimistic that the conversations have developed over the years, where I think there's a better understanding of the insurance business model as compared to the banking model that regulators in Washington have historically been involved with. But the optimism is tempered by caution on our side in terms of being certain that we are well capitalized as these draft rules finally do come out at some point in the future.
Steve Kandarian: Sure, Ryan. If you recall, the second repurchase program that we've announced for the last year or so was announced in December, and began in January in terms of execution. So when we put that plan in place, we had an expectation that it would be completed by the fall of this year. As we had said, when we announced the plan, we would be opportunistic buyers of our stock. And you may recall that in the first part of the year our stock dropped a fair amount, and was below $50 a share for a period of time. So that program was completed in three months, roughly, versus the time period we expected, which was really off into the fall. So our view now is that we will look at this again later in the year, as you mentioned. We'll have a conversation with our Board in the fall, and we'll make some decisions at that point in time.
Steve Kandarian: That was still in the early stages of the analysis, and what we'll be doing as a company is looking at various parts of the business, and then making some decisions and tradeoffs, meaning, some parts of the business we'll try to accelerate, other parts of business we'll have to redesign some products to make it more efficient from a cash perspective. So the work that we're doing really is interactive between all parts of the company. And we're not yet at the point where it made found decisions about any one part of out business. So it would be premature for me at this point to say what we'll be doing in terms of specific products, and essentially signal something before we really have completed our analysis. Other companies have engaged in this type of analysis before, and particularly European companies. It was a multiyear process that they went through. We're trying to accelerate that process, kind of learning from what others before us have done to shorten the timeframe, but it's not something that gets done in one or two quarters.
Steve Kandarian: Well, we look at share repurchases, we look at dividends, we look at acquisitions as all valid uses of any excess capital that we hold. And at the point in time when we have greater clarity about the found decision on our judicial appeal in the capital rules for non-bank SIFIs, we'll look at the landscape at that point in time and make a decision about where we utilize our capital.
Steve Kandarian: Well, again Yaron, we haven't made any firm decisions, but everything is on the table in terms of how does analysis comes out. Certain things will want to do more of. Some things will do less of. Some businesses will have to redesign their products. And we don't rule out selling businesses.
Steve Kandarian: Yaron, I'm not sure if it will or not. It looks very similar to the experience we had last year, where of course we had two bad winters in a row. I will say this Dental utilization if you look at the first six months is right on plan. And so my expectation is that it will –-- the third quarter will probably moderate. But you can't get surprised here a little bit.
Steve Kandarian: We probably have mixed feelings about that, Sean. Obviously we like, as a general rule, we like low lapse rates. There is some of the in-force where the guarantees are relatively high, and some of our competitors from time to time have actually tried to buy out that business with policyholders. We've not done that by the way. A little bit of it will depend I think in terms of the macroeconomic factors. If interest rates go up, we feel a lot better about our GMIB in-force. And I'd think in general we would then think lower lapse rates would be a pretty clear in that positive for the annuity business for Met. So I don't think that's going to be a big driver for us. I don't that will end up being much of an issue.
Steve Kandarian: Well, as I said about, half of the higher ratio was due to lower PFOs and single premium sales, and either half was due to expenses.
Bill Wheeler: Sure, Ryan. Well, I think there's a couple of things going on, one is, in certain segments of the market, especially I think the dental business I think the competitive environment has gotten more challenging. And I think that therefore our wins on new businesses are lower than they otherwise might be. Secondly, remember, we've been being pretty aggressive about renewals and new business in our disability area, feeling that we needed to kind of catch up a little bit on our pricing. And I think that's depressed sales a little bit in disability. You can certainly see it in numbers. Our disability new sales are pretty low. Renewals are good in terms of we're getting our price on renewals, but the new business we're getting is pretty low. So I think those two factors are causing the premium growth in the group business to be a little lower than you might otherwise expect.
Bill Wheeler: Tom, it's Bill, I'll take that one. It doesn't have anything to do with the DoL. It really is just the pace of adoption of the new product versus what we had assumed in our plan for this year. Remember, this is a different type of rider, right? It's not just that we've tweaked the features a little bit. It's the withdrawal benefit versus a GMIB. And so I think that that's causing adoption to be a l slower than we had assumed as producers get more comfortable with the product. We've seen this phenomenon before with our indexed annuity product called Shield. Sales were lower for a while than we had originally thought, and now they are seeming to accelerate now that we have had the product out for a little over a year. And we probably should have been a little smarter about how the pace of adoption here. We do, and I think John alluded to this, we do expect to see increasing sales of FlexChoice in the latter half of 2015.
Bill Wheeler: It's hard to make that call. It's obviously going to be meaningful. A lot of it will ultimately depend on what exemptions the DoL allows down the road. Remember, a lot of their rulemaking is really built on exemptions to existing policies. And it's hard to know if this is at the end of the day more of a disclosure issue, or how behavior is really going to change.
Bill Wheeler: Yes, sure. Erik, it's Bill, I'd hate to just look at any one quarter and add a context in Latin America, and say, "Geez, it's look like things are slowing down." I don't really think that's the case. For instance, the sales were a little suppressed this quarter relative to what we would normally expect our sales growth is. But if you look underneath, what you'll see is our Mexican AFORE, which is the private pension system in Mexico is, sales are much lower there. There have been certain sales practice changes, which makes switching between accounts much less prevalent for AFORE providers. And so gross sales, I'd say, are much lower, but at the same time retention rates are higher. Maybe a better indicator of sort of what's really going on in Mexico or in Latin America is just PFOs. On a constant rate, PFO growth this quarter was 13%. And that's right where we would expect it to be. Things will move up and down in Latin America over time, but I'd say the growth trend is still in place.
Bill Wheeler: Yes, so Direct is a start-up. It's still I'd say this is a -- I'd call this is a transitional quarter in that we had some small reserve adjustments. They had a couple of bad homeowner's claims. We do sell Auto and Homeowners direct through that channel. And we clearly had some growth strain, because year-over-year premium growth or sales growth is 70%, which obviously I don't think we're going to continue to grow at that rate, but we're growing this business. We think that in the second half of the year there will still be operating losses, but they will be much less than what we reported in the second quarter. And the other thing I'd say is this business is just -- if the model is coming together in that, we're seeing our mortality experience begin to improve, our retention rates are beginning to improve, so I think the trends are all in the right direction.
Bill Wheeler: Yes, well, I think I talked about the Dental business. Dental business is actually, well, what we would mid case. I think the rest of the industry calls that large case, but we're talking under between 1000 and 5000 lives. We're seeing just a little context here, John. MET is the largest for-profit dental insurer provider in the United States. So we're the market share leader. People come at us from time to time. We're currently seeing that in the mid-market. We tend to just be very disciplined about this. Dental margins are generally pretty thin to begin with. So we'll let that business go, and it will probably come back around within a year or two.
Bill Wheeler: Well, most of these big medical carriers do sell life, disability, dental, and it's a bit of a -- it's obviously not the remaining focus. So the logic has always been maybe they'll as they continue to get more focus on the medical side of the benefits equation that they'll potentially divest. We haven't really seen much of that happen, though that's always been the theory. So I guess the potential is always there that there might be some strategic opportunities, but I think we're just going to have to wait and see.
Bill Wheeler: No, other than I think the intermediaries are all very distracted right now dealing with all the consolidation both in health insurance and in commercial line.
Bill Wheeler: But it's about 70% of our VAs today are sold in group qualified assets. And so it's an issue for us. Today we have already changed our compensation policies a couple of years ago to, I'd say, equalize comp between proprietary and non-proprietary annuities for our producers. That's kind of a bridge we've already crossed. With that said, we might still have to make other compensation adjustments to our producers based on how the DoL rule comes out. But I think we feel like we've already made -- we've already climbed part way up that hill.
Bill Wheeler: Humphrey, I apologize. I'm not sure I got all your question, but I think I got the just of it. So yes, there was an investment margin decline in the annuity business this quarter. And yes, it was driven by the maturity of a particular interest rate floor. MET had well over a decade ago, or roughly a decade ago had invested a lot of interest rate floors for just the kind of scenario that we've gone through. Those are starting to mature now, and therefore -- because interest rates are still low, our margins are starting to decline as they lapse. So we had a decent-sized one that was supporting the annuity business lapses mature this quarter. So that investment margin that we lost there is permanent, right? It's not going to come back. And these things will continue to mature over the next number of years. So depending on what happens to interest rates that will obviously -- could have an impact on our interest margins in another part of the company.
Bill Wheeler: I don't remember when the next one comes. We know there's not another one coming up this year, for instance. There's not going to be any more maturities of floors coming up this year I think. I can't quite recall when the next one is coming up.
