Steven Jeffrey Goulart: Jimmy, it's Steve Goulart on. I'll start and in just thinking about rates. I mean you're right that rates are a lot lower than the consensus. And I think, even when we look at the outlook, I think the forecast within the year is 2 88 for the 10 year and 3 35 next year. We're probably still more conservative about that, but remember there are 2 legs to this too. So we've had strong VII. We continue to have good recurring income, but we are continuing to reinvest or roll off at rates, call it, 100 to 150 below the assets that are rolling off. So we're able to maintain the yield portion of this through strong VII and continued good ALM discipline, but remember the other piece of it is also pricing and crediting rates on products too. So a margin takes both pieces to work together, and I think the other pieces work together. And I don't know if Bill wants to add anything to that.
Steven Jeffrey Goulart: Sure. The trend continues, basically. We've had strong private equity performance for most of the year, and that happened again in the third quarter. Prepayments continue to be a little bit ahead of our projections too, both bond and mortgages. And hedge funds have sort of underperformed to plan. And I think, in looking at the fourth quarter, we generally expect that trend. I don't think you'll see the same strong VII results in the fourth quarter, but I would still expect this to be within our planned range of 2 25 to 2 75, maybe more toward the lower end, just looking at what's happened in PE and hedge funds in the last couple of months.
Steven Jeffrey Goulart: Colin, Steve. A couple of comments, I guess, on that. And obviously, we're following what's going on in RBC and potential ratings. It's always an important factor in our investment plan. My understanding, though, is on the -- at least on the bond side, I think there's still a lot of uncertainty on where the NAIC is going to come out on that. The one positive is actually on the mortgage side, where I think it looks like some of the re-ratings there are going to be positive. And of course, given the importance of real estate and mortgages to us, that would be a benefit.
Steven Jeffrey Goulart: Well, I guess, at this point, I couldn't say it'll change our strategy. Remember, real estate equity has always been important to us, and it continues to be a good component of our overall investing strategies, probably more so than some of our peers. So I wouldn't say it would necessarily increase that because you still have to think about overall risk-return and capital requirements.
William J. Wheeler: Well, if you look at our businesses, I mean it's in the disclosure: Our crediting rates have been flat for a long time because we've reached product rate minimums in many of our products. And even though new sales generally have lower interest rate credit minimums, they're -- it's only changing the mix slightly. Therefore, I think you're going to see investment spread compression continue, barring some significant macroeconomic change in interest rates. So I think that's it's been a very gradual decline in terms of spread compression. And I think that will continue with maybe the same -- some offset from VII.
William J. Wheeler: Eric, it's Bill. So we ask that -- we've asked that question a lot internally ourselves about, geez, there's something going on with expenses or implementation costs for smaller deals that -- versus large deals. And the answer is it -- I think every transaction is a little different in terms of what we think the mortality experience is likely to be, the assets that are getting transferred over and or not. And so they're all a little different. My -- I would've assumed at one time that -- larger-case deals, because there are just less bidders, because there are less bidders avail -- able to take the larger transactions on their balance sheet, that those would have been somewhat less competitive. That has clearly turned out not to be true, at least in the last couple of years. And we have experienced a lot more success in the small end of the market than the large. And we were -- last year, for instance, in 2013, we were the market share leader in this category. There were not any large deals last year. And even after these 2 big deals were announced, we won shortly right after that 3 smaller deals. So it's hard to understand the competitive dynamics in terms of large versus big. I would just say there's -- I don't think, really, there's much difference.
William J. Wheeler: Well, again, we look at -- this is Bill Wheeler again. We look at the -- anytime we -- a case of any size, we have to look at the underlying mortality experience and extrapolate from that in terms of -- because remember, the closeouts we're doing, they're almost all retired lives. They're not generally active lives. And retired lives, what's the age of the group? What -- there are lots of demographic issues which can change the mortality assumptions. You have to make a good assumption there. And then we have a target set of investments that we want to put up against these liabilities. We have a standard set, and that'll inform our investment spreads. Those are the 2 big drivers. It's really not administrative costs, though we have a very efficient administrative platform. Or it's not setup costs. It's -- that's the 2 big factors are mortality experience and then the investment spreads you're going to earn.
William J. Wheeler: Yes, Erik, it's Bill again. The -- so we're having a good sales year. And I think John alluded to that, that sales activity is up year-over-year. We're -- we had a -- we've talked, I think, in previous quarters about exchanges. The exchange numbers that sales numbers came in, essentially where we think they're going to for the full year, but the adoption there is pretty slow, so I would say that's not a very big factor yet in the group marketplace. The -- we're also -- I would argue, I would contend we're having quite a good renewal season in terms of cases we already had that have come up for renewal pricing. We are generally achieving our targets there, and that's good. So that means the market is -- it's competitive but not overly competitive. And in terms of adding -- seeing increases due to payroll, I would say, right now, that's modest. And there is a little bit of growth there, but it's not very material.
William J. Wheeler: Sure. So there are 3 big drivers here. It's group life, disability and dental. Group life, a little better year-over-year, right at the -- just under the top end of our guidance range, so I would call it a so-so underwriting quarter. I think there's improvement left there, and I think you'll probably see that in the coming quarters the next year. Disability, pretty good improvement sequentially. And I think -- and I -- we are working through our -- I think, on the last quarterly call, we talked about some operational issues in one of our claims management sites. And we've seen some improvement in the metrics there, and I think that will continue. So I think there's opportunity for continued upside there. As John alluded to in the call, dental was soft this quarter. We're still seeing a catch-up in utilization. Remember, in the first quarter, we had a really poor weather. Nobody went to the dentist, and -- but they did eventually go see their dentists in the second quarter and also the third quarter. So utilization now is just where it was at the 9-month period last year, so I think we've had our catch-up. And so my guess is dental will -- should improve from here as well. So I see -- even though I think it was an okay improvement overall in group underwriting, I think there's more to come.
William J. Wheeler: Nigel, it's Bill. So there are sort of 2 stories here. Both life sales and annuity sales are down -- or variable annuity sales are down significantly year-over-year. And I would say almost all of that is product driven. We -- well, if I take variable annuity sales, we forecast all year. Or when we gave sort of our outlook call last -- late last year, we said that we expected variable annuity sales to be down and that '14 would sort of represent the dip year and then we'd see -- we'd start to see growth in '15. And that's even probably more true than we estimated at the time. I do expect to see growing VA sales, but I think they're going to be timed very closely to the new product rollout that we expect over the next couple of quarters. And we're not in a position to make product rollout announcements today, but there will be new product rollouts coming. And I think that'll strengthen our competitive position in that marketplace. And so I would say it's product driven, not distribution related. With regard to life, a couple things going on there. Again, the third quarter was a little soft, and seasonally, it's always going to be the softest quarter. It -- we changed pricing in term life in the third quarter. And I think -- when that got announced, I think people waited for the new repriced term to come out, and I think that probably made the sales look a little worse than we otherwise would have thought. So I think there will be a recovery in the fourth quarter in term. There is a new product in the competitive scene, indexed universal life, which is garnering a lot of sales. We don't sell that product. And of course, what makes the year-over-year comparison a little more difficult is the sale of no longer selling universal life with lifetime guarantees. There too, we have had some new product introductions, which I think have gotten a lot of interest. And I expect to see sales momentum starting to build in Retail life as well over the next, I would say, 4, 5 quarters. So a bit of a dip this year given all the changes we've made in the Retail business. And I don't think that's really surprising, but we -- but I think we're on the upswing.
John C. R. Hele: Yes, so I gave the range for the loss in the fourth quarter between $175 million and $225 million, and that's really getting out these tax -- mainly tax adjustments that we had in corporate in this quarter, with some of it was from last year which is notable that was taken out. And then the -- but there's still some catch-up in the tax rate that we made in this quarter to get at the effective tax rate for the year. So I think it's within the guidance that I've given.
John C. R. Hele: Well, Tom, I think we have a policy that we don't give guidance other than for some specific items like Corporate & Other and a few things and VII for the year. So we've given those pieces, but that's as far as we do. Thanks.
John C. R. Hele: No. This is John. I mean the goal of our ROE was set out as a strategy, which was a basic return goal of return over equity, and you want to have that on the same basis. Currency has moved quite a bit since 2012. As I said, this just was not really a major impact in prior years. '13, it started to become more as continuing, so we thought it was important to make this adjustment. Most of our major competitors adjust for this already in how they quote and think about this. So it truly is the economic return that's happening to get apples and apples on the numerator and the denominator. So we think it's a better measure, but we are returning, with these measures we're publishing, to the goals that we set out of the 12% to the 14% ROE.
John C. R. Hele: This is John. And our strategy, I think, will continue, that we have mitigated much of the decrease in the core spreads by variable investment income. And of course, we've been helped by good equity markets and other factors, but also the diversification of our asset structure helps mitigate this, as well as the derivatives that have been purchased some time ago. Unfortunately, as time wears on, that impact from those derivatives will slowly start to wear off and we will be faced with declining spreads if rates stay at these low levels. So it's there will be continued pressure on this, and we are doing our best to mitigate it.
John C. R. Hele: Right. So that's -- it's a very important question and something that we consider all the time. Rates are low. We even saw some quite low 10-year Treasury rates just a few weeks ago. And so the question always is does that make you change your long-term assumption. Our actuaries make assumptions that impact our business for the next 50-plus years, sometimes even longer, so you have to think about this over a very long time. And we look at recent trends, but we also look way back, over 100 years or 50 years or 40 years. And you think about your different economic cycles. So you have to take all those into account. We do target basically a 4.5% 10-year Treasury, which is a basis of the Fed inflation target of 2% and then a long-term growth return for the U.S. economy. We still think that is appropriate for the long, long term. We do great into that from where we are today. And we also have to remember that even though we have low rates, we just saw the announcement that the Federal Reserve is stopping bond buying, so an unprecedented buying within the market, so that's never been seen before by both the Federal Reserve and the ECB, which has a big impact on global markets. And I think the Fed said that they will be buying more, but they will keep their current balance the same, so they will buy. They will keep it up, so they won't even see that going down. And this has a large impact on what's happening to interest rates. We've also seen some global economic concerns, which there's always a flight to U.S. Treasuries whenever that happens. So I think you always have to take the current day's news, quarter's news, year's news into a total perspective and think about 40 and 50 years, which is a hard thing to think about, but that's what our actuaries have to do. And we would have to see some continued time and really get a fundamental differing view, long-term view, on the U.S. economy and inflation targets to fundamentally make -- to make some changes.
John C. R. Hele: Let me just -- yes. Nigel, did you say that -- the IAIS capital rules, that it's expected the Fed will use these? Is that what you...
John C. R. Hele: It is unclear what the Federal Reserve will do. Technically, right now, they're bound by the Collins Amendment, which the Federal Reserve is interpreting to apply basically Basel III to anything that is similar in an insurance company that a bank has. If the current bills in the House and Senate get reconciled and signed by the President, then the Federal Reserve has the freedom, they believe, to adopt different set of rules, but up to now, the Fed has not given any guidance as to how much tailwind that they expect to do. They have said that they will, of course, look at what the IAIS comes up with, in a very similar way that the Federal Reserve looks at what Basel does for banks. The Basel Committee passes basic global rules, Basel III. The Federal Reserve then looks to those rules, interprets them and comes up with standards that they believe are at least as strong as what the Basel III rules are. So I believe they'll be following a similar process when it comes to in rules that apply to nonbank SIFIs, but exactly how that turns out and where it ends up is unknown at this time.
John C. R. Hele: Ryan, it's John. Yes, as I mentioned, we have realized our goal. I did say and we do expect to be continually focusing on our expense ratios. I think, when we gave our long-term guidance last fall -- last December and we spoke about the various business lines, in general, the goal from here on in is to grow revenues faster than expenses to get that growing margin growth. But the cost saves, the major program that we started in 2012, we are basically there at a run-rate basis.
John C. R. Hele: Yes, well, we had -- in the fast-growth markets, we expect that to be better. And we do expect a slight improvement in certain of the U.S. businesses, but in some of the larger ones, really far less from this point forward.
John C. R. Hele: Colin, this is John. So when it comes to captives, of course, our variable annuity captive, which is now based in Delaware, will be merged into a set of statutory entities in November this year. This is what we announced last year, and we're on track for that. We have all regulatory approvals to proceed. So that means that sales of variable annuities will no longer be using any seeding to a captive. They'll be in the statutory entities, either the New York company for New York sales or the large non-New York company for non-New York sales. Life captives, we have existing ones in place, but for New York, we don't seed to captives at all. And we don't sell universal life for secondary guarantees anymore, which is what these captives are used for. We don't sell those any place in the U.S., so we have no real net use for the -- for the major use of these captives. There's a small amount of term insurance non-New York that might be used for that. And then I'll turn it over to Steve for the RBC question.
John C. R. Hele: Colin, we don't really give it for -- on a consolidated U.S. basis for our primary U.S. statutory entities, and that's the number that I quote on an ongoing basis. And that will be reflecting -- post the merger of all these companies, we'll then reflect the VA captive, which used to be offshore, in that number. So our RBC at the end of this year will reflect all the VA business within the statutory entities.
John C. R. Hele: We have -- gave some time ago guidance that we expected it to be of above 400% RBC, and we still expect that to be the case.
