John McCallion: Good morning Eric. So, I'll just start out by saying we're very pleased with the result and the execution by everyone in the firm. And I think as Michel said in his opening remarks, this has really become part of our culture and it's a cultural shift that we've made, our efficiency mindset is built into our strategy. It's built into our everyday activities, and I think the results are -- kind of speak for themselves. As I mentioned, in this quarter, there's a few timing-related items. So, we do see an uptick in expenses in the second half of the year relative to the first half. We did have some benefit from some employee-related costs, particularly as they relate to the impact of how markets move. And so that came -- that was a benefit this quarter. And then there's seasonality with regards to preferred stock dividends. So, the second and the fourth quarter typically are low quarters for those dividends. As we look to the second half of this year, directionally speaking, we would see -- just typically do see seasonally higher expenses in the second half. Some of that's related, obviously, to our group business and the enrollment activities we go through. And oftentimes, too, there's been some delays just as a result of a number of activities going on in some of the investments. So, we do see kind of an uptick. Having said that, one of the things that we both pointed out is our expectation, which is different than where we were on our outlook call in February, is to now be under our 12.3% guidance despite the removal of our Property & Casualty business, which had a lower expense ratio. So, all-in-all, I think our efficiency mindset just built into the culture, it's all working. And we expect that to continue as we look forward. I think I would probably stop there on your last question and probably leave that for another day.
John McCallion: Good morning, Jimmy, it's John. Yes. So I'll just break it up. In the Life side, as you saw in our interest-adjusted benefit ratio, we had a strong result really for this block of business, minimal, actually de minimis COVID impact this quarter. So it actually, I would say, declined faster. The impact declined faster than we had probably expected. But I think a number of factors that you can probably come to probably makes that – makes sense, whether it's the average age, and the percent of vaccinations at the older age, things like that. On the LTC side metrics, there was – it was really – there was no material positive from LTC. It was in line with expectations. What we're seeing is that – and I'd say, in line with, I'll say, pre-pandemic expectations. And so what we're seeing is metrics and results really trending back towards those pre-COVID levels. New claims are, I'd say, marginally below trend, but all indications are showing that we'll be back to trend very soon. The only metric that's lagging – but again, I will say, trending back to pre-pandemic is the relationship of home care versus nursing home claims. So it's still probably a little elevated in the home care side, but that's – it's trending down. It's trending back to the pre-pandemic ratios.
John McCallion: Hey. Good morning, Mike, it's John. So, look, I think the trend that you're referencing, our belief is the trend is going to continue. It's not going anywhere. I don't think that changes what -- how we're addressing and focusing on MetLife Holdings. It, as you said, has performed very well. Our focus is on optimization, whether a diversified block with a number of natural offsets, the team has done a great job managing it. But at the same time, as I said, the team's mandate is to kind of take a third-party view, an external view and make sure that we're continuing to look at different ways to be prepared for the opportunity in what I'd say is a new market within the industry, which is this kind of block acquisition or transfer or risk transfer. So nothing's changed on our end. In terms of bid ask, I don't know if I've seen any, I'll say, clear signs that it's changed at this point. But this is a dynamic, I'd say, area right now, and our focus is to be ready, if it does change. So
John McCallion: Yes. I mean the quick answer is no. It was -- I don't think -- that wasn't our intention, if that was the takeaway, but it was definitely within the 65% to 75%, if not higher. And yes, I think the go-forward is the range is intact.
Michel Khalaf: Good morning, Tom. So, as you said, we have had a uptick there in the spreads ex-VII. And as I mentioned in my remarks, a plus 13% year-over-year and then you see a plus 10 sequentially. So, it's a number of factors, right? We got lower LIBOR year-over-year. You have a partial recovery in real estate equity returns we saw -- we've had very good, strong new business spreads as particularly -- or I should say, in RIS there. And then as you said, the last thing is we've seen elevated levels of the residential mortgage paydown activity. I would use the word paydown just to not confuse that with prepayment fees that we categorize in VII. And so what that really is, is that that acceleration of the recognition of income on those securities that were purchased at a discount previously. So we do think this will stay elevated. I think it's a combination of low rates coupled with the home price appreciation that we've seen in a lot of markets. So that has spurred others. And I think also, if you think of it in combination with more remote work opportunities, there's been probably some movement in terms of the residential housing market. So we do see that continuing particularly although they've probably peaked, the time between when action occurs and when it hits our securities or mortgage loans is usually a two to five month lag. So we think the second half of the year, we'll still see an elevated level, maybe not to this level that we saw in the second quarter. We expect it to probably be somewhat less than that. But -- so that's kind of our expectation. As you look forward, look, this is all just part of our broader portfolio. And I wouldn't say this in and of itself is going to change the trajectory. I think what it's done is it's changed the trajectory upwards. We don't consider that to be a long-term trend, probably remains a trend for the remainder of this year but probably goes back to more baseline run rate in 2022.
Michel Khalaf: Yeah, Tom. So certainly, we have to think about sequential in the context of overall sales environment in which we're in. So if I take a step back, if you don't mind me and think about this in the overall Asia context, Overall, Asia, we did well this quarter, 42% up year-over-year, 71% in Japan, 11% in Asia ex-Japan, still positive in Asia ex-Japan as well. And this is despite COVID spurts in many of our markets. And if you take the first half, all in total, we have a 25% year-over-year collectively for the first half. And so there are a number of reasons which certainly drove that strong performance. On a sequential basis -- and if you look at Japan, and I'll come to other Asia very quickly. And if you look at the sequentially both on the life side and as well as the A&H sales, we were up, right? And that speaks to the resilience of our face-to-face channels in our markets in Japan, in particular. And the pressure on a sequential basis came in from the annuities because the banker channel is certainly -- they have a March end. And so therefore, they're much stronger on the banker side and that's what the annuity shows drop sequentially. On other Asia, if you think about it, this is -- COVID is playing out significantly in South Asia and Southeast Asia. There's a fair amount of pressure in all these markets. And we're very much a face-to-face sales business, and that certainly is weighing in despite, by the way, all our efforts in terms of strong execution, our success of our new products and certainly, our digitization efforts are paying off as well. Now as I said, this COVID uncertainty is continuing on. And a vast majority of our market significantly lagged the US, say, for example, in terms of vaccination rate. And right now, because of the resurgence of COVID in some of our markets, social distancing measures are being reintroduced, right? So while we did well year-over-year in other Asia, sequentially, we've been impacted. And both in Japan and other Asia, we expect to see Q3 sales to be sequentially flat to Q2 as well. But considering everything at this point, if you think about our guidance for the full year, we expect to be on track to meet the double-digit guidance that we provided in February. I hope that helps.
Michel Khalaf: Hi, Jimmy. Look, when we price our business, be it new business and/or renewals, we take a whole number of factors into account. Many of them are case specific factors. But clearly, the outlook, both near-term and medium-term for mortality is a component of that. So as the pandemic unfolded, we certainly did take into account with respect to near-term mortality in our pricing. And again, it does vary by case, and it depends on the length of the guarantee period and the size of the case and a number of other factors. But certainly, that has been taken into account as we look to renew business or price for new business. The other point I would just point you to here as you think about our business in particular and our SKU towards the larger end of the market, is we have a very consistent track record over many, many years of taking appropriate renewal actions, while maintaining very high persistency on that book to -- from the mid to the high 90s. So that's another factor that I would point you to as well.
Michel Khalaf: Yes. Hi, Mike. Thank you for the question. So let me start by saying that we continue to be comfortable with the $3 billion to $4 billion buffer and over time, we expect to return to these levels. We're very deliberate and disciplined in how we deploy capital. One of our highest priorities on how we use capital is to fund responsible growth. And we continue to deploy capital in support of organic growth and attractive IRRs and payback periods. We're also opportunistic when it comes to M&A. Any M&A transaction must be supported strategically. We look forward add to the top line, clearly a number of important financial metrics, including accretion. So -- but if we're not able to deploy excess capital to fund business growth, then we have a commitment to return it to shareholders. And I think that our recent buyback activity should give you a sense of our pacing and the fact that our Board has just issued a new authorization, should also provide you a sense of its sustainability. So I hope this helps.
Michel Khalaf: Yes. I think there are a few things I'd point you to. We have seen -- from a life cycle perspective, we've seen less of an impact on the large employers during the pandemic. You see we're on track for a record year in terms of sales in 2021. And a lot of that activity happened in 2020, if you think about this in terms of when these cases came to market and our dialogue with the employers. So from that perspective, we have not seen a real disruption, and we're very, very pleased with our sales results the year. And as John and Michel referenced, we're on track for a record year in group sales and our national account segment is an important driver of that. And so is our momentum in voluntary, where we're less reliant on face-to-face distribution given the digital capabilities that we have and that has continued to drive our sales momentum there. The last thing I would just say is if you just really take a big step back, think about the impact that COVID had on the environment. We've seen a significant increase in awareness on the part of employees for needs of protection for obvious reasons. But we've also seen employers be really, really focused on benefits as a key lever in terms of engaging with their talent. So we're seeing very high receptivity and more strategic dialogue, I would say, with some of the large employers on how to utilize those benefits to attract, retain and motivate talent.
Michel Khalaf: Yes. I mean those were -- the fundamental trends is the employers kind of perspective on the benefit, as you just described. And they're more keen to engage with their employees -- the employees' awareness of the need for protection. So, those two trends, I think, have clearly kind of emerged in the pandemic and they're going to drive momentum going forward. With respect to the sales numbers, I would also just remind you that the sales in the jumbo market can be lumpy from year to year. So, you saw a dip in 2020. You saw a spike in 2021. So, some of those can be lumpy year-over-year from a jumbo perspective. But the secular trends on employer and employee I think we're seeing and we're seeing providing overall tailwinds for our business here.
Michel Khalaf: Yes. Hi Suneet, this is Michel. So, we're -- first of all, I would say we're happy with our EMEA business. As I sort of referenced before, it's predominantly a protection business with high free cash flow generation. So, it plays a role in terms of -- and how it contributes to the enterprise. Since the -- acquisition, we've reduced our footprint globally in terms of the markets that we're in. We were in 66 markets, we're now in 40. And so this sort of -- the process that we are committed to, which is to continue to look at our businesses through the lens of strategic fit in terms of whether they clear our risk-adjusted hurdle rate. Whether we see a path to them achieving that and achieving scale, I think that applies sort of across the board, and I expect us to continue to look at our portfolio through that lens. But nothing in particular that I would point to in terms of EMEA. I think if you think about Poland and Greece, those were two businesses that sat outside of our European super carrier. As you know, we have an efficient operating model in EMEA, especially in Europe, where we -- all of our businesses are branches of our Irish entity. Poland and Greece were both subsidiaries that sat outside of that. So, in a way, this transaction helps us simplify the region and the business operationally. But I think in terms of the market environment, I mean we continue to see sort of -- we were not the first company to divest from Poland. There was -- Aviva was -- had a transaction prior to that. So, there continues to be interest by mainly European players in terms of opportunities in those markets. That's what I would sort of point to there.
Michel Khalaf: Thank you, operator. As many of you prepared to spend time with family and loved ones this summer, I want to wish everyone well. I also want to express my thanks to our employees who have done so much to help MetLife live our purpose, to our customers who trust us to safeguard their financial future and to our shareholders who provide us with the capital to keep this great company forging ahead. Thank you again, and have a great day.
