William J. Wheeler: Nigel, it's Bill Wheeler. Okay. With regard to the VA business, sales this quarter were $4.6 billion and that's probably a little misleading because we, as both Steve and John alluded to, we changed our pricing and adjusted some of our features this quarter and that resulted, I would say, in some many fire sales for lack of a better term. And so sales were a little inflated. We're -- our run rate in the fourth quarter is meaningfully below the $4.6 billion that we recorded in the third. And so we are seeing changes in that number, and that's why we're confident that we'll be at $18 billion. With regard to Corporate Benefit Funding or the closeouts, as we've talked about on a number of calls, we are seeing more large closeout activity and I expect that to continue, though the deals are lumpy and there won't necessarily be one every quarter. We are competing for that business, but we are being very disciplined about achieving our hurdle rates, something that we're doing across-the-board in all our businesses, and this is no different.
William J. Wheeler: Don't put words into my mouth, Randy. I didn't say -- I said we competed for that business and we have pricing discipline about, and obviously, we didn't win those closeouts, but that's the way it goes. I think there'll be more. In terms of our pricing objectives, and I think we actually talked about this on the last earnings call, we view our cost of capital today domestically as 12%. So that's our hurdle -- minimum hurdle rate. So if we don't beat 12%, we're not adding any economic value at all. We generally are trying to price business with a target of a 15% return. And you have to remember, a lot of these liabilities are going to be around for a very long time and it's important that we -- if you price it poorly, you're stuck with that for a long time. You don't get an opportunity to change the numbers a couple years from now. So that's why we're maintaining our discipline here.
William J. Wheeler: It's tricky. I guess I'd hesitate to give you a rule of thumb because what we've seen already is that the mortality differences between these various blocks that have -- had transacted are quite material. You think -- you would guess sort of they're generally retirees so they would be the same, but they're not. The mortality differences were quite different, so -- and that has a pretty big impact on whether or not what the capital allocation would be. So I guess I would hesitate to give you a rule of thumb.
William J. Wheeler: This is Bill. I think rate-neutral is still a fair assumption here or capital-neutral. Obviously, the business is performing better than planned, mainly because of the market environment and our sales targets are basically where they -- we expected them to be, so -- but I think neutral is still a good term for this. Just if you pull back a minute, obviously, with this low interest rate environment, the VA business, especially the in-force block, is not performing terribly well with regard to the exposure to interest rates and such. On our new sales, our new sales this quarter had a 14% ROI, and that's with a full economic capital allocation using today's environment. So we view that as pretty attractive business, and so we're being tough-minded about annuities and making sure that our risk exposure there doesn't grow too much relative to MetLife overall. But this business is profitable for us. And certainly, today's sales are profitable. And this is a consumer need, which is isn't going to go away and is a part of all our customers' financial planning as they deal with retirement. And so this is a business we like. We can't let it get too big relative to the size of MetLife. I mean, I think that's why you see the big pullback.
William J. Wheeler: Yes, so Latin America on the surface looks like it had a pretty weak top line quarter. But of course, we did elude to the fact that sales growth was actually very good this quarter, it was up 28%, and we're seeing very strong sales. Interestingly, the strongest area of growth is in direct marketing in Latin America, and that's in a number of different countries. So top line is actually good. The premiums fees and other income this quarter are -- certainly, the currency adjustments hurt us and there were -- as you alluded to, there were a number of sort of anomalous factors. There were some group cases that didn't renew where the revenue was probably more important than the -- it was more impactful than the profits were. We had a reinsurance adjustment, which affected the top line, but didn't have a bottom line impact. So I view Latin America top line growth when you kind of parse through all that is something like 6%. That's probably a little bit -- year-over-year. That's probably still a little slower than normal. I would think -- I think of Latin America, in total, of being sort of a high single-digit revenue grower. We've certainly hit 10% in certain quarters. We probably average to something like 8% or 9%, and that would be my long-term outlook.
William J. Wheeler: That's a great question, Eric. We -- if you remember, and I know you do, we've been a big -- talking about large pension closeout opportunities for a long time, and of course, nothing happened until very recently. And in talking to the treasurers of companies who have these large pensions, one, they're not being -- in most cases, they're obviously not being used as a benefit anymore. Their pensions are closed and the blocks that have been closed out are on retirees, in any case. so I think what's going on is even if -- I think companies have said, you know what, I can't wait any longer for interest rates to improve. By the way, I have a very large pension obligation here. I can just start closing out pieces of it and maybe average into better interest rates over time. I also think they recognize that being a first mover here is probably a good thing. There is not an unlimited amount of capital today that's available to support pension closeout business, and I think those who feel like they go early are probably going to get better deals than those who go late. And who knows how that will play out. But I know that's the sentiment out there. So you're right. In some cases, you would think that this would not be an ideal time, but I think what's happening is companies have decided they just can't wait any longer and they should get going.
Steven A. Kandarian: Jimmy, it's Steve. ALICO is tracking what we expected. Obviously, there are some pluses and minuses country-by-country, but overall, the transaction has come in very much on plan, and we're still very encouraged about the prospects of those business long term. It's now given us exposure to markets that obviously we weren't in before that have significant growth associated with them. It increases significantly our exposure to the emerging markets. We've mentioned before that we're now up to about 14% of our profits from emerging markets, and we anticipate by 2016 that number will exceed 20% given its growth trajectory and our likelihood of doing at least some small transactions in those kinds of countries.
Steven A. Kandarian: John, no, I think really not a lot has changed since that point in time when I made those statements. Treasury and Fed officials have said in different settings, both in speeches and before congressional hearings, that they plan to acknowledge the difference in the business models between banks on one hand and other industries that might become non-bank SIFIs under their supervision. So those words were encouraging. But as we've mentioned, the rules have not been written. There is a draft out there. Comments have been provided back to the Fed. We provided comments, others have as well. And until this clarification around what those actual rules will be, it's very difficult to provide any sort of clarity to you and others. So we're really just standing by, waiting, monitoring. We're in discussions, where appropriate, with federal officials, but we certainly have to wait and see where all this comes out, both as to whether we become a non-bank SIFI once we dispose of our bank and debank as a holding company and then what kinds of prudential rules they put in place to regulate non-bank SIFIs should we become one.
Steven A. Kandarian: John, as you mentioned, it's a pilot program, so it's early days. There isn't a great deal of capital associated with it at this point in time, but that obviously could grow over time as sales increase. And I really don't have much to mention at this point in time from a financial perspective because it is very much in its incipient stage. I think the most important thing here is that MetLife is going to innovate. MetLife's going to find new ways to get to market and provide these kinds of products to our customers. And we know there's a tremendous need by people in the United States to get greater coverage and protection from life insurance products. But perhaps we, as an industry, haven't made it easy enough historically for them to complete a sale, and this is one of the ways we are looking to increase participation rates out there in the public in the arena of life insurance.
Steven A. Kandarian: It's in the store. It's more of a kiosk sort of environment. You walk in there, you'll see displays with basically like a card on there that you can go when you check out at the counter. It's prepaid, and then there are a few questions that they answer and phone calls to be made by the customer to activate the life insurance. John, we'll walk you through one if you like. We'll go with you.
John C. R. Hele: This is John. The -- as you can see, our spreads have held up well this year even though rates have been lower than, say, projected a year ago and that's -- you've seen the impact of the floors and the other hedges that are in place, and that's helping quite a bit this year and our spreads are -- have been maintained. So that's the good news. As you point out over time, those hedges will slowly wear off, and I think there have been various projections in the past last year that tried to project that out at a level of 2% treasury rate. And that -- those projections still stand. The impact of the other side's thinner corporate spreads, as well as other economic factors, we'll have to take into account going forward. And Steve can probably add a little more on how these wear off over time.
John C. R. Hele: Lastly, you had a question on goodwill. In the third quarter, we test all of our units with goodwill and applied the same logic and thinking that we applied to the retail annuity segment to the other segments that were also interest rate-sensitive. The most sensitive one of all, though, is the retail annuity segment and that's why the market value or the fair value was most affected by it, and the other units we still have some buffer on before we would have any issues there on the remaining $10 billion.
John C. R. Hele: Right. Well, we don't -- It's John, Suneet. We don't give out the details of this. But in reviewing the prior year's goodwill analysis, it was passing, but not by a large amount, so the price-to-book was just above from a fair value perspective, and now, it is below. And in a goodwill test, it's an assessment or trying to come with a fair value, meaning what would a -- this block or this business transact in the current environment between a willing seller and a willing buyer. It doesn't have to be a distressed price, and it doesn't have to be literally at that month or even in that quarter. But as you factor forward and think about it over the course of a year or 2 years, you have to take into account reasonable transaction prices. Given there haven't been any variable annuity blocks sold is another key factor that there's pressure on prices clearly, even though there perhaps have been some willing sellers. So you have to take all these into account and when we came up in really many different measures of it and ways of thinking about it, really, as if you were thinking of buying a block of business, people use different techniques to value businesses, including multiples, price-to-book multiples, price-to-earnings multiples, actual appraisals. We did all those and came up with a fair value that was less than our carrying value, and thus, the goodwill had to be written off.
John C. R. Hele: Well, this is John again. Let me just stress that the goodwill test is a market view. It's a fair value and it's what we believe if we tried to sell that business today, that you would be able to transact in the business today. That can be different from our long-term assumptions and how we see value over a longer period of time. There are 2 different tests. They're somewhat related. You have to make sense between the 2, but markets can over and under price true value, which is, I guess, why we all buy stocks.
John C. R. Hele: This is John. Until we have clarification on the future as a bank and the future being a non-bank or debanking and the future of a non-bank SIFI as well as what the rules would be under that, we can't give any guidance on capital.
John C. R. Hele: Randy, this is John. There are various -- some states have launched investigations and are reviewing captives. Although there's been no conclusions or points of view on this yet, we think buyers would be more cautious. Historically, some transactions we know were viewed being optimizing fully the offshore structure and others take a range. We, at MET, we do use an offshore captive, but we allocate economic capital fully against all the risks in the company. So we run at, I would say, on a conservative basis. Other buyers may take different views. And we think with these investigations underway, that buyers would be more cautious now in terms of valuing these types of businesses.
John C. R. Hele: Joanne, this is John Hele. There are many discussions, of course, and submissions going on to the regulators about the future rules for non-bank SIFIs. We're participating in that as is the ACLI and other people in the industry. But as of right now, we can give no feedback or guidance on where these will end up.
John C. R. Hele: I wasn't there and don't have the context for all those points. The bank rules, if you strictly apply bank rules today, separate accounts are included as general accounts. We are saying they should be excluded because it makes sense from a legal structure as an insurance company. It's quite a different framework from the banking frameworks and the legal structures of banks. And that's a key point that we are making continually to the regulators, and we'll have to see where all this ends up.
John C. R. Hele: Eric, this is John. Yes, the stock market's back up, so the equity returns, say, in the variable annuity business within the retail annuity business, overall, has recovered. When we speak of the market impact, we're speaking of how buyers view, if you had a pure annuity company, a retail annuity company traded on the stock exchange, what price to book would that be trading at today. So it's the valuations that -- of retail annuity business that would have to purchase that business. So when I refer to the market environment, I'm referring to, call it, the high betas or the low price-to-books -- lower historical price-to-books that people have today and have been here for some time on these type of business.
John C. R. Hele: John, I have to tell you that the risk-based capital calculations MET does annually, and we'll be giving that in our December forecast.
