Steven Albert Kandarian: Hi, Seth. We are in possession of material non-public information, regardless of the form of the transaction, so we are unable at this point in time to engage in any further repurchases.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Seth, we're working hard toward determining the form of the separation, and until we have determined that, we won't be in a position to do share repurchases. I don't have a specific timeframe for you. The form of the separation could be a public offering. It could be a spinoff. It could be a sale of the business or some combination of these options. And it's still too early to determine which of those it will be.
Steven Albert Kandarian: That wasn't the reason for the comment, and we'll still have to wait to see how the form turns out, of the separation, before we know the capital positions of both remaining company and the new co.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Jimmy, we did a lot of work before making this announcement to pursue a separation of much of our retail business, U.S. Retail business. But more work had to get done to answer some of the questions you just raised, and many others. And to do that would require a much larger group of people both within the company and outside the company to make those determinations. And as a practical matter, it would have leaked out to the public that we were engaging in this plan to pursue a separation. So our view was once we made the initial determination that a separation was desirable and we were going to pursue that plan, now we're able to bring in many more people to do the analysis that will lead to the answers to the questions you just raised.
Steven Albert Kandarian: We're not in a position to give any guidance at this point in time in terms of the timing. I can only tell you that we've been working hard on our strategy for over a year now. We made this announcement about the plan to pursue a separation, and we are working very rapidly on answering all the questions that we need to answer to determine the form of such a separation and we've moving as quickly as one can.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Tom, the decision to separate the U.S. Retail business, a significant portion of it, was really driven by two factors. One, our strategy work that we have talked to you about as well as the regulatory component. And when we do our strategy work, regulatory environment, business environments within markets are very central to that analysis. So those two things in combination led to the decision for the separation in pursuing the separation of the U.S. Retail business. In terms of overall, our view on the SIFI designation, we continue to believe that we are not a SIFI under Dodd-Frank. We are pursuing our appeal rights in the District Court of the District of Columbia. There's a hearing next week Wednesday, February the 10th, on the case, and we look forward to the judge's decision.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Well, we don't know what the capital rules will be. The Federal Reserve has not released anything yet. There are some international draft rules out there, but they've already said they'll be changing those. So it's really just a level of comfort, I think, that we have to have. We do a lot of stress testing ourselves. We have an economic view of our risks and feel that this size buffer was sort of where we should be knowing what we know at the time we make that call. And we reassess this on an ongoing basis. As capital rules get announced, we will know what it is. We do know that variable annuities have been discussed by many regulators as being a product that may attract higher capital requirements. So that clearly is one of the larger, say, capital risk products out there which makes the separation quite compelling.
Steven Albert Kandarian: Yaron, as we've said many times, we don't believe we are a SIFI under Dodd-Frank. 80% percent of the company remains after the separation, if it were to occur, and that remaining 80% will be impacted by whatever capital rules the Federal Reserve comes out with as well as the number of other matters related to compliance that will relate to being designated a SIFI. So there's still a significant potential burden that'll be placed upon the remaining company that would put us potentially on a unlevel playing field with our competitor who are not SIFIs.
Steven Albert Kandarian: You have one chance to file a legal challenge to a District Court, and that is within 30 days of being designated, which is what we did.
Steven Albert Kandarian: What we are doing throughout our work on strategy is to find ways to maximize value for our shareholders. We've talked about a focus on cash and growing businesses that threw off (56:30) more free cash flow and returning any excess capital to our shareholders. We also look at all of our businesses in terms of their viability longer term and how best they may be viable in the marketplace. And it was our determination after a great deal of work that the U.S. Retail business would be more viable long term as a separate entity. So once we made that determination, we made that announcement that we'd be pursuing a plan to separate. And as I've said earlier in the call, a great deal of work has to still be done to effect that plan and to determine which avenue we take to separate that business. But all this is done through the lens of creating shareholder value.
Steven Albert Kandarian: I just want to say at the end of the call here that the key message I want to leave with all of you today is that management is doing everything possible to unlock value for our shareholders. And the things you've heard about recently from us in terms of the U.S. Retail separation and the strategy work we're doing with Accelerating Value is driven by that desire.
John C. R. Hele: This is John. Want to just add to that that, we are, as Steve said last December for our total business, we are comfortable with our capital buffers that we have here. But there's a lot to calculate out, depending upon the transaction and the form of separation. So that's work that has to be done, and that is underway, and we're working on that. But it doesn't change our view of the total capital we have for our total business.
John C. R. Hele: Well, that's right, Seth. Because we have said there are three – there's various forms that we're looking at. It could be a spin. It could be an IPO with a spin. It could be a sale. So all those have kind of different capital implications for both the separated company and the remaining company. So that's work that has to be done. But we are comfortable with our total capitalization that we have for our total business.
John C. R. Hele: Hey, Tom, this is John. It's something that's still under review that we're looking at. And as we develop future plans on this, we'll let you know.
John C. R. Hele: Hi, John. It's John. I really can't until we finish our cash flow testing and the actuaries sign off on their statements and we follow our blue books to really give you any details. And you'll see that all when it all gets published. You know, because of the impact of the change of the SCL (38:56) that Steve mentioned, that's helped our total ratios, our total combined ratios where we're moving up higher. But that's, until we get all that work done, we can't really give any details such as you're asking for.
John C. R. Hele: You know what, we're announcing a week earlier this year than we did last year, so that's why the timing is a bit off here.
John C. R. Hele: Whether it be at the holding companies, within the regulated companies. We had always viewed this amount that was in these reserves as, really capital, but they were in a reserve that would be paid out over time, of course. So, I think the best way to think of this is, this is capacity that we have as we think about our total capital position, and we will have to see in terms of redeployment, as Steve said, we can't make any decisions on that until we get further along with the separation.
John C. R. Hele: Sure. Often I think you'll see whenever a firm announces a significant transaction where they're buying something or selling, or just separating something, the rating agencies put you on Watch or Outlook just until they get more details and can sort out exactly what's going to happen. We announced a plan to pursue a separation. We have to sort out a lot of details, including how this will all work. And we will present that to the rating agencies when we have that work completed, and then they'll be able to have an appropriate view. So this is – we're in a transition period, a holding period, with the rating agencies until such time as we can get them more information.
John C. R. Hele: Just want to add about do we expect to have some expenses to do the work on the plan to pursue the separation. Clearly, there will be some cost. But the costs will vary depending upon what ultimate form we take, so it's still too early to give you any guidance on that piece of it.
Steven J. Goulart: Jimmy, it's Steve Goulart. Just recapping the fourth quarter, I mean, certainly we were disappointed in the performance of the alternatives portfolio, both private equity and hedge funds materially underperformed our plan and that's been somewhat unusual. But anyway that's really what happened. Prepayments were still very strong in the fourth quarter. And as we look forward to this year, you talked about first quarter. Obviously the market sort of came out of the gate on the wrong foot perhaps, a lot more volatility than expected. We don't see any reason to change the plan yet. We'll see how it unfolds. Obviously there's a lag in the portfolios, one quarter on PE, one month on hedge funds. So you can sort of look at what has transpired. But I'd also remind you that when we look at correlation, while there's kind of a directional correlation, the correlation isn't really that high in trying to compare it exactly. So we're sort of sticking with the plan for now. I would also say though that we've engaged in some repositioning in the portfolio during the course of the latter half of last year. We reduced the alternative portfolio by about a billion dollars split between the hedge fund and private equity portfolios, really concentrating on the managers and strategies that have been the longer-term stronger performers for us and that we feel are confident are going to deliver that performance going forward. Like Steve said in his opening remarks, this is a portfolio that has provided strong returns for us and for our shareholders over some period of time. We expect it will continue to do so. Obviously we're managing it and monitoring it very closely just given what we did late last year. And then particularly the hedge funds, they're a little bit in the spotlight just given the last couple years of underperformance there. So (34:42)
Steven J. Goulart: Yeah, like I said, we've studied a lot of different correlations, and it's hard to really tie any of them. So I think directionally it's a little bit both of what you said.
Steven J. Goulart: Sure. Ryan, it's Steve Goulart. Just to update on the energy portfolio. We did take the opportunity most of last year to start reducing that portfolio. We sold almost $2 billion out of it. It ended the year just under $12 billion. And, again, 86% of that is investment grade. It's tilted more towards sort of the defensive sectors in the portfolio, mid-stream refiners, that sort of thing. So I think we're comfortable. We're obviously sort of – we run it through constant stress tests, just given the energy environment, and I think, at year-end, there was an unrealized net loss of about $220 million on the portfolio.
