Michel Khalaf: Sure. So as you know, last quarter, we put our share repurchase program on pause. And we felt that was prudent to build our cash and capital and to maintain -- in order to maintain financial flexibility. Our view is that there remains substantial uncertainty in the economy as well as with the pandemic, which is going to take more time to clear. Yet having said that, over the past 3 months, we've seen a resilient equity market and tighter credit spreads, as you reference, government and Fed reserve policy. And our cash position has grown to $6.6 million, which gives us greater financial flexibility and optionality. So if you take all of these factors together, we would not roll out capital management in the latter part of 20 but we remain on plus for the time being. So I hope that answers your question.
Michel Khalaf: Yes, I think we're in the same mode that we've been in for the last few quarters. We are preparing for the opportunity for something to occur, although macro factors are creating a wider bid-ask spread, having said that, there's still kind of a biased push to supply being greater. And so that could narrow the bid-ask over time. So I'd say we continue to maintain readiness, but interest rates, I would say, do present a headwind.
Michel Khalaf: Yes, Elyse. So as you mentioned, we do believe that driving an efficiency mindset. And then just keep in mind, coming off our UCI initiative, where we've exceeded our target is very important, and the management team here is highly committed to this. And if anything, we're seeing an acceleration of this during the pandemic. If you consider that we do have some incremental costs related to the pandemic that we are managing to offset. If you take into account the fact that this quarter, we have about $500 million. Our top line is suppressed by about $500 million due to the dental credits and the UPR that we discussed earlier. We're seeing also some top line pressure just from the pandemic in general, yet we continue to be committed to our 12.3% expense ratio. I think that gives you a sense of just the urgency and the momentum that we're seeing in terms of the adoption of this efficiency mindset. And clearly, as we see further adoption of some of our digital tools, we think those trends are going to persist even coming out of this crisis as we continue to find ways of further simplifying the company. We feel good about sort of what we discussed during Investor Day about our ability to create additional capacity. That's also going to help us continue to invest in growth and innovation. So again, I cannot stress enough. In times of crisis, it's about the things that you control. And that's one area that we feel we do control. And as I said, we're very committed to maintain the 12.3% despite all the other things that I mentioned earlier.
Michel Khalaf: Elise, yes. So Q2 spreads were certainly on an overall basis, depressed, driven by the negative returns on our private equity portfolio. And as just as a reminder, we have said that res typically takes about call it, 1/3 of the results from VII. And then excluding spreads, were 85 basis points, up slightly from Q1. And most of that is driven by the drop in LIBOR. This has helped us a little -- be resilient when it comes to our spreads, the shape of the curve against some headwinds. Lower rates do hurt ultimately, but the shape of the curve matters a lot, as we've said before. We also have seen some head, in particular around hotels. So -- but nonetheless, I think the spreads have been resilient. We expect them to VII, where the shape of the curve would help offset some of those other headwinds.
Michel Khalaf: Andrew, I'll take the first part on capital management, and then Ramy will question. So as I've said before, we view M&A as a strategic and that's an important tool, but 1 of the tools in our toolbar. We're very disciplined in our approach to M&A. I would just remind that we always look at strategic fit as a potential transaction going to help us grow revenues? Are there synergies involved? It would have to be accretive. Does it clear a minimum risk-adjusted return, hurdle rate or return? And we always also compare it to other potential uses of capital. So I would say that nothing changes here in terms of our approach. We are open for business. And -- but the discipline that I just described, we -- with these types of opportunities.
Michel Khalaf: Yes. I mean, just taking you back, Andrew, to what we discussed during Investor Day, I think we talked about sort of certain lines of business markets where given the right opportunity, we'd certainly be open to doing something. And I think if just sort of to add to that, if you consider sort of the pet insurance acquisition, a smaller acquisition that we made in digital wells, which complement our legal plans offering again, adding or enhancing our group benefits offering, for example, group obviously is a business that we like here in the U.S. So those are the types of things that I would point you to in terms of going back to what we discussed during Investor Day and the businesses and the markets that we -- that we like and where we see opportunities to further grow revenues.
Michel Khalaf: Let me thank you all for participating in today's call. And I want to close today by reiterating how committed this leadership team has to controlling was in our power to control. We know that capital and liquidity, consistent execution and expense management are vital during times of uncertainty. Please stay safe, and have a great day.
John McCallion: Erik, yes, it's very much about the availability of service. And so in the second quarter, dental offices were closed for quite a bit of time. Remind, part of that, we gave back a 25% premium credit to fully insured customers. And then as you said, we also then said we needed to defer some revenue so that it would be recognized when those services are available. And so those are -- that is a timing item.
John McCallion: Tom, I would just remind you, that was a scenario, not a guide. It was -- there's a lot of different factors. We had a 1- to 2-year assumption of how this may play out. It was based on macro factors as of March 31 when spreads were wide, our equity markets were worse, we'll say interest rates are modestly down. If you look at the 10 years since then. So things, as Michel said, there has been a somewhat resilient equity and credit market for the last 3 months. I'd still say we're in the mode of caution at this point in terms of what the outlook it will be and how this will play out. I also talked about last time that, that factors in some level of cash flow testing. It's a range of outcomes. And that some -- the estimates we provided were based on New York special consideration letter that we receive every year. The last one we got was a year ago, it was based on a certain macroeconomic environment. We'll work through hopefully constructively with them this time. But we wanted to just give a I'll say, a stress set of scenarios for what's a possible outcome. But it's -- I wouldn't call it a guide. I'd just say that's -- those are kind of possible outcomes-based on where but it depends on where macro factors are at the end of the year.
John McCallion: Ryan, yes, we did have some lower outflows in the second quarter. And we did receive some proceeds from the sale of Hong Kong. So it was another item, which we did not disclose, as you know. And so on the -- looking at the remainder of the year, I would say, I would not expect the same rate of increase that you're seeing here.
John McCallion: Jimmy. Yes. We have a process. We will follow our processes we typically have. And we'll go through that during the course of the third quarter and provide an update on next quarter's earnings call. I don't think there's reasons to change. I don't think it I would call the environment would require a change in process, process should dictate and drive the results. So I think we have a very healthy process, objective process. And we'll kind of manage through that over the course of the next several weeks.
John McCallion: Humphrey. Yes. Look, I would probably put this in the context of just overall view. Of underwriting. So just as a reminder as to what Michelle mentioned, overall, for 2Q, we saw a modest impact in underwriting on a combined basis. We had higher claims in the U.S., and they were largely offset by auto claims, auto frequency claims. Also, we had some longevity impacts in the quarter. And then we had other claims and utilization benefits outside the U.S., particularly EMEA. As we look into the Q3 end of kind of a neutral impact on underwriting on a combined basis to still be the case even with death rising to 200,000 in the U.S. So a couple of things to highlight. We expect the mortality, as I said before, on my opening remarks for Group Life and MetLife Holdings to still be elevated, albeit migrating closer to the top end of our range. So not as severe as 2Q. And just particularly in Mexico, we expect COVID impact to rise in Q3. So we're forecasting about 40,000 deaths in Q3 for Mexico. And at this point, we'd estimate that would have roughly maybe a segment benefit ratio. And then going to your point around offsetting impacts. So offsetting these elevated losses, we do expect longevity offsets to increase in both R and long-term care as these typically are delayed by a quarter or are slower to emerge from a reporting perspective. And then as I said in my remarks, we also expect EMEA would migrate back to normal trends. So in summary, we think the net underwriting result would generally offset, and therefore, COVID impacts would remain modest in Q3.
Steven Goulart: Sure, Ryan, it's Steve Goulart. I'll take that. Let's step back and start with an overview of the portfolio again. It's nearly $51 billion now in commercial mortgages. And again, we continue to believe it's very conservatively positioned. The average loan-to-value is 57%. And the average debt service coverage ratio on the portfolio is 2.4x. It's very well diversified geographically and by property type. And we also feel it's concentrated in high-quality assets that are typically located in larger primary markets. So again, backdrop of a very strong fundamentally built diversified portfolio. That said, there clearly are signs of stress in sectors like hotel and retail. For us, that's less than 25% of the total. And not surprisingly, as I talked about on the previous earnings call, we have received requests for temporary debt service payment deferrals on the portfolio. We've reached a point where we're really not seeing much in the way of new requests, but we've granted about 9% on a principal balance outstanding of those. And again, they're heavily concentrated in hotel and retail. But again, these are payment deferrals. We don't expect losses, and we're not projecting losses from any of those today. It's just they're going to be delayed in receiving the principal and interest. And in addition to just those that we've granted deferrals on, we actually have received 100% of all other expected payments. In June. So this is something we'll deal with in this crisis. But again, given our long-term history of performance in commercial mortgages, and I'll remind you, from 2009 to '19, we have less than $120 million in cumulative losses, the portfolio, we believe, is well positioned, and we'll manage through this time period.
Steven Goulart: Jimmy, let's step back and just talk about the current environment, though. And John made some comments on this, too, and then I'll pick up. But we're still dealing crisis in the markets. And in our mind, that's presented a fair amount of uncertainty around what the shape of the recovery would look like. And what long-term impacts could be. Now we all know, Fed came to the rescue and through really unprecedented intervention has calmed the markets. And in general, the market tone have certainly improved where we were a quarter ago. And when you look at things like a lot of the downgrade projections that were in the market, just about all those participants have reduced their projections however, we are still seeing defaults and bankruptcies, and that trend is going to continue. If you think back to our first quarter call, we talked about how we are looking at that, different scenarios and analyses we've made and what the potential impact would be on our portfolio and on our risk-based capital, and what we said was through all the analysis we've done, we think that all the risks are manageable. So put that in the context of today, things have improved. The risk that we saw a quarter ago have also modestly improved.  And therefore, I guess, I'd describe it as continuing to be very manageable. But all that said, we are still very cautious about the market because there is a disconnect, we think, between kind of technicals and fundamentals. So we continue to be cautious. We've continued to reposition the portfolio. When we see price and spread action like we've seen in some sectors and names that we are still cautious about, we're going to continue and have continued to reduce our exposure. At the same time, though, there are attractive opportunities, and we're going to take advantage of them when we can. Particularly we've seen over the last quarter, continued opportunities in private assets, and so we'll continue to invest there. So again, it's really one of balance about continuing to take advantage of what the market will give us to lighten up the portfolio in those sectors and names that we are so cautious about. But taking advantage of opportunities that we see, which, again, right now seem to be more heavily concentrated, again, no surprise in private assets, which, again, given our strong origination networks, our reputation of commitment to those sectors and our conservative underwriting really serve us well. And I think that's when you just look at our commitment to sound underwriting to asset liability management, and most importantly, to diversification across the portfolio that allows us to really continue to put up a long term positive, successful investing track record even in markets like this.
Steven Goulart: Yes. So our new money yield for the quarter was 3.41%. Our roll off was 3.72. And that reflects -- I think that's down a little bit from the last quarter, but it does reflect still being able to take advantage of opportunities that we do see. In the market. And again, we're obviously in a prolonged low interest rate and for now anyway, tighter spread environment. So that trend is likely to continue in the near term. But again, the diversification that we have available for us from an investing perspective will continue to serve us well.
