Michel Khalaf: Good morning, Ryan. Yes. So, let me just start with Q1, obviously it was 181, main driver there being VII and then our result ex-VII was 89 basis points of spread. And just -- maybe start with just the sequential decline in the spread with a few basis points and that was generally the rising LIBOR, which is something we highlighted as in our sensitivities that would put pressure on the spread. I think one of the things that was performed better than expected as we did see a recovery in some of our real estate property income investments in the quarter in Q1, so that helped to offset some of that downward pressure that we expected. I’d say, given the upward trend in LIBOR we have already seen in 2Q, we would probably expect kind of that mid single-digit decline to occur that we would have thought to have seen in the first quarter, but to start to see in the second quarter. But if the forward curves come to fruition, we would actually start to see maybe a shift in the spread moving back up a little bit, and I’d say, there’s probably two reasons for that. So one is, so we get these sensitivities at the outlook and then typically the day after they are not as good as they were the day before. Ad so in terms of LIBOR, we talked about a rise in LIBOR having a headwind, at some point that kind of flips to be a positive and that’s probably kind of around the 200-basis-point level and so we are at maybe a little above 130-basis-point today. So, we expect kind of rising LIBOR to continue to pressure us in the second quarter, but if it continues to rise, it would actually begin to provide income. And then the second thing as you point out just kind of the overall increase in rates, it typically comes in 10 -- the benefit of the 10-year comes in at a slower, not as quickly and so, but that will start to emerge over time. So hopefully that helps.
Michel Khalaf: Yeah. We don’t -- we would not expect any unusual impacts to occur. I think the broad interest rate sensitivities we gave as part of our outlook directionally still hold, even though the shape of the curve is a little different, so numbers may not be exact, but I would say the directional nature of that from an earnings perspective, which means that it’s a little negative in the first year, may -- I might call it neutral-ish now just the way things have kind of panned out and then you start to see kind of the positive momentum emerge in the 2023 and 2024, again, assuming rates kind of pan out as they are projected to. And then in terms of stat capital now, we would not expect any unusual volatility or result as a -- as a result of a rising rate environment.
Michel Khalaf: Hi, Elyse. I would say what we saw this quarter is very much in line with kind of normal quarterly fluctuations we see. Just to give you some color in terms of one of the drivers here, if you look at our kind of large claims here define, let’s say, you take a $2 million mark. We have got higher number of those claims. But when I say higher, you think high-single digits and we have got quarters when that came below our expectation. So this is kind of normal quarterly fluctuation. We clearly look at the numbers, we are the largest writer of Group Life Benefits in the industry, and as of this point, we are not seeing any real evidence outside of COVID of any long-term adverse trends here.
Michel Khalaf: Sure. In terms of persistency, we continue to see very, very strong persistency on our book. That’s up and down market and very much kind of in line with our expectations. And as I have highlighted before, we are seeing that persistency even in a environment where we have been taking price increases on -- in particular on the life book given the uncertainty around COVID, so the persistency has been really excellent. We are also seeing continued momentum on our voluntary portfolio and that’s going to continue to drive double-digit PFO growth in our business. And just to give you a flavor of that, we ended the year well above $1 billion of PFOs in voluntary and we continue to see good growth on that. In terms of employment, that’s a tailwind. We are starting to see that in the business. Clearly higher employment levels provide just more eligibles and therefore more premiums. Wage inflation is another tailwind, although that does play out gradually over time. So we don’t expect that to see kind of having an immediate uptick and it does depend on the population that’s getting those wage increases, et cetera, but both of these I would think of as general tailwinds to the business and we are seeing evidence of that in our book today.
Michel Khalaf: Hey. Good morning, Tracy. Good question. Obviously, we have that long-term assumption and things have changed quite a bit. I think it’s early for us to make any predictions at this point. Obviously, as we get into that kind of the end of the second quarter into the third quarter, really more of the third quarter, we will start to think about it. I think as we have all realized that things can change quickly. So -- and so I think it’s -- and it is a long-term assumption. But having said that, I think, you highlighted some kind of the circumstances we are in that the current rates are higher than our long-term assumption that we are -- we projected to hit in 12 years. So that is -- but I wouldn’t anticipate kind of any abrupt change one way or the other, we just made that change recent, few years ago and so you need to kind of see a trend before you would necessarily make a change, but again we will have to kind of evaluate all the data that’s out there when we get closer. In terms of inflation, it’s probably, it’s not a -- it’s really, I’d say, probably, more related to your first part of the question, what does that, how does that really impact rates. That’s probably the biggest area for us when it comes to reserving. I think outside of that, it’s -- there is generally, if you have any inflation impact, it’s generally offset by other factors, net-net, so that’s probably how I’d answer the inflation point.
Michel Khalaf: Great. Well, thank you again for joining us on this busy morning. Our strong performance in the first quarter of 2022 building on last year’s outstanding results should provide further evidence of the significant progress we are making in delivering on our all-weather Next Horizon strategy. This management team is laser-focused on continuing to execute with urgency and we are confident in our ability to create long-term sustainable value for all stakeholders. Thanks again and talk soon.
John McCallion: Hey, Elyse. It’s John. Good morning. I think as we have said before, rising interest rates are, I think, beneficial to the block, the risk transfer, block transfer market and I think there is, so that gives, but I don’t think that’s the only thing that people are focused on. I don’t think it changes materially. I think is a modest positive as we have talked about improving interest rates, solid equity markets, I think they all kinds of support a healthy risk transfer market. So, but again, I don’t think that’s the only driver and I think as we have seen over the years, the last few years, there is been plenty of transactions even at lower rates. So, but again, I think, it’s a modest positive.
John McCallion: Sure. Good morning. Good morning, Suneet. Yeah. That’s right. I mean I think it’s just the kind of some of the geography between our -- where our VA reserves go versus some of the kind of the hedges and you think about just what equity markets did that probably explains some of that difference and some of the realization of that. So that’s kind of number one. You commented and then your second point is just on stat capital generation. Yeah, I think, it was down 2%, so maybe a little over $300 million. I’d kind of put that in the normal volatility in any one quarter we paid our normal kind of a fourth of 25% of our kind of target dividend for the year, give or take in the quarter and which had a little additional volatility. So I wouldn’t read into that any -- in anyway, I’d kind of sort of consider that to be normal volatility and I wouldn’t consider a trend.
John McCallion: Good morning, Alex. Yes. We are certainly pleased with the execution and that’s not without headwinds and what we are all dealing with today in terms of inflation, wage increases and things like that, but I think it’s a testament to the team and really the embedded culture that we have built here around efficiency mindset. It’s a critical point of our strategy as you mentioned. And just on the ratio itself, it was 11.7. I mentioned in the opening remarks that, you have to be careful, the headline number is probably benefiting about 40 basis points from elevated COVID claims, which impact our participating cases and that creates increase in revenue is a bit of a gross-up on the P&L. So, net-net, we are still -- we are a little above 12, but maybe -- but still below the 12.3. And that’s -- within there is also includes our intention to continue to invest in the firm for growth to improve our use of technologies and then, obviously, if circumstances dictate that gives us optionality to leverage that capacity in different ways and to protect margins. So, all in all, I’d say, we are executing on our target, our initiative, when it comes to managing expenses.
John McCallion: Yeah. I think, as you point out, we have a lot of sources of cash to the holding company. I think what we have committed to, we don’t commit to kind of a dividend in any one legal entity. And I think the benefit of having a diverse set of cash generation that can be sent to the holding company is that, it gives us the benefit of being able to commit to the 65% to 75% free cash flow ratio on average over two-year period. And so it’s not something we target at any one entity. We look at all aspects of how we are trying to manage our cash and capital at the operating entities, where we are looking to grow, where we need extra capital, things like that. And I think the benefit is, like I said, it’s a diverse set of sources is very helpful. So we don’t set a target at any legal entity externally, I should say, and then we kind of, just like you manage your own wallet, we manage our collective wallets the same way.
