Ramy Tadros: Erik, it's Ramy here. As we've discussed in John's remarks, the group results this quarter were primarily a frequency effect. So we saw the significant increase in the total number of population deaths. And that was accompanied by a secondary effect, which is a severity effect, whereby we did see an increase in the percentage of claims under 65. And those claims, which tend to be for working employees, do have a higher face amount. So if you think about it and if you think about the outlook going forward, we're watching that composition very carefully. But I would say that the primary driver in the second quarter is still going to be the frequency, right? So as you know, with the rollout of the vaccine, the COVID related deaths in the population have been declining. If you do any comparison between, say, January average death number to April has been a significant decline. So while we still have a substantial number of deaths coming through, therefore, expect to see an elevated mortality ratio in the second quarter. We do expect the underwriting ratio to come down from its Q1 highs.
Ramy Tadros: Hi, Suneet, it's Ramy here. So I'll start off with the sales. We're really pleased with our performance this quarter. And as John mentioned, 2021 is shaping up to be a record year for us in terms of Group Benefits. I would say the three drivers of sales; the first one is a significant uptick in the jumbo activity in national accounts. Now that's coming off a low in 2020, but this is our sweet spot. This is where we excel, and we've done exceptionally well this quarter there. I would also remind you, just for jumbo accounts, these sales can be lumpy from year-to-year. Beyond that, if you look at products and markets, we've just seen, I would say, strength across the board from a product perspective, as well as increased sales in both regional and small. So it's pretty even. And then, the last driver of sales I would point to is, we continue to successfully execute on our enrollment and reenrollment strategy at the worksite that we've talked about on prior occasions. So we're seeing pretty strong underlying sales growth there.  When it comes to PFO growth, which we think is the actual measure that best captures the top line of this business; you really need to peel back from that 16%, 5 points due to these participating contracts. So think about 11 as the underlying growth there, and that is in line with our expectations and in line with our outlook. So we're very pleased with that result as well. And the PFO drivers, in addition to sales, would be strong persistency. We continue to see very high persistency with our customers. And our value proposition is resonating with those customers, and they're doing more business with us. We're getting all of our rate actions at renewals also in line with our expectations. And then also what's driving the PFO number, coming back to that reenrollment strategy, is very disciplined execution of our voluntary strategy in the work site. And so, we continue to see those double-digit growth in voluntary in that PFO number.
Ramy Tadros: We don't break that out. At the transaction, we did indicate that we that we expected to add about $1.3 billion of PFO from Versant in the year. So you can use that as a framework.
Ramy Tadros: Sure. So I'll keep this brief. In the quarter, the two I'll point out to, one is dental. We did see some benefit from lower utilization early in the quarter. But as we expected, the utilization normalized back in line with historical levels as the quarter progressed. And then in disability, we're still seeing very favorable results. We saw a slight uptick in incidence rates from years ago, but we continue to see positive trends on recoverability there.
Michel Khalaf: Yes, hi, good morning Elyse, it's Michel. So let me start at a high level by just reiterating our philosophy and our approach, which is that beyond supporting organic growth and in the absence of strategic accretive risk-adjusted hurdle rate clearing M&A, excess capital belongs to our shareholders. And we define excess capital as cash or cash equivalents at our holding companies above our liquidity buffer, which is still the $3 billion to $4 billion that we've discussed. As you know, we bought back $1 billion in the first quarter. We ended the quarter with $3.8 billion in cash at our holding companies. So that's within our $3 billion to $4 billion buffer. And we did so with the full knowledge that we would close shortly on the sale of our P&C company and substantially boost our cash and excess capital position. We have $1.6 billion remaining on our repurchase authorization, which we will extinguish in 2021. And historically, we've managed our authorization deliberately and expeditiously, particularly in the wake of major divestments. So expect us to do the same here.
Michel Khalaf: Yes. Again, here, I would just maybe start with sort of our approach and philosophy, which again, is - has been very consistent and no change there. So we will always look for M&A opportunities that fit our strategy that are accretive over time for our shareholders. We have a constant basis globally through which we evaluate opportunities based on value and cash generation. All M&A opportunities will need to earn more than their cost of capital. And we determine what we're willing to pay for a business by evaluating capital markets, the cost of raising capital and synergies. And acquisition opportunities will need to be more attractive than share repurchases. So what we do is we try to achieve a healthy balance between returning cash to our shareholders and investing in attractive future growth through M&A. And I think some of the sort of recent transactions that we've done, such as Versant Health last year, but first acquisition prior to that, Logan Circle a couple of years back, I think those give you a sense of sort of what that - sort of approach or strategy that I outlined. So no change here.
Michel Khalaf: Yes. I'm not sure - hi Suneet, Michel. I'm not sure we provided a guide, but let me just remind of what we said on the outlook, which is that this year's expense ratio will be pressured because of the sale of P&C, which has a lower direct expense ratio and that we would expect to get back to at or below the 12.3% by 2022. Now, obviously, we came in at 11% in Q1. A few factors that contributed to this. One is the PFO growth, obviously. And I think there were - in John's comments, we mentioned some of the impact of participating group life contracts, for example, on that PFO growth. Versant was an important also factor there. Then we had really good expense discipline across our businesses. And we did have also some, I would say, timing related expenses that maybe benefited us by about 25 basis points. So our expectation for the second to fourth quarter is that the expense ratio will be consistent with our full year outlook guidance. And as I said, we believe that 12.3% is the right level for us, because that allows us to continue to make important investments in our business. So no change in terms of how you should look at the balance of the year.
Michel Khalaf: Hi, Mike. I mean, I would just refer you back to our overall sort of approach and philosophy and the track record also post divestment. And I think that should give you a good sense of how we would sort of move forward here.
Michel Khalaf: Great, thank you. So let me close by saying that we're very pleased with our first quarter financial results. While they were puts and takes with variable investment income and mortality, our underlying results showed both strength and positive momentum across our business segment. We consider the quarter's results and other installment on our commitment to consistent execution and we look forward to continuing to generate long term value for all our stakeholders. Thank you for joining us this morning and have a great day.
John McCallion: Sure, Andrew. So, if you - if we parse out the total Asia sales into Japan and other Asia, they will pretend for a minute. While sequentially and even on the previous calls right, we've been making steady progress in Japan sales since Q2, right? Q3 was better than Q2, last year Q4 was better than Q3. And Q1 is a build off of Q4 from last year. And if you then say, okay, where is this coming from? A couple of things. We have three broad product lines, life, A&H and annuities. And then we have a couple of channels, right? We've got essentially what I would broadly classify as face-to-face channels. We can go further breakdown of that, but that's not needed for this call and - the good news for us is even in this tough environment, our face-to-face channels were pretty resilient from a year-over-year perspective. There's a little bit of pressure on A&H, but our life segment pretty much held flat. And then much of the growth came in from the annuities, which are primarily sold through banks. And in the previous calls, I talked a lot about our advantages in the annuity space on the FX because these are all foreign currency or dollar denominated. And we have many advantages that we bring to the table on that and also the strength of the bank partnerships that we bring to the table as well. So because of that, because of this diversification of products and diversification of channels and our lean in on our strengths that's basically contributed to the resiliency of our sales in Japan. Now with regards to - and by the way, this has not been easy. I have to tell you that. But our teams on the ground have done, I think, a fantastic job with regards to that. Now again, this is playing out, right? I can't sit here and say, this is definitive because COVID is a factor that's an ongoing concern across Asia. With regards to other Asia, again, very strong sales growth. But remember, last year, the pressure started early outside of Japan, in China, right, because of COVID. And so the year-over-year comparisons look very favorable on the other Asia segment. But again, I think I'd lean more on the strength of our businesses and our market presence in terms of how we've executed this quarter. Korea was very strong in terms of performance. India was also strong in performance from a sales perspective. We've recovered nicely in China, which is a major factor. Again, COVID is still a factor in all these markets. And we continue to stay focused on execution. At the end, that's what it boils down to. I hope that helps. 
John McCallion: Good morning, Tom, sorry for the voice. Just overcoming little COVID recovery here. So all right, let me try to take that. Look, it's probably not going to go too far back because that was the whole reason we gave you in guidance, right? But look, we talked about some pretty large one-time items in the third and fourth quarter last year from prepayments and other things like that. And we knew those things weren't going to recur. And so those - that's probably one item. Second is we did reference that new re-class and real estate funds up into VII. And that probably cost another four points of shift. So we really kind of migrate back to the range. I mean I wouldn't go backwards so much as I would think about how we look relative to the guidance we gave in February. And I think we're right in line, I mean, maybe even slightly above this quarter. But honestly, the 80s is probably a little above. And I think the outlook, putting aside yet VII, is intact. 
John McCallion: Yes. Let me clarify where you're going. So, that - I'm not talking about prepayment income when I said that there were prepayment activities impacting the non-VII spread in the third and fourth quarter. What happened was we saw just a real jump in refinancing, and that was impacting the RMBS securities and how they were running off. And that was having a jump in our non-VII spread. So, hopefully, that helps. 
John McCallion: Suneet, I'll just add that, like, just to the point on the guide, we give an annual guide. This quarter came in much better than we thought. But if you adjust for this quarter and think about the rest, we're expecting to be slightly above this year, but trending well. 
John McCallion: Hi Mike. Good to hear you. Yeah. So, I'd say things are trending positively in the space. It's still slow. Rates are still low. Spreads are wide. But things are emerging. And I think our philosophy has been to just continue to be ready. But it's - there's a lot of activity and we're just going to make sure we're ready to act if something is value accretive. So I don't think there's any material change from the last call. 
