Steven Kandarian: John, the timing that we anticipate is second quarter 2012, and a sale would have to be approved by the Fed. But obviously we'll be very mindful of that as we think of the [indiscernible] this business.
Steven Kandarian: John, we look at our overall portfolio from a strategic point of view and we're constantly assessing the different businesses that we've owned for a while ourself as MetLife and also we picked up in the Alico transaction. So there's ongoing discussions and analysis around those topics. I don't want to announce anything right now. We don't have anything to say at this moment. But I can simply say that we are constantly assessing our businesses across the entire portfolio both internationally and domestically.
Steven Kandarian: I think size isn't the only measure here. Size can be a factor. It depends on the marketplace but profitability is really the key. Return on equity, delivering shareholder value is what we're really focused on.
Steven Kandarian: John, yes, we have been obviously quite focused on this and let me just say that, maybe at a higher level first, that while this is a very difficult time, is following this very critical issue closely, I'll just mention that it's beyond just reason of debt ceiling that's going on in Washington right now. It's really a bit of a turning point for us as a nation in terms of getting our finances in order long term. So as painful as it is to watch this, it is kind of democracy at work, and the hope is that not just we raise the debt ceiling in an appropriate way but that we'll be addressing these long-term issues for our economy so that we remain a strong currency, a strong environment for economic growth in the future, and I am hopeful. It's hard to watch. It's difficult to see it everyday, but I am hopeful that there will be action in Washington that will be appropriate, that'll address this long-term problems in a sensible way. And we have been working very hard at this internally. I'm going to turn it over a minute over to Steve Goulart to give you some specifics but let me just say in a high level that we feel that we are well positioned even if there happens to be a 1 notch downgrade of the U.S. Treasury at this point in time. And I'm not saying that will happen, but we have to, at least, take that into consideration as a contingency.
Steven Kandarian: John, it's Steve. Let me start and Bill can add other comments. We spoke to our board when we did this, our largest transaction our history, Alico, about how we would proceed for the coming year after the closing, November of last year. And one thing that we agreed with them on was let's make sure that this acquisition is fully integrated, that we get the results that we anticipated at the time that we struck this deal and before we start thinking about capital redeployment. So that was something that we agreed to with them and the timeframe that Bill Wheeler laid out in terms of late October board meeting relates to that.  The second thing I'd say is, over the last several months, we've seen a great deal of uncertainties still remain in the marketplace around regulatory issues. And it's unclear at this time how that will impact all of us in the industry. So we just think it's prudent to wait at this point in time, as much as we understand the desire by our shareholders and others, to get a clarity on this issue of capital redeployment. But still, we think it's prudent to wait along the lines we talked about with our board last year to make a determination late October about what the right strategy would be going forward.
Steven Kandarian: We certainly feel very good about our capital position. We are hopeful about how things will sort out in Washington around regulation. We believe the integration of Alico will continue on track as we mentioned. So overall, we're quite optimistic.
Steven Kandarian: Colin, It's Steve on the VA issue. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we have a filing-in to the SEC on some proposed changes. So let me just kind of state a general level to the question that like all of our products, all of our businesses, we look for a balanced growth. We have a real broad portfolio of products, of markets we're in globally. And one of the reasons we performed so well this quarter in the face of significant headwinds, headwinds related to natural disasters, related to issues in the economy in Europe and the United States and elsewhere, is that we have a very balanced portfolio. So we're very mindful of that, it's part of our strategy, it's something we focus on all the time. So we wouldn't want any one part of our business to overwhelm other parts of the business. So we're mindful of that, we meet as a team regularly on these kinds of issues. As I mentioned, we do have a filing with the SEC, which we anticipate we'll sort through in August and we'll have some adjustments to the features on the VAs. And I'll just add that when we put out GMIB Max, we have to make a call about what would be competitive in the marketplace. We thought it was a very attractive product for our customers. We thought it also help reduce our risk at MetLife, it was kind of a win-win in our judgment, and I think that has proved out in the marketplace. The features we put in place really dated back to the December timeframe in terms of the market conditions. December to August is a great deal of time in terms of changes that's going on, and we re-assess these things all the time. So you'd expect and you'll see that we'll be making some adjustments in the VA space soon.
Steven Kandarian: Yes, I think that's right. That's a good way to think about it. You know, Colin, the one thing I would say is it is a very dynamic marketplace in the VA space right now. You're seeing a couple of things happen. First of all, the market itself is growing dramatically. If you look at the first quarter growth year-over-year, it was up over 20%. Secondly, there's been a great concentration of VA sales among the top 5 players. And today, VA sales for the top 5 were over 50% of total sales, where a few years ago it was in the low 30s. And so, the level of sales that you have in any given quarter is a function obviously of the product that you have in the market, but it's also a function of what happens in the competitive environment and we want to build products to make sure that we can react quickly to changes in the marketplace so that we continue to grow this business at a rate that we like. It's an important part of our growth story and we're committed to it. But as Steve said, we just want to manage it well in the context of our overall portfolio of businesses.
William Wheeler: Yes, as we have said in a couple of times in many places all our capital management activities towards the end of this year will need Federal approval.
William Wheeler: The discussion with the Federal Reserve and our board, which we think will conclude -- we'll have something more to say after the October board meeting, which is at the end of October.
William Wheeler: I would guess I'd answer that by saying there is a lot of activity and there's a lot of activity on the international front, not a lot of it is smaller. Sort of like our deal in Turkey but there's a lot of activity. In terms of our interest, look as I think we've said many times, in many places, we want to focus on growth businesses, with good ROEs, the cash that we use for this business, we have to make sure that we get a good return on and that we can build shareholder value and compare that return to other uses for that capital, and I think that our track record there is pretty good. And so there's a lot going on and we'll continue to look at it.
William Wheeler: Well, just a review of the bidding. We did talk about we put on a hedge to protect some of our earnings really we bought a floor. That obviously, that floor, exchange rate has moved away from that floor. And so we're along ways away from that target. I think today, the yen is JPY 77, JPY 78 to the dollar. We do examine occasionally to be opportunistic with regard to hedging currency. It is not our policy, by the way, to hedge currency on an ongoing basis. But when we think there's a great opportunity at a great price, we do it. So we haven't done anything since then but we do continue to look at it.
William Wheeler: Colin, and finally, it's Bill Wheeler about the back changes. So obviously DAC policy is going to change regarding what kind of a marketing and sales expenses can be capitalized next year and that's true for both Domestic, International businesses obviously. We're also going to likely, though it's not a given, we're likely to do a retrospective adjustment regarding our current DAC balance and make that conform with sort of the new accounting policies to provide sort of consistency between years and that may very well result in a one-time write-off in fact sometime in the early part of next year. Non-cash charge, obviously the change to book value. And I think some people have focused on the idea that well, gee, if the agent is an employee of a company versus to be [ph] the third party that may change your DAC policy and what can be capitalized and unfortunately, even though that may end up being through. My philosophy, and I think the philosophy of Met is we don't let accounting peculiarities drive business decisions, okay. If it's good to have agents as MetLife employees and have them sell in that way and pay them as such, accounting should not be the decision about whether or not or certainly whether an expense that's capitalized, or cost gets capitalized, or expense should not be driving that decision. It should be business driven. That said, there's likely to be some anomalies at least in the short run. In the long run, I think this all is not much of an issue. But in the short run, the next year or so, there might be some anomalies on how people's income statements work. Our peculiar issue happens in Japan or really with regard to Alico where our DAC in purchase accounting, our DAC is replaced with VOBA and which works a lot like DAC but is not able to be adjusted for changes in DAC policy going forward or certainly not in the same way that our DAC balances are. So that could cause some anomalies in some of our earnings for our International operations as well. So there's lots of little wrinkles. We're not in any position yet to kind of size these issues and in a quarter or so, we might be able to, obviously, by Investor Day, we think we'll be able to. But so it's, I guess, stay tuned.
William Wheeler: That's right. So there's no DAC on the statutory basis. It's not a cash charge. It will affect GAAP book value.
William Wheeler: Probably not. I guess I feel that -- look, I think we're committed to doing both. And when we talk to investors and we say what's important to you, dividends or buybacks? Guess what? We get both answers. To some investors groups they really focus on dividends, others want to see buyback activity and our expectations that we'll do both, and we'll try to do both in a balance that make sense. In my mind, it's just too early to speculate about size of deals, size of programs. And I'm not sure we'll tell the world or we'll give a program target size. I'm not sure that's how we should manage buyback activity. I think we should be opportunistic and obviously it depends on stock prices. And so there's a lot of variables. I'm not sure I can shed much more light on it.
William Wheeler: I didn't. But to give you a sense of it, our combined RBC ratio at the end of 2010 was 458% and my expectation is that, that will decline by the end of 2011. And I'm not quite sure we have an internal projection where that will go to but it will head south because we don't need that much capital at the insurance subs and as I sort of said in my remarks, the excess capital that's sitting on our insurance sub, it doesn't really become deployable until it gets to the holding company and that's our expectation is what we're doing this year and we're bringing a lot of that capital up to the holding company so it then can be used for other things.
William Wheeler: I guess the short answer is maybe. When we set this policy over 10 years ago, the cash or the additional expense was kind of made it prohibitive in our minds. I think things have changed. And the costs are not as significant as they once were. So it's something that we will likely examine. Other people have kind of given this feedback, too, that maybe a quarterly dividend makes more sense and so it's something we'll think about.
William Toppeta: Andrew, it's Bill Toppeta. First of all, I would tie this more to sales. Sales are strong overall. They're up 25%. In Japan, they're up 28% year-over-year. So I think what our future outlook would be will be much more tied to our sales than to our revenues. I mean, the current softness in Japan I think is almost totally explained by the tsunami, the earthquake and the results of that and maybe adding a little softness on top of that for Europe. Those things are more macro related, and I think that they will be remedied in the course of time. But making a prediction, 3 or 4 or 5 years out on earnings, I think it would be perilous, at best.
William Toppeta: You're kind of breaking up a little bit, so I'm losing little bits of your question. I don't want to...
William Toppeta: Well, I mean, I don't know if I can add much to what I just said. I think the products are priced correctly. The margins are in the products and the sales are coming in very strongly.
William Toppeta: Well, I think there are a couple of things. One is, I think, A&H sales are very strong and they're not just strong in Japan, where they continue to lead. I mean the A&H sales in Japan are up 10% but we told you at our Japan Investor Day that we had, before the Alico transaction even closed, that we were going to take A&H across to other markets and we are doing that successfully. A&H sales are up strongly in Latin America, in places like Chile and Argentina, in Mexico, their A&H sales are good and I think we'll get stronger in Korea. I think places like the Middle East and China are also showing strength in A&H and these are very good margin products. So I think that should add to your confidence. The other thing that I would say is it's not quite a product, but I think one of the stories that will evolve here over the next several quarters is Bancassurance. I mean our Bancassurance business is very strong with the major bank distributors like Citigroup growing strongly, the mega banks in Japan, overall, the Bancassurance sales, second quarter, are up 81% year-over-year and that's not even putting in things like what Steve mentioned about Turkey and the acquisition there the new deal in India. So I would say keep an eye on Bancassurance sales going forward because this is a very strong area for us.
William Toppeta: Nigel, it's Bill Toppeta. You were breaking up a little. So if I get the question wrong, you'll correct me. But in terms of the guidance that we gave back on Investor Day, we still believe that we will be in the ranges that we gave you at that time. So there's no change with respect to any of those targets. The one thing I might add because I know that some people kind of take every number and divide it by 4, that's not exactly the way we do our plan. So there is some seasonality in our plans with respect to, particularly earnings, they do tend to be more back-end loaded. So they usually start off slower in the first and second quarters, and then pick up in the third and fourth. That is consistent with this year, so, but we believe we will be in the ranges that we gave you.
William Toppeta: Yes, it's Bill Toppeta, Tom. I would say the answer is absolutely yes. You're talking about a business that will grow high single digits. I mean the one thing that as I reflected on the question that was asked before and now on yours, I think the one thing where we might be seeing a bit of an anomaly is in the area of persistency. So our persistency is improving generally but not improving as quickly as we would like it too. So I'll give you the example of Japan. Persistency in Japan is up a little less than 1% for the quarter. We had a persistency program to roll out in Japan, which was to address a couple of things. One would be orphaned policyholder and the management of orphaned policyholders and the other one was notifications to agents in an earlier and more timely way, so that they could work on the retention of the business. Those things, those programs were all delayed by about, and I would say, 45 days as a result of the earthquake. So there may be something in the persistency area that has a bearing on this but I still think the conclusion is that this is a high single-digit growth business in terms of revenues and I think you clearly will see that going forward. The other area where I think there is a little softness as I've said before is Europe and I think those 2 things are the explanation. They are, I think, a bit of an anomaly. I hope that helps.
