John C. R. Hele: Hi, Sean. This is John. Yes, that's true. It's not intuitive, if you look at the net number that we talk about with the Corporate loss, and that's because the Corporate pre-tax loss is larger than you may think, and there's more tax credits than normal than the 35%. So, the total change, the increase in our range of $200 million is totally and only due to tax reform changes and this will be mitigated by better margins in the rest of our business.
John C. R. Hele: Yeah, it's definitely above 10%. And it's all in the assumptions you make and how you think about it. So, it is complex, but we do a lot of work on this and we continue to work to have a better claims management as well as appropriate rate filings with the state. So, this is an ongoing effort we've had. We've had it for quite a long time on this. And don't forget, on a statutory basis, we tested more conservative assumptions than GAAP and you can see the statutory reserves are larger than the GAAP reserves.
John C. R. Hele: Hi, Jimmy. This is John. Let me follow up on your Asia question. You're right, the Other Asia wasn't up quite as much. Steve was referring to emerging markets were very strong, but in Korea and Hong Kong, there's some timing points of sales quarter-over-quarter. If you look at the full year, though, for Other Asia, the growth of sales is up 20%. So, there's some timing quarter-to-quarter, but we're very pleased with our Other Asia sales growth in the year. And on BHF, you're right, we have to file with the SEC for some work for some no-action relief and we need a long enough open window, 20 days of trading days in order to walk through it. And sometimes it goes a few days beyond that, so we have to pick a window where we don't run afoul of various information. So, the timing we haven't exactly set on yet, but it will have to be in a long enough window and we will let you know when we get it filed and going.
John C. R. Hele: The interest rates in GAAP start at the current curve and slowly grade like all of our U.S. GAAP assumptions to a (42:55) 10-year Treasury out about 11 years from now and is statutory. It's tested at various different rates, including level rates forever.
John C. R. Hele: Sure, why don't I take some expenses. We're doing these outreach programs and doing additional efforts there, we expect those costs would be absorbed by the business. There may be for the investigation we're doing led by the Chief Risk Officer could be some slightly higher expenses throughout the year, but we believe those would be still within the Corporate & Other range that we've given you for expenses for the overall year. And I'll turn it over to Michel to speak about the business impacts.
John C. R. Hele: Hey, Ryan. This is John again. I want to just add, on slide 7, we showed you the 4Q's in-quarter activity of minus $8 million after-tax. So, you should add that into future modeling that you have of that business, that amount would be roughly recurring.
John C. R. Hele: Hi, Suneet. It's John. Well, as you know and as we announced last year, we have changed our hedging strategy to be less sensitive to changes in interest rates than we were historically. So, there will be some impact because it's never perfect, but it should be less muted than it has been in the past.
John C. R. Hele: Well, let's remember, we talk about free cash flow as a percentage of cash we get from our subsidiaries and, well, the largest being the U.S. companies, which is on a statutory basis. And there's a delay, of course, you get the dividend approved for the following year based on your last year's earnings. And then the denominator is your GAAP earnings. So, our GAAP earnings are going to go up by the change in tax reform by about 5 points. So out of the get-go, even with the same dividend and as there's like a year delay in getting this all done, we also have the charge in stat that will impact dividend capacity slightly in 2018. So, we expect, compared to where we were pre, to have some lower numbers in 2018, a little better – it will improve in 2019. So, there's a bit of timing going on. We're not currently a very large cash taxpayer in the U.S. and it will be some time before we are, so you have that dynamic going on. But we have reiterated we expect to be at the low end of the two-year average 65% to 75% over 2018 and 2019.
John C. R. Hele: No, we will fund these additionally to what we have, and we are still working very hard on our unit cost initiative projects and all the other improvements we're making throughout the world.
John C. R. Hele: Yes, that would include the buybacks we plan, the remaining $1.4 billion we have outstanding under the $2 billion authorization, the exchange of the Brighthouse shares and the common dividend.
John C. R. Hele: When Brighthouse was spun and separated, we have a separation master agreement and anything prior to 1/1/2017, we have ours, they have theirs, and that's how it's set up.
John C. R. Hele: Well, there'll be different rates in different segments. Our overseas tax rate is 25%, 26-ish, and then we have the U.S. tax rate 21%, we get some tax credits from many of our investments, so you will see some changes.
John C. R. Hele: Yes. Over time, we're 800 basis points to 900 basis points and we expect to prove even beyond that as we improve our unit cost post 2020.
John C. R. Hele: Yeah. Well, we will expect as TSAs go down, we do have higher strand that will increase slowly over time, and that's why we have this unit cost initiative to help offset that as it goes through. So, those two tend to offset each other. And as we announced, we're going to start giving you some expense ratios published with the sub details, so you can track us on a quarterly basis starting in the first quarter of 2018 and you'll be able to see how all this folds out over time.
John C. R. Hele: As of the end of 2017 cumulatively we're about $400 million in saves. And that was our – that's basically our target we had. Our one-time is running a little less than we had. We expect they'll get caught up, though, throughout the next two years.
John C. R. Hele: Yeah, we're still basically on the original slide that we gave you for the guidance that we had and, again, we'll give you some more details of this in an easier way to follow this on an ongoing basis. The trouble of all these programs is you save money in one place, but you're growing as well, so how do you know whether it's really flowing through or not. And that's why the expense ratio will be really the key measure. That's what we check ourselves with, the board checks us with, because you have these trackings, but it's also not just saving the money in the UCI program, but making sure you're being efficient elsewhere and you're not losing margin elsewhere in your firm. And as I said, we'll give you good clarity on this during the first quarter and we'll have regular discussions on it each quarter for you.
Steven A. Kandarian: Sean, it's Steve. Each has its own regulatory arena. The New York Department of Financial Services is obviously our primary insurance regulator and SEC is for securities matter, so each has its own arena, and we're cooperating with both fully. And we can't predict exactly how long this will play out. It's a process that will take its own course.
Steven A. Kandarian: Sure, Tom. When this matter came to light, we made sure we had the resources within countries and regions to put all necessary people against this review to get to the right answers; meaning, determining exactly what might else be out there in the same arena. And people are working very, very long hours, evenings, weekends, et cetera. And as reported, we have found nothing material coming out of that review, which was encouraging. To your point, there's always things in an insurance company, over the years, that you look at. You may change your estimates, change your actuarial assumptions and the like, or find new and better ways of doing things. But this was a very extensive and thorough review of our international operations.
Steven A. Kandarian: Well, the DFS approves dividends, but I think the case you're referring to, I don't anticipate that being applicable to us.
Steven A. Kandarian: They're playing their normal oversight role. The Audit Committee, in particular, and the full Board of Directors is quite involved in all the discussions that we've had internally in the company and we keep them updated on a regular basis.
Steven A. Kandarian: Josh, they'll go through their process, and once they've felt like they've come to a conclusion, they'll let us know, and we'll certainly communicate that to the marketplace.
Steven J. Goulart: Hi, Jimmy. It's Steve Goulart. Let me start and I'll ask Sachin Shah to comment a little bit more on Japan. But basically, when you look at all of Asia as a region, it was really some very strong performance and then some sort of flattish performance. But when you look at emerging markets, essentially our sales were up over 25% there on a year-over-year basis, and that was led by China where sales were up over 30%. Offsetting that a little bit were performances in Korea and Hong Kong on a quarterly basis, and those are just unusual events. The timing of a sales campaign in Korea was one impact. In Hong Kong, there were some regulatory changes that I think ended up with sort of a fire sale result when you look at the fourth quarter of last quarter. So, overall, again, very strong, we're very pleased with sales. I think Japan was flat and a lot of that had to do with change in mix. But let me ask Sachin if he wants to comment anymore on Japan.
Steven J. Goulart: Probably not a lot of color, Larry. This is Steve Goulart, by the way. But it's hard when you look at the new money yield. It moves around a lot on a quarter-by-quarter basis, just given our overall activity for the quarter, how much we're reinvesting, whether that's coming off of roll-off and what sort of roll-off and where we're seeing relative value and what our needs are for portfolio investing strategies in that quarter. So really just looking at a quarter-to-quarter basis I think is probably not the best way to think about what's going on. You want to think about long-term trends. And, again, we like the fact that interest rates continue to move up. We think that's going to be good for the portfolio overall and good for our earnings on the portfolio. So I would expect that number in general to increase, but, again, on an actual quarter-to-quarter basis, it's really impacted by a lot of the intra-quarter activity.
Steven J. Goulart: Well, what John was referring to was what we call our sort of roll-off/reinvest dilemma, i.e., the difference between where we're investing new money and what the roll-off yield is. And as we've said for several quarters, we do try and estimate what that would look like, at what point are we reinvesting at a breakeven level versus the roll-off securities from the portfolio, and John mentioned that's roughly 3%, probably a little bit above 3%, but there are also assumptions baked into that, too. Most importantly, that all spread relationships stay the same. Again, it's a positive trend. I mean, interest rates are heading higher. We know that as we approach a 3% 10-year, the portfolio investment options start looking better, we start eliminating some of the negative roll-off that's been impacting our portfolio yield over time, and so it's all very positive. Is it exactly linear? Never exactly linear, but the trend is certainly positive. And, again, as we approach a 3% 10-year that that will persist over time, that will be very positive for us.
Michel A. Khalaf: So obviously, Ryan, our focus and energy will be on resolving the issue that we disclosed and finding as many of the missing annuitants as possible and initiating payments to them. Having said that, we have a lot of expertise, we're a leader in the PRT space. We have a lot of expertise in terms of asset management, underwriting, liability management. And last year, as a matter of fact, we had a record year in terms of new business in PRT. So we're going to continue to be active in this market and we believe that with our enhanced process, which will be a best-in-class, we will remain competitive and we'll continue to win new business.
Michel A. Khalaf: Yeah, this is Michel again. So, we're going to see a benefit, but we expect that returns will normalize over time. So, if we think about our group business, obviously, renewals are done for 2018. Typically, our Group Life business has a three to five-year rate guarantee; our disability business, typically two-year guarantees; and dental is renewed annually. So, tax is a factor that goes into our pricing, it's not the only factor. A lot will depend on the competitive environment. Again, we don't compete solely on price. But we expect that over time, as business renews, as we compete for new business, we'll have to give back some of the benefit that we're getting from the tax reform.
Michel A. Khalaf: Well, I mean, clearly – this is Michel. Clearly, Humphrey, we are engaging with our key brokers, intermediaries to bring them up to speed on the issue and also to go through what we are doing to address it and the urgency and the resources that we're putting behind addressing this issue. So we're having those conversations as we speak. And ultimately, the market will decide how it will react to this matter. I think from our standpoint, we're making sure that we do everything humanly possible to deal with this issue to find those missing annuitants and to initiate payments and to have a process in place that we believe will be best-in-class in the industry.
Michel A. Khalaf: Well, I mean, typically PRT tends to be back-end loaded. We see much more activity in the second half of the year compared to the first half. So, I mean, this 2018 could be different, but we expect it to be a typical year in this regard. I just want to also stress that PRT is one component of our RIS business. We have other components of this business that continue to perform strongly, stable value, for example, structured settlements, and our capital markets business as well. So, that's one component of our overall RIS business.
