William Toppeta: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I would also express our sorrow about the recent tragic events in Japan and our admiration for the strength and resilience of the Japanese people in general and of our Japan colleagues in particular. Overall, the situation in Japan is challenging but appears to be improving, and it remains fluid. Our operations have responded well to the challenges and have begun to return to normal operations.  We've taken many steps to aid and relief efforts. Our Japan business provided direct support to impacted employees, agents and their families. We have made various charitable contributions and have been helping our customers in the regions hit by the earthquake and tsunami. I'm happy to report that none of our employees or career agents has been killed or seriously injured. Sadly, however, 2 of our independent agents are missing and presumed dead.  Under the circumstances, we decided that certain actions were appropriate. For the March 11 earthquake and subsequent tsunami, we have waived the earthquake and tsunami exclusions in our accidental death riders. In the affected regions, we have extended the grace period for premium payments and have reduced interest rates for new policy loans while at the same time expediting the process for claims, surrenders and policy loans.  From the onset of this crisis, we have been operating our business continuity program with over 300 of our associates temporarily reassigned from Tokyo to our facilities in Kobe, Osaka and Nagasaki. We currently expect to keep the business continuity program operating through September and thus through the peak power demand months of the summer.  With respect to the financial implications of the disaster, as you know, we report our MetLife Alico operations on a one-month lag basis. And thus, since the loss events occurred in March, we won't begin to reflect the financial impact until the second quarter. I would, however, like to give you our current best estimate of what that impact will be.  Our projections are based on the assumption that the situation in Japan, including the nuclear issue, gets no worse than it currently is and gradually improves. On that basis, we estimate that our policyholders represent about 4% of the population in the affected regions. We further estimate that the impact to the company's second quarter 2011 earnings from extraordinary claims and additional expenses due to the March 11 earthquake will be between $45 million and $65 million after taxes.  Most of the claims are on life insurance policies with a portion arising on accidental death and hospital coverage riders and policies as well, while the largest expense drivers relate to our business continuity program.  From a balance sheet perspective, our asset portfolio is holding up well. The only noteworthy investment we are monitoring is our bond holdings in Tokyo Electric Power Company, otherwise known as TEPCO, where our total exposure is presently approximately $550 million of book value.  Finally, our team continues to work diligently to keep our integration efforts on track. Of course, we've had to divert and reallocate some resources, but thanks to the exceptional efforts of many people, particularly our colleagues in Japan, we're confident that we can still meet our overall integration targets. Although, our subsidiarization project may take longer than we previously expected.  So I hope this gives you a brief summary of the situation. And with that, let me turn the call over to Bill Wheeler.
William Toppeta: It's Bill Toppeta. I guess I'll start. In terms of Alico, I would say it is performing at the earnings plan. And we've melded in the operations, so we're not going to be reporting them separately. But its performance is quite strong, and I think if you look at the Alico plan that we had, we're just right on the button in terms of the earnings, and that's also true on the MetLife side as well. So we gave you the planned ranges back on Investor Day. I'd say we're on track for those planned ranges. In terms of the situation in Japan, sure, we've seen a slowdown in activity, certainly, during March. Remember, the second quarter there will be March, April and May. The event took place on March 11, so naturally, there was a suspension of direct marketing sales in Japan. There was also an impact, obviously, in the Tokyo area, which accounts for about 30% to 40% of the sales. So we have a pipeline effect here, which is that there's business in the pipeline, and so it's a little early to make any judgments about what the impact ultimately is going to be. But the 3 months that we're focused on now, obviously, will be March, April and May. I'd say the situation is pretty fluid, and I'd rather not speculate on it beyond that.
William Toppeta: Well, I think what we've seen is we've seen people coming back to activity. The question is what will be the result of that activity. So what we're seeing in terms of numbers is from pipeline effect, I believe, and so it's very hard to sort out what's going to happen going forward. I think you just have to wait for the result.
William Toppeta: Sure. It's Bill Toppeta. I would say in most of the regions around the world, we're strong on sales, and the only exception that I would make to that is Europe. I would say Europe sales have been a bit weak compared to plan. Some of that is connected -- I think most of that, it's fair to say, is connected to sales of credit life insurance in Europe connected to less lending in the region. So I think as the lending comes back, we would expect the credit life sales to come back, but that's the only soft point. I think everybody else is extremely strong, and of course, overall, we're way up on sales.
William Wheeler: Sure, Suneet, so I think you're right. I mean, we've talked about -- in a lot of different public forums over the past period of time really, including Investor Day last December, we've talked about capital management as sort of being an end of 2011 exercise. And obviously, we pay an annual dividend, and we would declare that normally at the October board meeting. And you could say, "Gee, why this timing?" I feel that there's a couple of reasons for that. One is we wanted to make sure that Alico has gone as expected, and I would say so far it's gone very well. Secondly, we have to make sure we're in good sync with the rating agencies. And I think they have had a number of concerns over the past couple of years, and I think we've demonstrated that those concerns are unwarranted, but we felt that we would have to get into our 2011 year before some of those concerns went away. And those are really I think some of the big drivers. It is true that we are a bank holding company, and so we have to produce bank holding company capital ratios. Just to give you a sense of this, our Tier 1 bank holding company capital ratio is in excess of 8%. I think to be a well-capitalized bank, you need Tier 1 capital of approximately 6%. So obviously, there's a substantial capital cushion there as well. So I guess, I don't -- I'm not sure that's really a gating factor in terms of managing capital going forward.
William Wheeler: We don't, and it's not -- I don't think it's -- first of all, I think the Basel III capital ratios are unclear exactly what impact, if any, they will have on us. I believe we will probably not need to comply with Basel III in the way you might think. And obviously, the implementation of Basel III is more than half a decade off. So I don't think that's driving a difference between capital management, mid-year versus end of the year.
William Wheeler: We really don't. We don't know anything more than I think the general public in terms of where the FSOC will come out on SIFIs for the insurance industry. Obviously, we don't believe the life insurance industry should be considered systemically important, and we think there's a lot of good reasons why. But time will tell about where that decision gets made.
William Wheeler: There are some advertising initiatives scheduled in Japan, and there's a rebranding initiative. In fact, in much of the rest of the world, we had rebranding initiatives that have already occurred in the first quarter. Those special advertising or rebranding initiatives are really -- are reported as part of our integration cost, which means they're not included in operating income. They're below the line. And so that's what's going on with that kind of advertising. With regard to our overall expense ratio, I fully expect we're going to have a good year, and whether we'll be actually below our planned guidance or just at sort of the bottom end of it, I can't say yet. It's probably too early, but obviously we're off to a very good start.
William Wheeler: Nigel, with the second part of your question, in terms of the regulation of the insurance industry potentially by the Fed and because our -- mainly really for technical reasons, we're actually a bank holding company as opposed to a thrift holding company, which many of our peers are. I don’t -- it's not clear to me how that will all play out. Obviously, the substance of the issue is, is that we should be treated the same as the rest of the industry. We are mainly an insurance company, and we do have a nationally chartered bank, but we're an insurance company. And so the substance of the issue should be that the capital requirements and stuff should be the same as our peers, and it's a little early I think to speculate about how that will play out and how we'll negotiate with the Fed and others regarding those issues.
William Wheeler: And Colin, with regard to the riders and plan assumptions, we historically have always as part of our planned -- earnings planned projection process assumed 5% growth in the S&P 500. And I think we've acknowledged that, that's conservative. That isn't quite the same as how we model out the pricing, of course, in our variable annuity products where we assume over time obviously over the life of those products, we assume something more like an 8% or 9% return on the S&P 500, which of course is consistent with historical performance. And I think you know -- I'm sure you know this, that the roll-up rate in the rider isn't necessarily sort of the investment performance guarantee that we're -- or is only one factor in the guarantee that we're making. Obviously, as a GMIB company, equally or more important is the assumptions we make regarding interest rates and the annuitization rate when people can exercise that rider, and that obviously is a big factor into -- and annuitization rate is pretty low by the way. So that's a big factor in the underlying guarantee. So the performance of the equity markets is only a piece of it.
William Wheeler: Well, we probably reached how much we can discuss this in a public forum, but obviously, the withdrawal features in those products are modestly -- though they exist, they are modestly utilized, and that's obviously -- and a certain level of utilization is factored into pricing of the overall product as well.
William Wheeler: Yes, if you normalize to the top end of variable investment income, obviously, part of the reason Corporate Benefit Funding did so well was the high performance of variable investment income. But if you sort of normalize that outperformance, yes, I think those spreads are sustainable. What we've also seen is our core spread has improved in variable investment income because we've -- I would say we're more fully invested and we're probably managing -- we've lengthened a little bit to, I would say, better match the liability duration. So that's what's driving the margin improvement there, and that is sustainable.
William Wheeler: Okay. See if I get them all. With regard to the earnings definition of GMIB, our changing operating earnings, so we obviously hedge the GMIB rider, and so the change in value of the derivatives was in the operating earnings, and that was -- so as stock market goes up, those derivatives, those hedges actually are negative as you might guess, because they're hedges, and then that's offset somewhat by the reserve adjustments we would have to make regarding the GMIB rider. But this is one of those moments where we make a good economic hedge, but the accounting hedge is not perfect. And so we were always explaining every time there was a big move in the stock market, either negative or positive, you'd see a meaningful change in the value of the derivatives. And because of where we are and I would say the DAC amortization quarter, we're now below the midpoint, so what that means is our DAC amortization is very stable, which is good. That's what you want. But it means it doesn't react meaningfully to changes in the market in any given quarter. So you have a kind of a noisy mismatch between DAC amortization and the riders. And so this quarter, for example, if we had not made this change, we would have seen obviously a very positive event, a nice rally in the stock market in the quarter, but it would have actually cost us money in operating earnings because of how the hedge works. Now obviously, that's not, I think, directionally appropriate. And also, by the way, it's not -- it makes us not comparable with all our peers who are in the same business, who have all now moved all this hedging activity below the line. So that's why we made this change. It makes us more comparable, and I think it also just helps make our operating earnings results for any given period make more sense. So that's regarding the earnings definition with regard to the bank earnings projection.
William Wheeler: So just to add onto that a little bit, Tom. When we gave our Investor Day guidance last December, we talked about the bank earning something slightly over $200 million. Of course, what happened immediately after Investor Day is interest rates shot up. That changed the overall projection regarding mortgage originations in 2011, and so we revised the bank's plan pretty meaningfully, even before the year ended, and I think we talked a little bit about that though we didn't quantify the new target. So we feel the bank is performing pretty much in accordance with our new plan projections. And finally, your question regarding yen hedging, hedging of earnings on the yen. We have not made any additional -- or nothing of substance in additional yen hedging of earnings with regard to Alico Japan. I would say, in general, we don't intend to hedge exchange rates to protect ourselves with earnings volatility. I'm not sure, in general, that's money well spent. We -- because we're not -- unlike some others for instance, the yen, which is our largest foreign currency exposure is only 20%, and it's rare that all the currencies move in the same direction in any given quarter. So there will always be -- some will be up, and some will be down. And I think spending a lot of money trying to minimize volatility there is probably not prudent. That said, I think there are some -- occasionally opportunities where the market environment is such that we -- that it makes sense to put on a hedge, and of course, that's what we did this year when we had such a big tightening in the yen versus the dollar over the last 9 months or so. And I'm not sure we will add to this yen hedge. We might, but I don't think there's any guarantee that we will.
William Wheeler: Well, you're right. We are one of the top 19, and so I think by definition, that makes us a SIFI under the law. But I don't necessarily believe all SIFIs are going to be treated the same. And I think there's obviously a good basis for that in terms of how SIFIs are dealt with. I don't think we're all -- I don't think there's anything that's in the law that says all the rules have to be the same. And of course, we don't know who else may be labeled as SIFIs or not with regard to our peers in the industry whether just because they’re large or because they own thrifts. And I think that there is uncertainty about that, and that will have to sort itself out over time.
William Wheeler: I think we heard the same rumors that everybody else does. And so I think the rumor of the moment is that the insurance industry will -- may not be labeled as SIFIs. But I think we're months away yet from any kind of ruling from the FSOC. So I think there's -- so I think it's really -- it's too early to really to call this.
William Wheeler: Sure. So our statutory earnings from our domestic insurance companies for the full year would be roughly $2.5 billion. And though the statutory accounting is interesting at times, and so that number can jump around a little bit. Last year, for instance, it was more like $3 billion. The first quarter is generally a weak quarter with regard to statutory earnings, and there's some reasons for this. But the biggest reason has to do with how we deal with hedging or reinsuring A/XXX and XXX risk. We don't do that. To save money, we don't necessarily true up our hedging of those what I would call real straining reserves. We don't true up our hedging of that every quarter. We do it periodically over the course of a year. And so because -- that's one big reason why statutory earnings are generally lower in the first quarter, and there are some others. But so the way to think about this $600 million of operating income is it's almost exactly the same number that we had last year, okay? So operating earnings in our domestic life insurance subs on a statutory basis is basically flat year-over-year. So in my mind, it's a good result and kind of consistent with our history. With regard to cash flow outside our domestic subs, we've talked about 2 things. We've talked about that we do expect dividend payments from both our newly acquired Alico businesses as well as some of our key MetLife International businesses, mainly Mexico. And we think that sort of ongoing dividends, normal dividends from those operations should well exceed $500 million a year, somewhere between $500 million and $1 billion a year. Given how fast we're growing in some of these countries -- and by the way our growth rate, obviously as we've shown this quarter, is quite fast. There is also an opportunity that which we discussed on Investor Day to take some special dividends out of some of the Alico subsidiaries or branches because of the high level of capitalization of those subs and branches when we acquired the company. They were carrying quite a bit of capital over and above which is needed to support the operations. So we estimated that at roughly $1 billion, some of which is in Japan and not readily accessible, but we expect to pull out most of that excess dividend, a lot of it this year and maybe the rest of it over the next year or 2.
William Wheeler: No, not necessarily. The cost is -- because the fees that we record from the GMIB riders, which obviously pay for the hedges, we pulled those out of operating earnings as well. So that's all now below the line.
William Wheeler: Yes, a 1% move now is about $0.02 a share over the course of a year. And that means we're not really that sensitive to equity movements obviously because of where we are in the back quarter with regard to amortization. We're in such a stable place that it's just not going to fluctuate that much.
William Mullaney: Sure, Colin. It's Bill Mullaney. Let me put VA sales in perspective for the quarter and why we decided to make the announcement of a new product in March. As you said, VA sales were strong in the quarter, $5.7 billion, which was a 40% increase year-over-year. We think that there's going to be pretty strong industry growth this quarter. It's early because we don't have the full numbers. But we expect the industry growth for VAs for the quarter to be, I would say, somewhere between 20% and 30%, so we will pick up some market share. I will tell you that the sales that we made in the quarter because of the level of interest rates and the product changes that we introduced in February, those returns that we expect to get on the sales for the quarter are quite strong. We want to be an active player in this market, we've talked about the fact that we want to continue to be a top 3 player, and we think the VA market is going to grow. So last year we really took some time and began thinking about how we could play in this marketplace and have a product that continued to deliver good returns for us but had a lower risk profile and provided good value for consumers. And so as you know, in March, we announced our GMIB Max product. We began selling that product this week, and we really view this product as a significant leap forward in terms of how VAs are going to be constructed in the future. It builds off the GMIB platform that we have and many of the mechanics that are in the new product are the same. But it's different in that, there's a limited number of fund choices. There's 4 protected growth funds plus a government bond fund, and the way that these funds are built is that they’re designd to manage equity, market volatility and interest rate exposure inside the funds. And the goal is really to mitigate some of the extreme outcomes that you can see when there's market volatility and manage some of the risks to deliver more consistent returns. And we think this provides a lot of benefits for consumers who want more stable account values and long-term performance, but they also provide some benefit for us because equity market risk and interest rate risk are mitigated because the hedging is done inside the funds as opposed to outside. Now you did mention the 6% rollup and we felt the 6% rollup is important in order to get advisors and clients interested in this particular product because we expect it to be a significant part of our sales in the future. It in no way indicates that we're getting into any kind of an arms race, as it relates to VAs. This new product at a 6% rollup provides strong returns with a lower risk profile and provides great value for consumers. So we feel pretty good about this product, and it's something that we're going to watch very closely over the coming months. As I mentioned, we just began selling this product earlier this week.
William Mullaney: That's right. There's a greater level of hedging done inside the funds, number one. And then secondly, there's a limited number of funds and so -- that people can invest in. So when there's equity market volatility, unlike some of these asset transfer features that are in other kinds of products, the professional management of these funds along with the hedging is designed to really limit extreme market volatility having a significant impact on returns.
William Mullaney: The return that we expect to get on the new GMIB Max is a slightly better return than we expect to get on the current product.
William Mullaney: Sure, John. We've always talked about acceptable returns for us being north of 15%. And so the product that we're putting in the market today meets that definition.
William Mullaney: Sure. Well, I think you saw that our revenues were down in both the Group Life and Non-Medical Health, Group Life in particular, Non-Medical Health was roughly flat year-over-year. That's pretty consistent with what we talked about on Investor Day for Group Life. We said that Group Life would be down. It's down a little more in the first quarter, but we expect that to even out more towards the back half of the year, so we’ll come in within the guidance we talked about on Investor Day. Sales, in general, were weak, particularly in the large end of the market. There was less quoting activity for very large cases, and for the cases that we did quote on, what it would take for us to win that business particularly in life insurance would have been to write those cases at a level that was far below what we were comfortable with. And we also lost a couple of large cases, which I mentioned at Investor Day. But we are seeing, I think, some improvement in the pricing environment in certain segments of our business. Disability, in particular, I think you saw that we had strong disability results this quarter, which was a function of improving incidents, a return to more average historical levels for recoveries. But also the fact that we've been taking pricing actions over the last 2 cycles that allow us to get a good return at these elevated incidence levels. And we think that, that's going to force the market to begin to bring their prices up to more in line with what the current performance of the businesses are. And the last thing I'll just mention is -- you may have seen that we were awarded the TRICARE Dental business, which is a pretty significant dental contract for us. And that will be having an impact in our business in 2012.
William Mullaney: Yes. We didn't really have a large case sale in 2011, which is rare for us. We usually have 1 or 2 big case sales. And we just didn't have any of those this year, and that was really the difference.
William Mullaney: Yes, smaller end of the market is performing within our expectation, so we feel pretty good about that.
