Steven A. Kandarian: Hi, Seth. We've assumed lower rates, as I mentioned, than our original plan that we put out in 2012. For 2015, we're assuming 2.46% for the 10-year Treasury and for 2016, 3.11%.
Steven A. Kandarian: The main thing is remaining a disciplined buyer. The regulatory uncertainty has some impact upon that as well, in the sense that, as a designated non-bank SIFI, we're mindful of considerations, in terms of that designation, related to our business model. So there's some things we'd probably be less likely to pursue in that environment than if that environment didn't exist. But the main reason why we did not, to-date, acquire businesses with earnings of the $400 million we were assuming in our original plan of 2012, really relates to being a disciplined buyer, looking at the marketplace. We've reviewed a number of transactions that were of interest to us, but the pricing that was attractive to us to move forward on did not ultimately end up being the pricing that the transactions went for. They went for higher numbers. So that's the main driver there. And let me just mention, on the interest rate numbers I gave you, those were year-end assumptions for the 10-year Treasury.
Steven A. Kandarian: Jimmy, we have not made a decision yet as to whether or not we would do more share repurchases this calendar year. What I said before is that the most recent program was completed more rapidly than we anticipated, because we were buying more shares at – when the price of our stock was lower, below certain levels. So that program concluded more rapidly than we had anticipated, and we're going to take a pause for a while and reassess things further on in the year.
Steven A. Kandarian: Tom, I think you answered it. We are now only eight months away from the start of 2016. And we have more visibility, obviously, not only to this year, but our 2016 plan and, given where rates are, given our view of where rates are likely to be, given the M&A issue I'd mentioned before, given what's realistic in terms of share repurchases in the current environment related to our SIFI designation. As you rerun those numbers, staying in that 12% to 14% range, it doesn't look likely. And certainly, analysts on the Street have already baked that into their projections for 2016 ROE. I think the average that we've seen out there is 11.1% for 2016 ROE for MetLife. So I think it's pretty well understood how the math works, given all these factors, most of which are not within our control here at MetLife.
Steven A. Kandarian: We were assuming $400 million of additional earnings by 2016 from acquisitions when we put the plan together in 2012.
Steven A. Kandarian: I won't give you specific examples, but you can imagine things that would be considered in the process of designating a company as a SIFI, those kinds of factors went into our thinking in terms of what we would consider acquiring, and there were certain businesses and blocks of businesses that were for sale, particularly in the United States, that we were impacted by that factor.
Steven A. Kandarian: The policy you're referring to is a internal policy for senior management, executive management of age 65. Again, it's not in our bylaws, so it's something the board could waive if it chose to do so but no decisions have been made.
Steven A. Kandarian: That has factored into our thinking to date. In other words, we had said we weren't going to do repurchases several years ago when SIFI designation was still being determined for us. And then because the rules were delayed in terms of being promulgated by the Fed, we took actions in two separate cases of each $1 billion of share repurchases. And we did that because the timeframe had shifted on us in terms of our expectations of knowing the rules. So I've said this before, it's art more than science when you don't know what the numbers are going to be, and there's no indications that you can rely upon in terms of what the capital standards ultimately are that you live under. So we have taken I think a measured approach in terms of both share repurchases and the issuance of a higher dividend on our common stock in light of what you just said, which is the delay in the timing that we were all expecting for knowing the rules.
Steven A. Kandarian: The amendment to Dodd-Frank that you're referring to that occurred in December of last year is encouraging. It gives the Fed the flexibility to write rules appropriate for the insurance industry, as opposed to their interpretation of the Collins Amendment, which they thought required them to use no less than bank standards, in this case Basel III standards, even on non-bank SIFIs. So that is encouraging. But all that does is give them the flexibility to write rules they think are appropriate for the insurance industry. We don't know yet what that methodology will be. We don't yet know how those rules may differ from state rules that we live under today. We don't know yet how the rules they come up with may impact us differently than the state rules, because they may look at certain aspects of our balance sheet differently than the state rules than the ASC (51:53) rules look at those assets and liabilities today. So there's no way for us to really have a good estimate of the amount of capital we need to hold under a regime the Fed has yet to put out, even in draft form.
Christopher G. Townsend - President: So, yes, Chris Townsend here. The A&H results for Japan were up 32%, and that helped lift all of Asia, from an A&H perspective, up 25% for the quarter. So we did bring in new products called Flexi Plus and Flexi Gold (34:08) a little over six months ago, and the performance has been very strong since we launched those products. So we expect to see continued good growth through the second and third quarter, but the fourth quarter will be more challenging from a comparison perspective, because we had a very strong fourth quarter 2014, given that we launched these products right at the start of that fourth quarter.
Christopher G. Townsend - President: Sure. The products we launched were launched after fairly detailed customer insights, so they're pretty focused customer-centric products. They're effectively hospital cash products with a range of surgical benefits and the way they work is that we have some very low-cost options for certain types of customers and we have some products, which are more appropriate for the more discerning customer, which have some more specialized covers of. So I think the products are fairly broad in terms of their offering, which helps to drive growth overall. So probably the market for the A&H business is growing at about 3% to 5% overall. So as have been indicated, we've got well-positioned products which we're distributing through that multichannel approach which we've spoken to you about previously.
Christopher G. Townsend - President: Yes, I think the market's grown probably about 3% to 5%. We're clearly outpacing that growth at the moment, but they're a new range of product. So we're comfortable with where we're at and we'll continue to drive pretty good growth out of these products for the rest of the year.
John C. R. Hele: So this is John. And we view, ultimately, other than an appropriate buffer at the holding company when we find out what the capital rules are, that we will be living under, that that would be truly free cash flow. It is for common dividends, for buybacks or for acquisitions. So that's why we're quantifying that for you now on a regular basis, and once we finally know the capital rules, we can come up with an appropriate capital management plan.
John C. R. Hele: We haven't given exact details, but we are assuming a flattening of the curve. If you look at – we based most of this on consensus outlooks, and you see the short end coming up throughout the next 18 months or so, up to the end of 2016.
John C. R. Hele: Sure. This is John. For those of you who enjoy reading blue books, you'll see on page 19 of MetLife Insurance Company, there's a table that lists versus NAIC with the prescribed practices required by New York create the difference in reserves. And there's about a $1 billion difference between those two printed numbers. However, if you look at, as we've analyzed the impact of New York and other requirements that they request we follow, the total number is actually $3 billion difference in statutory reserves. This would include about $700 million in reserves because of the fact we did not use life captives. So that's within that $3 billion. The other point I would tell you on this is that the $3 billion difference in statutory reserves has very little tax impact, not very tax effective reserves.
John C. R. Hele: Hi. This is John. We haven't given out that specific amount. I would say that they've held up quite well historically and into this year. We expect next year to see somewhat of a slight drop-off, but we have hedge protection on this going off well into the next decade, so into the early 2020s timeframe.
John C. R. Hele: Okay. So this is John. The 10-K update we give at the end of the year, and that's an outlook, what happens if rates stay kind of at a low level versus what we assume in our plan. Our plan had already been adjusted down, as Steve had indicated, to reflect a lower consensus already. And the other thing that's going on there, which you'll see in the segment sensitivities is compared to our plan, which assumes a more flattening of the yield curve, which reduces sec lending earnings, the scenario that's given assumes a steeper yield curve so the long end stays down but so does the short end, and so that causes a net benefit compared to the plan. So you'll notice that in the sensitivities we give, and CBF is actually a positive in the rest of the plan. So there's really a combination of things. It's a lower long end rate in that sensitivity, but the lower short end rate is a net positive when it comes to the sec lending book of business.
John C. R. Hele: That is not including any assumptions for variable annuity captives. It's only life insurance captives for AXXX and XXX.
John C. R. Hele: We are limited in New York as to how much we can do in life captives. So if we were a non-New York-domiciled company, we estimate that the statutory reserves could be $700 million lower by the use of captives for Universal Life and Term Insurance that takes into account XXX and AXXX reserves.
William J. Wheeler - President: Sure. Erik, this is Bill Wheeler. So remember, our U.S. Direct business is now being reported inside the Latin American segment. And the total loss for the quarter was up about $6 million year-over-year, $5 million I guess. Just keep in mind that that's different. We've now – all the direct activities that MetLife was pursuing in the U.S. are now pulled together under one management organization and being reported in Latin America. So that was a small reason for the decline in Latin American performance. But we expect losses in that segment as we're sort of investing in growth for the remainder of 2015. Sales growth is very good there, and we don't have the ability to capitalize the acquisition cost quite like we do in our more traditional businesses.
William J. Wheeler - President: My guess is, if anything, they'll decline a little bit in terms of – the acquisition costs will be steady, I think, throughout the year. But the bottom line losses will probably drop a little bit.
William J. Wheeler - President: Sean, it's Bill Wheeler. Yes, LTC did perform better than expected. That was one reason that medical health overall loss ratio, 77%, was quite good. I think another, probably equally important reason is dental utilization. If you recall last year, the first quarter because of bad weather, we saw low utilization in the dental area, and then a catch-up for the remainder of the year. And I think it's going to happen the same way this year, where we saw low utilization because of poor weather, especially here in the Northeast. And there'll probably be a catch-up for the remainder of the year. So that's – look, I think the ratio would've been – the non-medical health ratio would've been good in any case. But these are the two factors that made it especially good.
William J. Wheeler - President: Well, I would never exclude anything. I wouldn't put anything off the table. But I don't think that's likely or in the cards. Our block is significant. That transaction was quite small. And there's a lot of – in terms of if you think about price increases that we've been asking for through the state regulatory process, we're having a lot of success there. That's helping the block become I think more attractive over time, and so there's a lot of state of play there. And I wouldn't expect us to leave that on the table and transact anytime soon.
William J. Wheeler - President: John, it's Bill Wheeler. So, I wouldn't think that that's a run rate, $450 million of earnings. And there's a couple reasons for that. Annuities had a number of smaller positive factors this quarter. One was separate account performance. Even though the S&P 500 growth was pretty modest this quarter, separate account performance was much stronger. The broader stock indexes did much better. The bond market did much better. Remember, a big percentage of our assets now in the separate accounts are actually fixed income.
William J. Wheeler - President: So separate account performance was 2.4%, and that obviously helped. The second thing is investment spread, you noticed that actually picked up a little bit this quarter, and there were some, I would say, some more unusual investment income which we don't think is repeatable. But there's also – part of the reason the investment margins went up is, when we collapsed our variable annuity captive, or Bermuda captive last year, there was a pool of cash which is now being redeployed into longer-term investments. So yields are up, so that's part of the reason, but the other part is some investment earnings which are not sustainable. So I think the right run rate's a little lower than $450 million, but overall, the annuity business is performing pretty well.
William J. Wheeler - President: Yeah, so a little background here. Obviously, certain Latin America economies historically have been prone to high levels of inflation, and it's a risk that we need to take into account when we develop an investment strategy in those countries. Because in a couple of countries, we do sell longer-term immediate annuities, especially Chile. And so, in Chile, there is a portfolio of assets where the yields on the bonds is linked to the official inflation rate. And the inflation right now in Chile is quite low, and so that means that the yield on those bonds is near zero, and the overall impact – it was actually probably the biggest driver of under-earning performance in Latin America, was this low-inflation phenomenon. I'm trying to get the exact number here. Well, it's roughly $8 million after-tax, is what it cost us, in terms of the inflation rate in Latin America. So, this isn't just a Chile issue, but it's mainly in Chile.
William J. Wheeler - President: Yes, so applications are good. The product is getting good market acceptance. We had forecast, in 2015, a pretty meaningful increase in our annuity business sales, and a piece of that growth was driven by FlexChoice. It wasn't the whole reason for growth, but it was a big piece of it. And so we're seeing apps trending, and we're seeing a lot of good sales coming out of that, and a lot of, I would say, recapturing of sales where our own sales force was selling third-party business and now, instead, they're using FlexChoice as their key living benefit rider product.
