Michel Khalaf: Suneet, in general, think about what Michelle said, I mean, over the last – since 2016, basically, we’ve had equal amounts of cash distribution as well as marks. Last year was a little bit more heavily weighted toward marks just given, I think, market returns, but that’s still been the trend. I mean we get a significant amount of cash distributions that I think we wanted to really sort of emphasize that this just isn’t marks.
Michel Khalaf: Yes. So we – remember, we give our guidance ranges on a 2-year average. And just because of this lumpiness as we were basically talking about, right. And so I think you are referencing kind of on a 1-year basis. And so certainly, that’s why we use an average. When we think about that 65% incentive, so it’s a little lower this quarter, I mean this year, on an annual basis, we would expect it to be higher next year. And then on average, get us back into the range, maybe at the low end as we do our math. But I think you have articulated the direction correctly.
Michel Khalaf: Thank you, operator. At our Investor Day in December 2019, we said and I quote, MetLife is a simpler and more focused company with a great set of businesses that generate strong free cash flow. That is more true than ever. And as we enter 2022, we do so with a high degree of confidence that we will continue to create value for our stakeholders. Thank you for joining us this morning, and have a great day.
John McCallion: Sure, and good morning, Suneet, welcome back. So now overall, I would just say and as we said in prior meetings, I think the in general, the team continues to execute here and it’s really been embedded in our culture from an efficiency mindset perspective. And fourth quarter was elevated. It’s in line with what we expected. We have those seasonal enrollment costs. We had some timing on some investments in technology. And then we did see a creep up in employee costs occur in the quarter. That was that was offset from a ratio perspective by the fact that we did have some elevated participating claims, which impacts PFOs in the group business. And full year, that’s a little over $1 billion, as we mentioned earlier. So you need to – if you think about the full year ratio, you almost need to adjust for that, so maybe 30 basis points normalization. So nonetheless, I mean, still a very healthy margin relative to our 12.3%. And I think as we look forward, we continue to target 12.3%. I mean we do see an inflationary environment ahead of us. We think our – we believe and we expect to still manage within our 12.3%. We think it’s the right target for us. And I think it allows us to utilize our expense leverage to fund investment in growth and technology. If circumstances dictate, we can let some of that leverage fall to the bottom line. And manage the firm that way. But ultimately, this kind of mentality helps us to build our efficiency muscles in the firm. It keeps us away from those disruptive often fleeting big bang expense program. So all in all, we’re still committed to the 12.3% at this point.
John McCallion: Good morning Jimmy, it’s John. So, I think the – and you can see it in our sensitivities at the bottom of the first page and the outlook. We are generally still a net positive to rising rates and the curve is flattening in the base case, right. And that’s based on the forward curve as of 12/31. But it’s – as we talked about, our sensitivity is much less these days. So, it’s a modest benefit. And then you have to kind of look deeper into why rates are rising. I think there is a number of things around like inflationary pressures, is that it and what the other drivers are. So, just on an interest rate perspective, as we – as I said in my opening remarks, the higher rates are positive, and they are partially offset by the fact that the curve is flattening. And partly – you can see that a little bit in, say, the RIS spreads as they emerge in 2022. That’s one of the drivers for why they would come down. The ex-VII spreads would come down off of ‘21, not the only one, but one of them. And then I think just holistically on – as you think about what could drive if it’s inflationary pressures, and that could be another thing for consideration. I think again, we are probably a net neutral to positive on inflationary pressures. If you think about our businesses and certainly the group business and is probably a net positive, what also could it be a GDP growth along with that. So, a number of different factors that go into it. But all-in-all, I would say just the short answer to the question would be kind of a modest positive for rising rates.
John McCallion: Good morning Elyse, it’s John. I think in terms of the kind of the back end of your question and risk transfers, I would say nothing has really changed. I think from the comments we gave in the third quarter, we are continuing to kind of stick with our primary objectives of optimizing the business, meeting customer obligations and continuing to look for further efficiencies as the block runs off. And at the same time, we are taking a third-party perspective of this block. I would say – and I think I mentioned this in the third quarter. I think the environment has continued to be robust. Interest rates rising would be another positive factor, I think in doing a transaction like that, that would be value creative and maybe helps close the bid-ask spread. So, that’s probably a consideration. I think as you pointed out in the kind of the first part of your question around MetLife Holdings. It’s been a resilient runoff. It’s probably a way to comment on that maybe better than we thought. And obviously, I think that’s hats off to the team and the efforts that they have made on different actions on optimizing the business and really doing well on expenses. And in addition, we did – I did comment on lower policyholder dividend levels that does have an impact. It’s impacting the ratio and that’s helping kind of keep earnings up as well as just the higher equity market. So, there is just a variety of factors that have allowed for a stable outlook in terms of earnings range. But – so we feel very good about it, but it’s just a number of items that’s kind of getting us there. I think that’s how I would summarize it.
John McCallion: Good morning Erik, it’s John. Thanks for the question. Yes, I think that’s a good way to put it. Certainly, this year, as I mentioned earlier, it’s simply math, outsized earnings. Free cash flow was at or above actually expectations for us. And then – but the ratio is a bit down. But the expectation – and you can think of it, it’s $1 billion roughly, give or take, right. If you think about the middle of the range and we would expect that to come in over the next year or 2 years. So all-in-all, we would expect a higher level in ‘22 and ‘23.
John McCallion: Hi Ryan, it’s John. Good morning. So yes, I would say, so full year ‘21 spreads were 229. And with excess VII spread around 93 bps, so 136 bps contribution from VII. And so as we talked about focusing on the ex-VII spread, it’s been elevated pay-down activity on our residential mortgage loans and securities portfolio. We also saw a pretty sizable drop during the course of the year in LIBOR, right. And so when you look forward, we are assuming holistically, obviously, private equity returns get more in line with our historical average. The pay-down activity continues to moderate, LIBOR rises. And so therefore, all-in, we would expect that RIS spread, as we talked about to be $95 million to $120 million. And then just on – going back to the ex-VII, we should expect like sequentially because of the last two factors I mentioned, it lead to like a 5 basis point to 7 basis point drop sequentially from where we are today, and maybe for full year, so call it a 7 basis points to 9 basis point drop versus ‘21.
John McCallion: Hi, good morning Humphrey, it’s John. So, I think you have articulated it well that we are getting a benefit of the strong appreciation in our capital levels. I mean we talked about – we expect to be above 360%. I mean I would say, yes, that will definitely be the case. And I think you can see that in some of the statistics I gave in the earlier part around just growth in TAC. In terms of how you monetize that from a dividend perspective, I would say the sale doesn’t really change that, right? Just kind of monetizes the unrealized to realized, if you think about that $1 billion. And then the way this gets monetized through status is through growth in earnings, which comes through in cash just if we are going to get into a little bit of accounting. It’s the cash distributions that come through as well as we have kind of a greater of test with regards to a percent of surplus versus earnings. So, just if surplus is greater than – and that apply that percentage that will be another way you can kind of realize that through dividends.
Ramy Tadros: Hi, Tom, it’s Ramy here. So first of all, with respect to the range, the guidance still remains between 70 to 75. So we’re not changing that range. And as you correctly pointed out, the uptick in this quarter for the ratio was largely driven by the seasonality of the dental claims. I would point out that this is kind of entirely expected as we typically see an increase in the utilization in the fourth quarter was participants and providers look to the annual maximums in mind and essentially look to utilize the benefit. So we typically see that uptick in the fourth quarter with Dental. With respect to disability, I’ll maybe break it down for you into two pieces. First is the long-term disability piece. We did see slightly higher incident rates this quarter compared to historical pre-pandemic norms. This is a slight tick up and well within the range of the normal variations we’ve seen around these claims. At the same time, for long-term disability, we continue to see pretty strong offsets with respect to recoveries, which are also trending higher than the historical norms. So that’s kind of the long-term piece on this ability. The short-term disability piece, we have seen a rise in COVID claims in the quarter. And we’ve also seen a rise in some non-covered incidents, which rise in pregnancies as an example. But however, the financial impact on our bottom line from the STD block is really small, and that’s driven by the relative size of the STD block. It’s about third of our overall disability block as well as the mix of our STD business, where half of the block by live is ASO business where we’re not on the hook for the claims. So all in all, when you just step back from a disability perspective, while we’ve seen that small increase in the LTD levels, we are not seeing any evidence of a trend here at this point, but we clearly continue to watch this very carefully.
Ramy Tadros: Tom. I’ll start off with sales and then give you some color on the pricing side. So first of all, I would say we’re extremely pleased with the sales in ‘21. They’re record sales for us, and that’s something we’re very happy about. If you look at the composition of those sales, we’ve had positive momentum across all of our products and markets. But what really stood out in ‘21 is the main driver of the increase in sales was the jumbo end of the market. And remember, this is the higher end of our national accounts business. So different companies define that differently, but our national accounts business comprise employers with 5,000-plus employees, and this is at the higher end of that segment. Those sales came from across the entire portfolio of products across core and voluntary. The other kind of color I’d give you here is that almost 90% of those jumbo sales came from our existing customers. So these are customers who have been with us for years and in some instances, decades. And the other thing I’d point out on sales here, and we’ve discussed this in the past, this jumbo end of the market is a part of the market where price is not the sole determining factor for winning the business. There are a lot of non-price elements here, such as service, administration, capabilities, etcetera, that are an important part of the decision-making. And then maybe the last piece on sales is those jumbo sales can be lumpy. And as we look forward into ‘22, we are seeing less movement in the jumbo market. And so we are expecting that activity to come down in ‘22 from a jumbo perspective. So, that’s kind of a bit of a color on sales. With respect to pricing, I would make a few points. One is that we have had an approach that’s been disciplined and consistent in the market. We have had a very long track record of being disciplined. And a big part of that is working closely with our customers and intermediaries to ensure that they understand our actions and they are transparent and understood in the marketplace. And that’s been true over the last year. So, we have been implementing a range of price increases across life and disability blocks commensurate with our profitability target and commensurate with our views on near and medium-term mortality as well as their views on employment and rates. And the data point I would give you here with respect to pricing, if you look at the 1/1 renewal season, we have been able to achieve our desired margin for those renewals, and we have maintained strong persistency in our book. And so our view is that the market is generally absorbing those price increases, and you do see that in the PFO number that we have posted. And at the end of the day, another kind of point for you on the discipline is our guidance ranges for both mortality and non-medical health ratios, which kind of remain unchanged into ‘22.
Ramy Tadros: Jimmy, it’s Ramy. I think the big driver in the beginning of the pandemic was the actual closure of the dental offices. So, you have got – that was – just the offices were not open. Now clearly, there was also some sort of hesitancy on the part of people to go out as well. I would say at this point, the dental offices are open, and it’s pretty much a return to normal kind of outcome in terms of the utilization patterns that we are seeing in dental.
Ramy Tadros: Hi Elyse, it’s Ramy here. So, as you heard in our prepared remarks, the COVID-specific impact was 18 points and just to be really clear about the definition of that, these are deaths where COVID is marked as the actual cause of death. What we do every quarter as part of our analysis is we look at additional excess mortality, which appears to be COVID-driven. And so what I mean by that are increases in death reasons that kind of are related to perhaps heart or lung disease. And for this quarter, that appears to be about another point as well. Now that has come down from prior quarters, where it was hovering in the kind of 2%, 2.5% range. So, there is, call it, another point of what appears to be COVID in the results for this quarter.
