Steven Kandarian: Hi Tom, nothing changes in terms of our expectations other than the timing. In the timing I use the word months, I didn't use the word quarters. It is the complex transaction. We're working closely with our regulator. There's a lot of information to impart. We are working very diligently and providing information as fast as humanly possible. But it is a large volume of information and analysis that is going on. So that's what's resulted in the expected delay from what our initial thought was, which was made many months ago, over many quarters ago in terms of expectations around timing once you get into these transactions and you see the complexity associated with them. You see what occurs in terms of the amount of work that has to get done to make sure that everything is detailed appropriately and headlines appropriately.
Steven Kandarian: There's not a material change to the benefit that we get from those hedges, of course rates are higher now so we get less benefit, but those are still essentially there.
Steven Kandarian: So there's a few things going on Jimmy. First is although the 1-year Treasury dropped a little or almost flat quarter-to-quarter swap rates were up a little bit. So some noise from that that's asymmetrical on non-economic, but you get the GAAP noise from that, and you also had some strong equity market in the quarter and you've got some GAAP noise in that as well. We also as we pointed out had some hedge ineffectiveness in the quarter and that impacted the total GAAP net income.
Steven Kandarian: We actually did a variety of things. We were able to get some more statutory hedge accounting for some types of derivatives by changing their technique and structure. We did move from two different instruments like that. And we have accomplished our primary goal of making stat couple of RemainCo less sensitive to changes in interest rates. And as you can see from the numbers and the breakouts RemainCo has less sensitivity across the board in terms of equities it is relatively insensitive. I mean there's always movements and every time you look at these results every quarter there's a lot going on in a quarter when you have derivatives as well as variable annuities. There is the time decay of the derivatives is aging the portfolio your basis risk or otherwise is going to VA hedge ineffectiveness and all these get grouped together. So there are sensitivities going up and down we minimize that, but there always be some move movement here due to all these factors.
Steven Kandarian: No we don't anticipate any change in the program that we put in place between our existing cash reserves and earnings. We believe we're on track for the program being completed by 2017.
Steven Kandarian: Well RBC as measured once a year and so were half of long term projections that we always knew that there's a lot of pluses and minuses as you do this restructuring unwinding reinsurance transaction to see the pieces moving back and forth and the Brighthouse 10 of RBC we haven't done the debt infusion yet from that. So there's a lot of moving pieces here, and you have to look and if take that into account we're strongly capitalized across the board for all our businesses.
Steven Kandarian: Whether it's a block of VAs in MetLife Holdings. And so for equity markets we had better fees on an ongoing basis, and that will continue to be one of the factors.
Steven Kandarian: Well, we do not believe that this will be a factor going forward. We have steps that we can take if we need to adjust for this. So that's something that we can plan for if we need to execute it.
John Hele: Yeah, so we expect still to be within that range, but we do expect the lower tax rate for the year now.
John Hele: So on RemainCo the duration is about the same and it's basically some longer term hedges mainly in that. Brighthouse is like a one to three year type restructuring of hedges that they're doing and they've made significant progress to get their hedging done now. So if you think about future sensitivities, we point out look at the Form 10 that was recently published. The sensitivity to VA as well as you ULSG in there and you can see both on a stat and a GAAP basis with expect to senses should be going forward.
John Hele: Is going down $500 million from $24.6 million to $24.1 million, and as I said most of those Brighthouse Financial and they had some of the restructuring costs, less sensitivity to the reserves. The total of CTE (95) which is what they're really hedging to in their strategy, is still as a buffer when we take into account all the transactions that will happen so on a pro forma basis, but as of March 31st you are seeing partway through the restructuring and all the steps that have to happen. So you've seen that sort of the low point and is - as I said in my script it's up significantly from March 31st and there will be a whole series of further that have to happen to get there. So we gave you sort of the pro forma view of it and expect to be in like a 650 RBC pro forma for all that as of - if all that had happened as of March 31.
John Hele: So the first Form 10 all the calculations the values as well as all the core assumptions and projections were all done as of June 30th last year. And the updated Form 10 as of December 31st and things change a lot between June 30th and December 31st. So there's a series of changes and I think Brighthouse will be a dynamic company and how they manage their business. And that's the reason for that still strongly capitalized and will provide good value over time to shareholders.
John Hele: I think what happens with Brighthouse is for the next little while it is about that type of range, because of just how kind of GAAP works and there - their key focus is to build up overtime to reduce the hedging cost to start getting cash out of the company. And that's the key focus is to run it mainly on statutory basis.
John Hele: Hi Humphrey. Well, first of all we certainly will have some capital in reserve for acquisitions, but please remember that we do acquisitions of larger size like the Travelers deal back in 2005 the Alico deal in 2010. We would access the capital markets for any funds necessary above and beyond we hold at the holding company. And it is just important to reiterate our philosophy on acquisitions they have to make sense strategically in terms of what we are planning for the company going forward direction in businesses we want to be in. And second of all they have to be creative for shareholders and create shareholder value have to earn more than their cost of capital. And any point in time when there is an acquisition opportunity we look at the capital markets, which of course is to raise capital in all kinds of returns would expect from acquisition including synergies and we make a determination in terms of what we're willing to pay for that business.
Maria Morris: Hi this is Maria Morris. First of all I just want to say we were very pleased with our group sales results in 2017. It's a competitive market as you know it's always competitive. But having said that, I'd say that life and disability has been rational. We've seen a little bit more of intense competition in dental, especially down market, but overall we feel very comfortable with the market that we are in. You probably saw that we had strong growth and strong persistency. We've been able to get our renewal actions. And overall it's been a rational market.
Maria Morris: Sure in terms of where we've been investing in group insurance, I think we're seeing the benefits of our investment in our growth. So as an example, we've been investing in our voluntary benefit platform, and so we're seeing large groups as well as medium sized groups really gravitate toward carriers both for their core benefit programs and to offer voluntary benefits to their employees toward a carrier like MetLife where we're in a position to do that. We've talked historically about benefiting as an example from the exchanges where we're in some cases the only non-medical carrier on the health exchanges and I think going forward the other place we really put investments in our ability to ensure that employee records are secure. So a lot of work in our security platforms that's been very helpful at market as we've look to bring on new Group life and disability business as well.
Maria Morris: It's actually both. I would say that we've had a very strong sales quarter up and down the market. So double digit growth in the jumbo market, but we've had high single digit growth in the regional market. And as you know smart market is actually not seasonally first quarter focused, but even there we've had strong growth. We've had growth in both our core business and our voluntary business, our voluntary business is up double digits from a sales perspective. So overall very strong sales quarter Group.
