John Hele: Hi, this is John. So, corporate does have volatility in tax from quarter to quarter. We assume it’s [ph] onetime tax settlements that would be reflected in there that’s why it’s a bit lower this quarter, as well as timing. And as I said in my comments, issues of tax rate for the full year between 21% and 22%, I think that will be a model on track.
John Hele: So, these generally all flow through net income. And most adjustments I’ve spoken about are non-cash items.
John Hele: Yes. Let me just flip to my page. So, as we announced in the 8-K, we expect $1.8 billion, which will come in today in cash from Brighthouse to MetLife holding companies. It brings the total to $3 billion, 3.0; of the remaining 1.2, 295 we got in fourth quarter 2016...
John Hele: Okay. So, we first -- the first charge will be in the third quarter, will be reflecting the mark-to-market on our remaining shareholding in Brighthouse Financial. So, to give you a reference point of that that will get marked at the end of the quarter; it flow through net income. If Brighthouse closed at $70 a share, that’d be $120 million post-tax, and delta $5 difference in that number would be about $75 million delta.
John Hele: If -- there will be another $800 million of losses post-tax, these are intercompany transaction and tax related items. The vast majority of those would be non-current cash impact, some are accounting adjustments. And the tax charges were not in the current taxpaying position. So, they would not be for the foreseeable future for at least the next five years impacting our cash position. I also mentioned that we anticipate an operating tax charge, approximately $200 million related to the repatriation of cash, as a result of separation, partially offset by tax benefit associated with dividends from our foreign operations. As part of the separation, we are bringing back -- we anticipate to bring back approximately $3 billion of foreign cash, so that generates the tax charge, but we’ll get $3 billion cash back from the foreign holding companies to the U.S. and that’s -- and we can do that in this quarter, related to the separation. We’re still evaluating and considering this point, but we wanted to give you a heads up on that. This will not change our [indiscernible] 23 election going forward.
John Hele: Absolutely. So, first of all, this reserve charge that’s mentioned in the Brighthouse 8-K, it’s only statutory, there is no impact on GAAP on this and there is no impact to the rest of MetLife and all this, this is only a Brighthouse view. As you have seen by reading to the Form 10, it’s been very extensive modeling on the variable annuity business. This charge does -- this reserve increase does reflect -- it is in the variable annuity business. We have had underway, in addition to all this modeling, a very extensive internal and external model review going on. And this is the end result to close out the final items of that. And we expect this reserve adjustment for the refinements will be a prior period adjustment and will be part of the second quarter statutory filing.
John Hele: No, this will not. Brighthouse will be in the exact same position because the smaller dividend coming up to us offsets that whole need. So, their current Form 10 is fully effective and all the numbers are fully applicable. And I want to reiterate that going forward, this dividend up from Brighthouse, none of this is in our free cash flow guidance that we’ve given between 65% to 75% between 2017 and 2018; this is all in addition to that cash flow that we have. And we expect to still be in a very strong cash position and the fact that this is lower than what we had anticipated when we first started this project over a year ago is -- doesn’t affect our current share buyback plans at all.
John Hele: Well, our guidance for MetLife RemainCo is between $3 billion to $4 billion; we want to run with cash the holding companies. We’re in a very strong cash position post all of these elements and all of these elements and continue to expect to pay a very strong dividend going forward. As Steve has always said, we believe any excess over our target that we need belongs to the shareholders or will be used for valuable, accretive and good acquisitions.
John Hele: We’ll have more details releasing that next week once the distribution is finalized and the pieces exactly are figured out. So, we’ll have some better information early next week coming out to you on that John.
John Hele: It’s actually in both. I don’t have the exact split on my fingertips here. But, I’d assume it’s pretty proportional. All of our portfolios are seeing some spread compression year-after-year as the portfolio runs off. And I think it’s about half, yes, it’s about half, half and half between Brighthouse and the RemainCo in terms of the split. So, going forward, if rates don’t come up more, we will continue to see some pressure here. It’s why we’re taking cost out of the company, so that we can react to it and manage the company well going forward.
John Hele: So, the range, 450 to 650 was excluding the expense initiatives, Seth. And right now, we’d be toward the lower end of that range. And yes, we’re still within our UCI guidance, generally.
John Hele: Let me answer the question that Seth had. It was a $15 million pretax, was a higher cost in the quarter from BHF. And we will have more guidance for you early next week. Once the spin is complete, we will have more information coming out for you on that.
John Hele: As we’ve mentioned when we talk about pension closeouts, we think this is a good growing business, but we actually have annual capital budget. We think on how to allocate to that business, and the spin-off of Brighthouse doesn’t really affect how we think about that. So, we like the business, but we only put a certain percentage of our capital to that each and every year.
John Hele: I think it’s pretty much where we’re. And of course, we look at it every year and we think about the opportunities and the margins available in that business versus other margins and other activities. We think we have a good balance today in how we do that business.
John Hele: As we look at acquisitions, they really are three criteria that we look out. One is it has to meet our financial criteria, and Steve talked about that too. We’re very discipline financially. So, anything we look at, has to make sense from that perspective. Second, it goes to the strategy and I’ve outline the strategy. So, it really is in institutional fixed income and real estate. And so, when we look at those, they tend to be things that go along well with what we’re already doing, because we do want to try and achieve synergies on the revenue side, they’re usually going to be some expense synergies. But we want to be able to grow the business synergistically as well. And then third is it has to fit culturally too. And we want to integrate this business, we don’t believe that it should be run separately or businesses should be left outside of what we’re trying to do in MetLife Investment Management. So, someone that meets those criteria which I think are high bars, that’s what we’re looking for.
John Hele: Yes. It would be mark-to-market through net income each and every quarter as long as we own the shares. But, as Steve said, we are not trying to be long-term holders of these shares.
John Hele: It is already for cash flow, it’s cash at the holding companies, you have a U.S. holding company and a foreign holding company. But, due to separation, we anticipate and we believe that this part could be brought back to the U.S.
John Hele: It’s a total capital across the board, and the tax court does allow for such a repatriation with significant separation activities.
