John McCallion: Ryan, it's John. We're still working through that. And I think our plan would be to discuss more details at a later date. But I think the general point, I would probably leave you with is that we don't expect major differences in the core underlying earnings, but there are sources of differences when actuals emerge, right?  So how actual experience may deviate from expectation, gets treated one way in current GAAP versus under LDTI, and then there's a number of different aspects. But I think all in all, we would expect kind of core earnings. Maybe I'll just give you a little color, too. I think this is probably a good perspective as to why that would be the case.  So it does not affect all of our segments, right? If you think about group minimal impact, vast majority, not subject to it given it's a short duration product. We go through RIS and it's mainly a spread business. We would expect spread calcs to look similar.  As you move into MLH, not all products are impacted, right? We have a number of [indiscernible] FAS 97 products, universal life fixed annuities. Also the participating business is not subject to LDTI. And if we took kind of an early look at that and kind of assume that we would implement this the beginning of this year, we probably would have given you the same range of guidance that we would have otherwise given back in February. And then Asia is probably the other one that's somewhat sizable. Again, there's a lot of FAS 97 products there. Japan, if you think about our flagship products in FX, they're all under FAS 97 versus FAS 60. And then EMEA and LatAm are much more modest. So hopefully, that kind of just gives you color as to why kind of give you that general statement.
John McCallion: Jimmy, it's John. As you point out, we had a pretty resilient level of spreads this quarter, up 14 basis points sequentially. And as you point out, we did not quite expect that back in the Q1 call. But that was -- we were basing our commentary based on forward rate curve, right? And if you think about what has happened since the 10-year treasury ends up about 65 basis points above that. And the other thing that happened is spreads widened. So our reinvestments were strong. And then the third thing is 3-month LIBOR jumped to a much greater level than we had expected and actually the forward curve expected ended the quarter at roughly 2.3%.  If I think about just during the course of the quarter, it was kind of hovering around 150 and then all of a sudden, there was a huge spike kind of at the end of May into June. And bypassing that [indiscernible], I referenced this 2% marker. As LIBOR started to grow, get towards that 2% and then beyond, it could create a little bit of a tailwind. We have a number of caps that start to become in the money. That we have in place today.  And so that was really the main driver moving us from a headwind of LIBOR rising to a, if you call it, I guess, a benefit of having the caps be in the money. So that was the real driver. The other thing I'd point out is real estate equity outperformed. So within our core investment income, real estate equity was stronger than expected. We'd expect that to moderate.  But if we look forward, and I guess, assuming today's current forward rates, which we know can be different, we'd expect ex-VII spreads to remain pretty close to where we are today, I mean, give or take, plus or minus, and even assuming some moderation of the real estate returns.
John McCallion: Sorry, Jimmy just let me just add. I would just tell you that, that's probably for the next couple of quarters, right? I mean we'll give guidance for next year when we get towards the latter part of the year.
John McCallion: Tom, it's John. As you point out, the higher U.S. rates really for us is what's driving that decline. And as you point out, they've continued to rise throughout 2Q. Just a couple of reminders. One, rising rates is a improvement proving economic value situation for that business. But the reality is, right now, we have a solvency regime that has some asymmetrical accounting, so it creates some unintuitive results, if you will.  So so that's kind of one. Two, I'd say, remember in a few years, it's likely this moves to this new economic solvency regime, which would kind of better align the solvency accounting with the economic reality. And so we really -- we don't have concerns over dividends or dividend capacity at this time. The reality is that this is a good economic situation, and we have plenty of tools to be able to manage the overall situation. So at this time, we're fine.
John McCallion: Eric, it's John. So the impact to retained earnings, it affects both market risk benefits and a function of disaggregation. Disaggregation's about, I'd say, 20% to 25% of the number. So it's mainly a function of the fact that our -- under our -- for VAs and primarily the GMIBs, also, by the way, GMDBs get now mark to market, which is a different debate. But GMIBs, they're all kind of accrual accounting, if you will, and now they're moving to mark-to-market. So that's the biggest driver.  As we think about relative to initial impact that we disclosed, it's a little better as you get into kind of year-end '21 in terms of less of a change. I think interest rates moved maybe 60 basis points on the 10-year. And then it will continue to decline, if you will, as you move into 2022, just given the -- a function of the rising rate environment. So that's the -- those are the main drivers.
John McCallion: Yes. And just on -- just touching on Holdings. I mean we certainly saw kind of a reduction in claims in the quarter. We didn't really see a big impact at all for COVID. And then on the -- if you just look at the life interest adjusted benefit ratio, you have to adjust for the reinsurance settlement. But excluding that, it comes in at 43.8. And that's -- we just saw a favorable non-COVID claim experience in the quarter.
John McCallion: Alex, it's John. I think overall, on risk transfer, I'd say nothing new really to update. I mean we've probably given a consistent message every quarter for quite some time now. And I think it's the same, and I think we're being very transparent. Our goal here is continuously optimize. And we're trying to do that both in the form of internal actions but also looking at opportunities to leverage the growing risk transfer market. And as a result, we continue to converse with third parties.  Our philosophy is there's no burning platform. We're happy to maintain our approach and continue to optimize internally, but we want the optionality to see if we can accelerate the appropriate release of capital and reserves. I think the one thing that we continue to just look at here, this is a reinsurance transaction for us if we were to do something.  So as we think about our philosophy, when we look at this is, we view this as a long-term relationship. So it's -- this is one of those things that would take time. It takes time to make sure that we feel grounded with a strong counterparty and structure and kind of the approach.  But I think we're continuing to evaluate that and that's been the case now for some time. In terms of the impact to LDTI, I don't know how to exactly answer that. I think one thing we have to be careful about is under LDTI, one of the things that probably did not come out as perfect was just the -- there is some asymmetrical counting when you do enter into reinsurance. So you have to be mindful of that under GAAP. So it doesn't perfectly line up. So I don't know how to perfectly answer your question that way because it would -- I guess the answer is it depends. So I'm sure that...
John McCallion: Yes. Look, I think our -- this is a reserve. It's -- the reserve was put up at the point in time based on best estimates. I think in both cases, the facts are that actuals have emerged different than expected. And so that's just kind of the simple answer to why there was a release. I wouldn't assume there is a tail because if we had a -- if we assume there was more, we would have taken it.  So right now, our best estimates are what we have up on our balance sheet. But I think just like we do every quarter, we'll continue to evaluate and review the emergence of actuals. And if there are refinements needed, we'll make them.
John McCallion: Yes. Sure, John. It's John again. Look, I think the reality on that one is it's really a function of mix of business. And I think that's -- if you listened to my earlier response to earnings and how some things are in scope and others are not, that's a major driver to kind of that outcome.  Many of our segments are not materially impacted by LDTI and many of the products we sell are not as well. And that includes like Asia, where some of those products are out there that show that unrealized in Asia. You think about in Japan, our flagship products are not subject to this. If you think about some of the, I wouldn't say all products, but some of the FX products that we sell, they're all under FAS 97. So it's a little bit of a different probably situation for us. And so I -- like I said, it really depends on mix of business to answer that question.
Ramy Tadros: Tom, it's Ramy here. I would say it's overall neutral. I mean we have been looking at our business and pricing it in anticipation of changes to the C2 factors, and there's a fair bit of diversification calculation in that number. So I would say very small and neutral in terms of its impact.
Ramy Tadros: Eric. It's Ramy here. I'll start off with group and Michel and John will comment on Holdings. So for the quarter, if you look at our ratio sequentially, I would say the decline can be broken down into 4 pieces. So the first one is just the lower frequency in terms of overall population death. The second piece is the material decrease in the percentage of deaths under 65, which clearly reduced the impact on the working age population. The third piece is the Q1 reserves, which competed favorably, which John spoke about, and that was less than a point or so.  And then the final piece is we did see little by way of non-COVID excess mortality in the quarter. And as Michel pointed out, the second quarter tends to be a bit lighter in general in terms of mortality. As we look at the rest of the year, on the Group business side, we're cautiously optimistic given the results here. But clearly, you know the trajectory of the pandemic is uncertain. At this point, I would say, if you exclude COVID, we anticipate that our mortality ratio to be comfortably inside our range for the second half of the year for the group business.
Ramy Tadros: Sure. Just with respect to your comment on sales, as we've kind of discussed earlier, the year-to-date drop in sales is very much a function of the record year we had last year where we had a record number of jumbos. And as you know, these jumbos can be pretty lumpy. So this is something we expected in terms of the sales coming down. And I would just also point you to the fact that really the better measure to think about the overall growth of this business is the PFO number and we're certainly very pleased with the PFO growth number that we're seeing this quarter.  In terms of the pricing environment, I would say, the market is competitive, but remains rational. In aggregate, we have put in place price increases, both on the life and the disability side to reflect our expectation of the coming environment to reflect also a load with respect to the COVID deaths. And in aggregate, we are getting our target price increases, and we're also continuing to see very strong persistency in the book.
Ramy Tadros: Alex, I would say, the numbers we're continuing to track clearly is just overall eligibility in our book, and we have a highly diversified book of business. And with the low unemployment levels, clearly, those numbers continue to kind of increase and remain very solid.  And we're seeing some kind of form of wage inflation come through as well, and both of these have been kind of tailwinds to the business. So we're kind of seeing in the book, what you're seeing probably in the broader economy. And maybe that's kind of as much color as I can give you in terms of what we're seeing.
Ramy Tadros: Andrew, it's Ramy here. I mean, as you know, the activity in the first half of the year was pretty substantial in the PRT space. Year-to-date, we've written $3.8 billion worth of deals, and that comes after a successful fourth quarter where we roll $3.6 billion worth of deals. So that's cumulatively about $7.5 billion year-over-year. The pipeline continues to be pretty active and pretty robust, as Michel mentioned.  And we are focused on a specific part of that pipeline where we enjoy our own kind of set of competitive advantages, namely the jumbo end of the plans, and there are fewer competitors there. When you go down size, clearly, there are more competition and more providers, but where we play, it's another set of competitors because of the size of the transactions that we bid for.
Michel Khalaf: This is Michel. So yes, as I noted in my opening comments, we had our foot on the gas pedal a little bit in the second quarter, in particular. So expect a modestly slower pace, I would say, in the second half. Our overall view has not changed. Our philosophy, our approach have not changed. We're still comfortable with the $3 billion to $4 billion cash buffer over time. We'll get back to that. So no change in approach here. It's just that we had an acceleration in the first half. So it will be modestly slower in the second.
Michel Khalaf: Andrew. So I don't think -- if we look at our portfolio, I think we don't see any major gaps when it comes to that portfolio. We're really well pleased. As you know, we've gone through a major transformation that got us to this point. We believe we have the right strategy. Having said that, M&A is a strategic capability and if we see opportunities to accelerate revenue growth in certain businesses that we -- where we believe, potentially doing something organically might make sense or bring in a capability that can help drive our competitive advantage, we'd certainly be open to doing so.  And look at a lot of deals and the -- maybe the sort of lack of deal should not suggest to you that there's a lack of activity here. We increased our shareholding in our India JV in the first quarter to 47%. So we continue to be active, but we're also very disciplined and whatever we do has to make strategic sense for us as well.
Michel Khalaf: Thank you all for joining us this morning. I know it's a busy morning. Our second quarter results add to MetLife's track record of consistent, strong performance and provide further evidence of the strength and momentum of our well-diversified, market-leading businesses.  With our clarity of purpose, a compelling all-weather strategy and a relentless focus on execution, we are well positioned to deliver superior value to all our stakeholders. Thank you, and have a great day.
