John McCallion: Good morning, Tom. So on the first question, let me start by saying, I wouldn’t call it guidance, right? This is – let’s just be clear what our objective here is to provide a scenario. We anchored it on some data or market data as of March 31. So it was really to provide a scenario of free cash flow. And one, we’re considering a level of credit losses and downgrades based on our bottom-up analysis that our investment team has been working through and monitoring and thinking it will play out over a 12- to 24-month period. And two, looking at the potential impact of New York cash flow testing requirements using last year’s requirements. And remember, we get a special consideration letter every year and then considering any new requirements that we’re aware of. And so there, we applied those factors to estimate some level of cash flow testing reserves, again, based on March 31 macro factors. And as I said, Steve and team put forth a bottoms-up review to a value to range of credit losses. And for cash flow testing, we picked a point more stressful than where we are today, that being March 31, where interest rates – while interest rates are similar, credit spreads were wider back then, equity markets were lower then. I would also point you to just directionally the shape of the curve is more favorable. Actually, it’s more favorable than, I’d say, a year-end base case we used at the outlook call, just given the shape of the curve, given the significant drop in the short end. And then also, as I said, credit spreads, they’re important as well in this, and they have narrowed since March 31. So I think it’s important that to also know that we get this letter every year. The letter we – the requirements were used from last year’s letter was based on a different macroeconomic environment. So we’re – every year, we work through with New York in a constructive way, and we’re cautiously optimistic we’ll come to a regional place, but we wanted to give some sensitivity. And I think the other thing I would just add – this is, I would say, consistent with the direction that we’ve given in the past, right? We’ve said that our free cash flow range of 65% to 75% holds with a 10-year treasury of 1.5% to 4.5%. And then as rates go below that, we would expect that to decline for a year or a two-year average, I should say. And I think that’s kind of what we’re trying to share here. And then on LTC. So yes, look, I don’t – I’m not going to comment on someone else’s situation. For us, we work with New York every year. So we – I wouldn’t say there’s anything in particular for us. And we’re always looking at our reserves, and there’s nothing to point out different than what we’re seeing every year.
John McCallion: Hey, Ryan, it’s John. Yes, I think that’s fair. As I said, again, those were off of March 31 rates. Rates are different today. It’s an estimate. We haven’t – that we apply. We go through a much more longer process to get to the final reserve number. So again, that’s why there’s a wide range there of outcomes. But I think directionally, the way to think of it is, it has an impact on one year’s free cash flow.
John McCallion: Maybe I’ll just add to a couple of points to what Ramy mentioned. So because you referenced, I think, unemployment, Nigel. And so a couple of things to point out here. One is that the segment that’s been hardest hit, which is small business. I think our total premiums there are at $1 billion. So it’s not a major component of our current portfolio. And two, if you think about our disability business, it’s 11%, as we showed on Investor Day of our total earnings. So – and obviously, there, we’ve been also taking steps from a pricing perspective in terms of the guarantees that we provide on – from a rate perspective to make sure that we are also well positioned for a downturn scenario.
John McCallion: Yes, hi, Jimmy, it's John. Good morning. So yes, spreads were in line with what we've kind of been forecasting for the last few quarters as we said before and coming in at 114 basis points but ex-VII, 83 basis points. And we'll expect, given VII returns in Q2 that this will take our overall spread down and – in Q2. And just as a frame of reference for VII, 85% to 90% of our VII comes through three segments: it's RIS, MLH and Asia, and it's roughly third each. But let me focus on how the shape of the curve is improving spreads ex VII. And again, I think this highlights some of the diversification that we have in our business products and the tools that we have to deploy in different environments. And so we think for the remainder of this year, we would expect kind of 5 to 10 basis points improvement as a result of the – how the curve has changed, particularly even since March. I mean, if you just look at LIBOR, I think it's down 100 basis points since the end of the first quarter. And then maybe just to give you a quick update then on sensitivities because I know we gave those to you back at the outlook call. So now where LIBOR is, which is below 50 basis points, you know, our sensitivity would be for every 10-bit move, it would be a $10 million plus or minus depending on whether it goes up or down. The long-term sensitivity doesn’t change but the near term one does. So it almost doubles. So anyway, I thought I'd just provide that color as well.
John McCallion: Good morning, Elyse. This is John. Yes, look we have said this before because I don't think we're necessarily – I know it's lower rates, but we've been in low rate environments for some time now, and they've gotten lower, certainly, over the last 12-plus months. And so it does put some pressure on that bid-ask spread as we talked about in holdings. And – but what we've said before is that these are complex blocks of business. And what we always urge the team to do is make sure we're continuing to take an external perspective, doing the work now because when things – if things were to change and those pricing points were to converge a little more, maybe supply gets even that much greater, there could be a various variety of things. We want to be ready and opportunistic if something makes sense for us. But I'd say, just all else equal, yes, lower rates puts pressure on doing something in holdings at this juncture.
John McCallion: Good morning, Erik. So, I would say, to start, the answer – you kind of outlined it pretty well. In the beginning, the first few 25 bp reduction would be fairly consistent and then it would begin to grow. So if you said maybe the first – don't take this for like we've modeled it exactly, but let's say, the first two are roughly $50 million. And then if you move to another – the next 100 basis points, it would start to grow a little more each time. Look, we've actually done some sizing, rough sizing, and this isn't something that we're – there should be no indication of us making any change ahead of time or not. But we've looked at if it was 150 basis point move down, that would roughly be somewhere between $400 million and $450 million of an impact and no loss recognition testing impact still. So we have done some stress and sensitivities, but that's our best estimates at this time.
Ramy Tadros: Hey, Nigel, it’s Ramy here. Well, maybe just on underwriting, stepping back and giving you an overall context across the U.S. business. We do have significant diversification across the U.S. business. So think about mortality and longevity across the group and the RIS businesses. And then we also have diversification within each one of those businesses. So if you were to focus on group your question, the current environment is leading to various offsets and give and takes across the product lines. We are seeing favorable impacts in dental, given the lower utilization. We’re seeing actually unfavorable impacts on the life block. And I would say, to date, on the short-term disability block, it’s been a push. We’ve seen an increased number of COVID-related incidents but that’s been more than offset in a decrease in other short-term disability claims, so think issues like elective surgeries and the like. So at this stage, while there’s still some uncertainty, I mean, relating to the overall number of deaths in the U.S. and the impact on the insured population versus the general population, it’s very reasonable to expect at this stage that the overall impact would more or less offset each other on a full year basis.
Ramy Tadros: And just maybe more broadly, Elyse, I would sort of add that, obviously, a more challenging macro environment, we cannot ignore that. But it doesn't change our approach to sort of M&A in terms of how we view it. We continue to constantly look at our portfolio and also think through timing and what does – when does it make sense to maybe do something. So certainly, the environment makes M&A more challenging, I would say, broadly speaking, but it doesn't mean that we stop the work that we do in terms of assessing our businesses. And also, there might be opportunities coming out of this crisis that certainly will spend time also thinking through.
Ramy Tadros: Sure, and in terms of the overall pipeline, it has slowed due to the overall environment. A number of drivers within that, including the funding levels, the volatility in the capital markets, and frankly, the priorities of treasury and HR teams in the context of the pandemic. So we've seen a few deals that were pulled out or put on hold in the first quarter, and we're seeing a somewhat lighter pipeline. If activity were to kind of pick back up in the second half of the year, we expect to get our fair share. And I'd remind you that we were a top three player in that market last year. But when you think of RIS, again, remember, RIS has a lot more than PRT in it. PRT is one product line in the context of a diversified context. And as Michel and John referenced, we've seen a substantial pick up in our stable value business in the last quarter, and we're seeing very healthy over – year-over-year increase in the liability balances. And certainly for the full year in terms of liability balances, we'd expect to still be within the guidance range that we've talked about.
Ramy Tadros: Sure, let me just maybe start by profiling the overall PFO mix and then talk about some of the dynamics coming out of that. So remember, 75% of our PFOs are coming from national accounts, so think large employers. And when you think about the headline unemployment numbers there that you're seeing in the economy, those have really disproportionately impact smaller employers, part-time workers and the like. And the other dynamic in our national accounts book that's important is that the ultimate impact that we would actually see is going to be also influenced by the benefit practices of certain large employers. So you've seen examples where employers have continued to provide benefits for furloughed workers. So that's kind of one just triangulation point for you. The other piece, when you think about top line for this business is that we have a diversified book by industry and geography. And just like what we do in the credit portfolio, we've done the same thing here in terms of looking at industries, which are most at risk in terms of unemployment levels and benefits being cut. And that percentage is just shy of 10% of our entire book. So as an example, hotels and leisure is less than 2%. So you put all of that together, you put the fact that we’re getting strong persistency above our expectations, we’re getting good renewal actions at expectations. You put all of that together, we'll see some headwinds to PFOs related to overall unemployment, but I would say we would still see some PFO growth for the full year, albeit modest and likely shy of the 4% to 6% range that we've talked about, but nevertheless, we will see growth. Two other points, just to bear in mind as you think about the timing, we have implemented a premium credit in our dental business for the months of April and May, given the significant drop in utilization of dental services. And we will align the dental premiums for the balance of 2020 with the expected utilization of services. So when you think about our Q2 number, we will be shifting some revenue recognition from Q2 to the second half of the year. And the second point to highlight here again in the context of $1 billion or so voluntary business that we talked about on our Investor Day, we talked about a 30% CAGR in that business, historically. We're still expecting for 2020 to still see double-digit CAGR in PFOs for voluntary. And while unemployment levels are a headwind, we have tailwinds here. We have increased awareness of the needs of – for this product, and we're starting from a place where there's relatively low penetration of these products with employee population.
