Ramy Tadros: Andrew, it's Ramy here. Phenomenal, I think we would say, it's a very strong quarter for us, and we're extremely pleased with those results. To give you some context around your question, if you think about this into 2020 and beyond, I would say a few things. One is that we are very confident in our fundamentals here. This is an attractive market. It has structural characteristics that make it attractive that we talked about. And we are a market leader here, and we do have sustainable competitive advantages that we continue to press. If you think about the specific results on the underwriting ratio, like you said, remember, this is an insurance business. So you do expect these ratios to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, they do have some seasonality to them, with first quarter typically being a bit elevated. The other thing you should think of as an insurance business is that the results that we're seeing are entirely within our expected range of outcomes in the context of our business. So if you look at 2020, our view of those ranges have not changed from the ones we've given you in December and our expectations for the full year remain the same and are in the mid -- towards the middle of that range. From a competitive environment, it is competitive. It's not irrational. We seek to differentiate on a lot of factors beyond price. And the other thing I would say, there's a lot of white space in this business, and we talked about the voluntary opportunity in particular, where we see white space for further growth.
Ramy Tadros: Good morning, Elyse. It's Ramy here. We're clearly very pleased with our PRT results, both for the quarter and for the year. The quarter was a $2.5 billion quarter, and as Michel mentioned, it's a $4.3 billion a year for us. Remember, we're focusing -- from a pipeline perspective, we are focusing on the larger end of the market. So these are big pension plans, mid-single digits, but sometimes even higher with respect to the size of these plans. That's the part of the market where we have a competitive advantage with respect to our rating, our investment capability and our scale of the balance sheet. And when you think about those plans, they are on a derisking journey, right? So this is not something that's a trade that they make overnight. And that -- this derisking journey ends up taking a number of years. And therefore, for any one of them, the current rate position is only an input because it depends on their overall ALM position and it depends on their equity allocation. So having said all of that and given the market we're focused on, we're still seeing a very robust 2020 in that segment that we're looking at.
Ramy Tadros: Sure. So clearly, it's been a challenging quarter for the P&C business. And the headline here, as you've mentioned, is a bodily injury severity. And as you know, it's a trend that we're seeing in the marketplace. We saw some initial indication of deterioration in the third quarter, and we took some reserve strengthening then. And those indications worsened in the fourth quarter, which warranted additional strengthening. And that's a combination of PYDs as well as out-of-period strengthening for '19. As we look forward, I can tell you, we're looking at these trends very closely. We're pulling a range of levers, which are at our disposal, beginning with rate actions where we've accelerated some of the rate actions into early 2020, but we're also looking at underwriting and claims practices. So we're on top of this. I could say with respect to the auto line, in particular, where we stand today, our expectations are that we would remain within our overall guidance range for auto, albeit towards the upper end of that range. So if you recall, that's a 93% to 98% for the auto business.
Ramy Tadros: Yes. I mean, if you look at the fourth quarter, if you exclude the PYDs in the quarter, I would say, remember, that the fourth quarter is typically seasonally higher for auto for us. So if you think about that fourth quarter results, excluding PYD, it's 98.9%. And again, there's some elevation because of seasonality here.
Ramy Tadros: Well, remember also, I mean, we've been growing a lot, right, in the last few years. So you're seeing there is kind of a pickup as a result of just sheer growth, but I would say that's the case. We can -- we'll look again, but it's there. And there's other things that go into this, right? I mean, there's other investments being made. So sometimes, it's hard. But as we've said -- and I think, last year, there might have been employee benefit costs that offset that. So the volatility and some of the market impacts from unemployed benefit costs can impact the segments as well. So you might see a little offset, but you can be assured, it's in there.
John McCallion: Good morning, Andrew. It's John. Yes, I would just -- maybe I'll start with the beginning part there and just say, this is consistent with what we expected, and we mentioned previously on the third quarter call, we started to see a bottoming of spreads, partly due to the anticipation of the benefit of 2 fed rate cuts and that's kind of starting to get fully absorbed in the market. And so that was one. And also, we saw the dislocation and the repo markets subside. So we've seen some bottoming of the kind of spread decline happen over the last couple of quarters. And as we said, we think that's a pretty good run rate for the near term. In terms of -- in terms of turnover in this particular RIS book, I don't think we have that handy here. But again, you can talk to IR off-line. It's -- we talk about overall this -- the roll-off reinvest with regards to rate for the firm. A lot of that, obviously, mix matters there, and it's hard to read into that specifically. But I think just -- I would go back to what we've said, which is that the spreads here have started to bottom. You see the benefit of 2 full rate cuts. You can see that in our crediting rate. It's kind of dropped faster than our investment yield in this business, and that's because we have a lot of floating rate liabilities in that business. And it does take some time for that to fully get recognized because 3-month LIBOR does -- it has to take a little -- a few months before it's fully recognized there. So I'll let Steve add some color.
John McCallion: Yes, hard to tell in terms of time line at this point. We're still working through it. So we don't really have a projected or estimated time line in terms of when we would share that information.
John McCallion: Yes. I would actually maybe refer to the way that Ramy described PRTs. It's not something that they can turn on, turn off. This is like -- given the size and the complexity, sometimes it just requires people to spend time on these things for some time. So I don't think they react to movements in interest rates as much. So I would say it's no change at this point. It's -- there's still kind of a good supply of capital out there, but I'd say the bid-ask spread is still fairly wide, but there's a number of folks that have entered the space over the last few years, and we're seeing that.
John McCallion: Yes, I will try. And I make that point only because we have talked about that there is seasonality from quarter-to-quarter, which is why we focus on the annual direct expense ratio. Having said that, let me just kind of recall a few things. So we did say that -- and we've called out previously that the third and fourth quarter tend to be -- tend to be elevated due to the cost, as I mentioned, in my opening remarks for the enrollment of group customers, and we don't get those premiums in until the following year, so this tends to be an elevated. And even this year, if you recall, we didn't see that come through in the third quarter. So there was even some slippage into 4Q. On top of that seasonality, there were some additional onetime costs in the quarter that we would not expect to recur. We had some elevated employee benefit costs. Remember in the earlier 3 quarters, we had employee benefit costs going the other way. So they've kind of washed or kind of neutralized each other out. And then we also had some additional corporate initiatives spend in the quarter, in 4Q, that was elevated. So we estimate 50 to 60 basis points above what normal trend would be for kind of the fourth quarter. And so you can kind of think of that as what we had expected in the quarter and the additional onetime costs that came through.
John McCallion: Yes. I think if you -- so if you adjust the notable items, you come to something closer in the 13s in terms of effective tax rate. So we did have some additional positive items that were not called out as notable just because of the size and, call it, our kind of approach to notables of anything over a $50 million impact. So it's a series of a few items. One is there were some revision to the rules on the GILTI tax in the fourth quarter, and I think it was early December, maybe late November, which ultimately provided a company's ability to use some additional foreign tax credits. So that came through in the fourth quarter. And then the remaining amount is effectively just some return to provision true-ups and some other year-end tax estimate refinements. So if you exclude those items, it's, call it, $65 million impact, you get to 18.5%. And so that's how you reconcile the quarter ETR.
John McCallion: Yes. I mean, we -- there are clearly some skew there, and there are some states where we see -- where we saw higher severity than others. So there is that skew there, and we're clearly focusing on the states where we're writing the most amount of business. In terms of rate taking, so if you look at over 2019, we took 2% in rate across the book on average. Over the last 90 days, we've accelerated the rate actions for 2020. So we've taken under 2% in rate, just for Q1 of 2020, and we're clearly going to be watching this carefully. We expect to take additional rate as warranted.
Michel Khalaf: Yes, Tom, it's Michel. As we mentioned, we are comfortable with the $3 billion to $4 billion buffer at the HoldCo, slightly above this -- for the fourth quarter. Mostly, I would say, timing related in terms of dividends to the HoldCo. I would look at our sort of cash buyback activity in the fourth quarter in tandem with the third quarter. We had mentioned then that we had pulled forward some of the share repurchases. We tend to be opportunistic in that respect. So nothing more to read into that, I would say.
Michel Khalaf: No change also in terms of our capital management philosophy. I think we talked before about M&A opportunities, how we view those strategic fit accretive. And we sort of also consider alternative uses of capital. So I would say no change in terms of our capital management philosophy. Excess capital belongs to the shareholders, and absent M&A activity, we'll return it in the form of dividends and share repurchases.
Michel Khalaf: Yes, John, I would say not much. I mean, our business in the U.K. as mostly employee benefits and individual protection. So I wouldn't say that we've seen a major -- there's an improvement in the overall sentiment, I would say, post-elections and now with Brexit sort of not necessarily behind the U.K. but at least decided. But no impact to our business that I would call out, no.
Michel Khalaf: So let me close this meeting by thanking everyone for joining us. We're pleased with our strong 2019 results and our growing track record of consistent performance. Having said that, rest assured that this leadership team is motivated by a strong sense of urgency to create greater shareholder value. Thank you again, and talk to you soon.
