John Hele: We haven't given details of it -- by segment yet and MetLife Holdings -- the goal of that is to optimize value for the shareholder and MetLife Holdings including cash flow so work underway with that over time will give you some more guidance on that but right now we give you the overall guidance for Remain-Co is 65% to 75% on average in 2017 and 2018. 
John Hele: I'm just looking it up. So we have about a couple hundred million of benefit right now from that -- and about just under half of that is Brighthouse today and these hedges stay for a long time so they run well into 2020, 2022. That's a couple hundred million in the quarter? But yes. The quarter, I'm sorry -- that's also pre-tax. 
John Hele: It depends both on the shape of the curve and how much it moves in the quarter, how these marks on derivatives moves we also have currency hedging and some other aspects to it so it's a little complex. We have instituted a plan, though, we're we looking at our hedging in total so we don't want to give any guidance on it now and we haven't decided how we're going to think about it. I mean, it's kind of an interesting balance, economically, we're better off even with these hedges from an economic balance sheet point of view but you have these noise through to the GAAP so how much do you want to spend money or change your hedging to protect GAAP? So we're examining various options because we're at these rates and if the rates go up further, we will be moving away from some of the more costly guarantees in our businesses that we maybe modify our hedging strategy but that is still work underway. 
John Hele: So from a pure mark to market economic balance sheet MetLife is better off end of the year than in the third quarter and second quarter. But the accounting does have timing issues sometimes. So there is, as you can see, there are some statutory capital but we're still -- have our guidance and reconfirming our 65 to 75 free cash flow for 2017 and 2018 for Remain-Co on average for 17 and 18 so it hasn't change that amount long term it's very good for the business what we think about that net present value of cash flows.
John Hele: Right. Well, there is an impact. It depends on how rates go up, the short the end goes up because the short and can affect the derivative income. If we have 100 basis points increase in rates affecting operating up, right up from where we're now, you have the positive from rising rates and the reinvestment of the portfolio and you'd also have a lesser derivative income. It would be -- if it's spiked up today, the subsidy would be kind of a wash in 17 at about 100 million in 2018 and $150 million in 2019. 
John Hele: No. The guidance we gave that our Outlook still applies for next year there's noise this quarter and some worse mortality than we had thought we had a couple large claims that fell through but we would stick with the guidance we gave you on the call. 
John Hele: No. We would not adjust our Outlook and we would try to tell that to you if we had a change to our Outlook but thanks for the question. 
John Hele: Some of that was tax which we have so we have the cash and then another piece was collateral for derivatives so depending upon what happens to currencies interest rates, the collateral postings can change. And we'll just have to wait and see. That's on that piece. 
John Hele: So I think I understand your question but free cash flow is a lot of moving parts to it and it is a bit volatile from year-to-year so we give you an average over two years and we're confident in our rage at 65 to 75 but I can't give you an individual year target. 
John Hele: Directionally, we -- I'm reiterating our range. At this time, it is a bit volatile from time to time. 
John Hele: Yes, we're on track to the outlook we gave you for the cost savings. As you remember, we spent a lot in in 2017 to get these savings later on, a lot of technology investments. It is spread out throughout the year perhaps a little more in the second half than the first half, but we will isolate these for you each and every time and so you can see these pieces of what the investments are to create the savings. 
John Hele: In long term care, we adjusted the claims we had in 2016. We updated at the end of the year for those claims what we were seeing -- we were seeing a little less termination of those claims so we had to adjusted reserves on that. Is a small amount relative to the total size of our long term care, remember that we have about $10 billion of GAAP reserves on this business, about $13 billion and so this is a small change within the total and only affecting the 2016 claims. 
Steve Kandarian: These were general interest rate hedges purchased over years to protect against low rates across the Board and particularly we do have some long liabilities, long term care, for example that need a protected gains of some other longer liabilities so that's what it's protecting the gains and we've had them for a long time and they reduce to the income for us in a very positive way as the rates go up they produce less income now and they do have this Mark to market to the balance sheet to this asymmetrical accounting but that's why it's a big piece of it and less in the VA book. 
Steve Kandarian: That is complex. Because you have to go way back and where do you start? And how do the calculations? So I think unfortunately the answer is you are going to have to wait until the accounting is modified at some point in the future. It's been about 10 years we've been working on it but the hope is to have a better balance sheet for insurers and this work by FASB underway to move towards that. 
Steve Kandarian: Well, the total values are disclosed in our balance sheet if you divide the number of shares outstanding but to try to equate to get to the true book value, the true economic value is assets liabilities that's what I mean it's not a useful number because you don't know the true economic value of the liabilities to really figure out what is the true economic book value. 
Steve Kandarian: So as we disclosed, the quarter in general terms revenues are 5% are fine. We have weaker sales in Mexico which you know is -- impacting the lower sales not necessarily directly correlated with the top line because it's previously put in terms of the impact in the economy, obviously monitoring how the situation evolves including discussions about NAFTA. I have to say that our business partner in Mexico is fairly unrelated to any trade agreements so it's just tied to the general economy. Of the market we normally grow each rate to the market growth rate. 
Steve Kandarian: We're very active with the FASB on this. The concept makes a lot of sense. That was in the details. The big question is what interest rate do you bring the liabilities back at a lot of discussion with the FASB on that and that work is still underway. A lot of the changes, though, would flow-through -- I think the proposals flow-through AOCI and not give noise to operating earnings so you still see the operating earnings peace and the noise would flow-through the AOCI. 
Steve Kandarian: I think it's pretty hard to answer a question right now about tax reform because it's so early stage. Chairman Brady of the House Ways and Means Committee has a blueprint out will have to see where that goes. There's been some support for it and other reporters of the economy are concerned about the border adjustability component still a lot of knowledge has to be gained in terms of how that will actually work and with the details will be so it's really premature for me right now to say how it will affect those factors. 
Steve Kandarian: Well, you highlight one of the sensitivities there and this is Steve -- at the way we look at it is if you were to hold all spreads constant across asset sectors, what has to happen to the 10 year treasury? Which is a primary indicator for where we're investing and it's approximately about a 3% U.S. Treasury rate of 10 years and again it's assuming all spreads stay the same but that would be about where we would hit our breakeven on reinvesting. 
Steve Kandarian: I think we'll have to wait and see. It will be nice to not have spread compression that we've been fighting for years and we look forward to dealing with that issue going forward. 
Steve Kandarian: Well, actually with interest rates going up at we've asset adequacy reserves. We have better buffers now than with the rising rates and look forward to a future of not having to add to those for a while so we -- this has been a very -- as I said, economically very favorable to MetLife with the rise in rates. 
Steve Kandarian: Okay that brings us close to the top of the hour, it's a busy morning. Thank you to everyone for joining us and we look forward to speaking with you during the quarter. 
