Michel Khalaf: Sure. So we always look at M&A opportunities that fit our strategy and are accretive over time. We evaluate those opportunities on a consistent basis globally with a view on value and cash generation. These deals need to earn more than their cost of capital.  We also evaluate M&A opportunities against alternative uses of capital. Obviously, we consider capital markets, the cost of raising capital and synergies in our assessment, and we will always look to achieve a healthy balance between returning cash to our shareholders and strategic M&A activity that can help us accelerate our growth.  So hopefully, this gives you an idea about our philosophy on M&As. And again if you're looking at strategic fit, think about businesses and markets where we -- that are growth markets where we believe that potentially M&A can help us further drive our growths. Those would be the businesses and markets where we will consider such deals.
Michel Khalaf: So I'm 100% committed to the $800 million pretax profit margin improvement by 2020 target, and we're fully on track to achieve that. I think we've done a good job over the last several years actually of repurposing some savings and reinvesting in technology and innovation, and we look to continue to do that. The other thing I will say here and I mentioned it in my remarks, is that we are making sure that expense discipline is a muscle, is part of our culture here. It's embedded in everything that we do, and we see this efficiency and expense discipline as a journey of continuous improvement as opposed to a single destination. So we are committed to our target and we believe that we'll have opportunities to continue to invest in innovation and in our growth.
Michel Khalaf: So look, with Marty Lippert's retirement, we felt there was an opportunity to better align MetLife Holdings' reporting with our core objectives, and for me, there are 3 core objectives for the business. One is to deliver on our obligations to our policyholders. Two is to continue to reduce the risk and volatility of that business. And three is to optimize value.  So we feel that having MetLife Holdings report to finance and to John will help us sharpen our focus on these objectives. And we've said before and I'll repeat that we will consider all options to optimize the value of the business, and we don't rule anything out. Any transaction that we believe makes sense economically is something that we would consider.
Michel Khalaf: Let me give you a couple of quick comments and then Ramy can chime in as well. So if you think, obviously, we're pleased with our group performance in Q1, and I'd say this is building also on strong momentum from last year, but we should keep in mind that underwriting results do fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. So if you think about life, for example, it's at the very low end of the range this quarter. Very much flu season was the main contributor.  But a few things I think related to what we discussed in the fourth quarter. One is that dental utilization has normalized so it's in line with expectations in Q1. As you recall, that was elevated in Q4. We said we didn't see signs of any trend. That was confirmed in Q1. And one of the things we did lower the Non-Medical Health ratio in our outlook call. That was driven by the view that disability is performing well given the healthy economy, the high levels of employment. So we continue to see positive outcomes there, but we also talked about the fact that we are seeing a business mix towards voluntary products, so with lower benefit ratios.  And we're particularly pleased, our sales results for the quarter, were very strong, and those were really driven by voluntary sales, so that's as opposed to jumbo sales, for example, which is also typical in national accounts. So I think this speaks to the fact that our strategy is delivering in terms of this product mix shift, and we think we continue to see voluntary as an important growth opportunity. I don't know, Ramy, if you want to also add to this.
Michel Khalaf: So look, I think we're on the right path in terms of core elements of our strategy, and you mentioned those, so capital efficiency, focus on strong risk-adjusted returns on strong free cash flow generation and profitable growth. And I can tell you that in all my visits to our key markets, I see a real focus on value creation that's now well embedded in pretty much everything we do. I do feel that we're at an inflection point. And while we've accomplished much in terms of our -- in terms of derisking action, I always believe that there's room for improvement. I've already started a review process with my team, and we are going to look for opportunities: one, to see how we can further optimize our portfolio, our products, our businesses, make sure that we are making -- we continue to make the right decisions and choices in terms of capital allocation; and then how we can also accelerate revenue growth, and as I mentioned earlier, make sure that expense efficiency becomes -- is more of a journey here as opposed to a single destination. So I'm excited. I think this is an exciting time for MetLife and I think we can -- I'm confident that we can build on the strong foundations that we already have.
Michel Khalaf: Thanks, John. Let me close by saying we are starting 2019 on solid footing with a strong fundamental first quarter. MetLife is a company with great businesses, a noble purpose and an iconic brand. Looking ahead, I'm excited and energized by the task at hand: delivering great value for our customers, shareholders and people. I want to thank everyone for joining us today, and I look forward to getting to know you better in the weeks and months ahead. Enjoy the rest of the day.
John McCallion: It's John. I would focus on the spread itself. And just for this quarter we -- there was a new accounting related to derivative hedging so there was a reclass between the yield and interest credited so that might just change the trend a little bit. But I think I would focus a bit on the spread itself. So let me talk about the spread. And obviously, we came in below the range we provided at the outlook call of 100 to 125, so a couple of things.  First, the range and the sensitivities we provided, I would take those as full year ranges, and those can certainly deviate from any one quarter. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, while Q1 was below the range, we still believe and expect the full year to be within the range albeit maybe the lower half of that range. But there is two drivers to the Q1 underperformance. So first, we did have a slightly higher allocation to shorter-term assets during the quarter as we continue to look to shift out of certain assets that are more susceptible to a market downturn, and so we see this mostly as timing. And as rates declined that had about a 5 to 6 basis point impact.  The second thing we saw was a good portion of our sec lending business does get allocated to the segment. And to the inversion of the short end of the curve relative to LIBOR has put pressure on our sec lending margins. And so if you think about where we were at the outlook call and where the treasury curve was there and LIBOR was at that time, the drop in the treasury curve has been greater than that of the 3-month LIBOR. And so that inversion has occurred over the last 3 to 4 months, and that's put some pressure on us.  So overall, we think, certainly, the first one will we think reverse itself. We think of it as timing, and we'll have to monitor the margin pressure and sec lending and see what happens with the inversion of the curve. Right now if you follow the forward rates, it would imply that the relationship will improve throughout the year, but obviously, we know things can deviate from there.
John McCallion: It's John. I would just -- I wouldn't comment specifically on dividend for a particular legal entity. I think we would just comment and refer back to the guidance that we've given, which is free cash flow ratio of 65 to 75 on average for the two year period. I think we're still on track to meet that target.
John McCallion: It's John. On the first question with regards to expenses, yes, I think it's just been continued focus to optimize and the efficiency of that segment. We continue to focus there. And a lot of the efforts that we've been making over the years on our unit cost initiative, quite a few of that is allocated towards holdings so that's just kind of the natural progress that you would expect to see. Regarding allocation of capital, we haven't given that figure out, and we'll probably keep it that way for now.
John McCallion: Sure. We did give a sense it should be the LIBOR. LIBOR in and of itself actually performed as expected. But as I said, there was -- we didn't talk about a shift in the shape of the curve relative to LIBOR. So that inversion -- maybe I didn't give this number before, but in the quarter, it probably cost us about 3 to 4 basis points on the spread. So if you roll that forward, you can kind of come up with what the headwind would be if the curve did not kind of steepen at all from here.
John McCallion: They're just allocated throughout segments. You can follow up with John later, but it's not -- it's -- -- they're out there. They're allocated throughout the segments, I guess, would be the easy answer.
