Ramy Tadros: Good morning Ryan. It's Ramy here. So on the disability front, as you noted, it's - relative to our premium, it's about 12% of our overall PFOs in group. And I can give you some color based on both the LTD and the STD portions of the book. So for the LTD side, what we saw is an incidence rate this quarter that's much more in line with our historical norms. It was higher than last year but last year was a favorable incidence here from a disability perspective. So we're seeing it tick back to where it was historically from a frequency perspective. And then, the recoveries continue to be pretty strong. The other thing I would add there on the LTD side is so far, we have not seen any significant impact on the business from kind of COVID or non-COVID effect, neither have we seen any material impacts from the overall economy. So it's been pretty much a return to, call it, a pre-pandemic levels as far as the LTD book. For the STD side, it's a bit different. So think about that 12% of disability premium, two-thirds of it is sitting in the LTD only a third of it sits in the STD. And then for that one-third that's in STD, about half of those employees are comprised of ASO only business. So we are administering the disability claims but not on the hook for the actual claims themselves. So while for the STD portion, we have seen and continue to see elevated STD COVID claims. The actual impact on the non-medical health ratio is pretty de minimis given the composition of our book and the ASO exposure.
Ramy Tadros: Sure, Jimmy. It's Ramy here. I would say the dental story is very much a return to pre-pandemic utilization. So if you look at the quarter-over-quarter results, 2020 was exceptionally low in terms of dental utilization. We've seen that come back to normal levels. Q3 tends to be seasonally lower. So Q4 tends to kind of slightly tick up typically in terms of the dental business. So very much kind of a return to normal. And I would say if you look at the overall ratio, our non-medical health ratio. And our expectation right now is that for the full year, we're going to get a ratio that's very close to the midpoint of our range.
Ramy Tadros: John, it's Rami here. The expense ratio on the Life business is pretty small. So the real the real issue is not operations or expenses, the real issue and the challenge you're seeing is just the claims front. So it's not really an expense issue at all this point.
Ramy Tadros: John, it's Rami again here. I just want to maybe also further clarify our issue with the intent of your question with respect to what's going to change and what is changing on the life side is pricing. So we did talk about this, the last quarter we have and we continue to make rate adjustments in the group life business, in line with our perspective view of the pandemics. It's not operations related is related to the underwriting and the mortality. And as you look at the upcoming renewal season, we have been able to achieve rate adjustments and rate increases in line with our perspective view of mortality, while maintaining pretty strong persistency in our book. So and that's going to be an ongoing process that we're undertaking. So that's kind of what's changing, if you will, with respect to the group life piece.
John McCallion: Good morning, Ryan. It's John. Yes, obviously, RIS spreads, I think, overall, have been just a beneficiary of just the excellent performance here in private equity portfolio. So we saw that continue in this quarter. You're referencing, after excluding VII, that spreads have remained resilient at 93 basis points, although a 5 basis point decline from second quarter. But pretty much in line with what we what we set back 90 days ago. So you're referencing that continued alleviated levels paydown activity on the residential mortgage book, and that accelerates the income from those securities or loans that we purchased at a discount. But as we said, we believe we've seen the peak of that. And so that 5 basis point run-off was generally expected. We would expect that to continue into 4Q and kind of start to make its way down. And - but I think kind of a similar trajectory seems reasonable at this point.
John McCallion: Eric, it's John. I'd say the short answer is, yes. If the question is, are we getting more optimistic? Yes. We are seeing what you're referencing as well. I think the supplier and buyer base is continuing to remain, I'd say, robust. And I think our team continues to work and take a third-party view and do the analytics around our portfolio. And as we've - I've talked about before, quite a bit of it is thinking about what are of interest of different buyers. It differs. Not everyone is thinking the same way or have they - buyers have different tools for creating value. And so we have to think through that and think about our situation as well and how we would optimize from our end. And I think there is a puzzle to put together there to think through how to best optimize a situation like that. As we've talked about before, we're not going to do something at any cost. But we are continuing to look at things to optimize and accelerate the release of reserves and capital appropriately. And I think that's - we're still on track with that.
John McCallion: Good morning, Jimmy, it's John. We are well underway on our implementation work, progress continues. And I'd say, continue to be on target for implementation come 11/23. We're going to - we're in the process of evaluating transition amounts and ongoing impacts of the new guidance. And I'd say our plan is still intact, which would be kind of a mid-2022 timeframe, give or take, for disclosing and kind of sharing how to think about the transition and the insights you should draw upon this. Again, I'd remind everyone that ultimately economics, cash flow, pricing product does not change. And I think we're working well with the industry to think through how we collectively transition ourselves and kind of explain the results. And I think that's going well. So at this point, I'd say nothing has caused us to feel the need to change the time line.
John McCallion: Yes. We've had periodic discussions with them over time. I think the rating agencies get it, and not everything is changing. So when you say ratios, not all ratios are changing. I mean our group business ratios won't change. So I think it's not all businesses. It's not all products. And I think it's - there will be certain unique circumstances that will arise in certain books. But in general, I think my assessment is that - they have a very balanced methodical way of thinking about it, and they recognize the fact that economics, cash flow and pricing of products is not changing.
John McCallion: Good morning, Tom. I would say the answer to the first question would be would be, we're open to all blocks of business that create value for us. So I think a lot of different aspects go into value creation when it comes to that question. So I don't think it's one focus there or another. I'd say probably the only one that could probably scope out or say is less likely as LTC just given where bid spreads are at these days. But I'd say markets are evolving on all the other ones. And then you have to look at your own kind of situation to think about the benefits we get from having them in our New York domiciled entity. And so that's how we would kind of frame it. I wouldn't exclude anything outside of, let's say, LTC just given where I think pricing is, there's a pretty big divergence in what people think at this point. On the other aspect of counterparty, I would say, we come at it probably the same way that our New York domicile partners would come at it as well. So I don't know if it changes who or how we would do transaction. I think we probably take somewhat of a similar construct because at the end of the day, our situation would be a reinsurance transaction from the New York domiciled entity. And so credit risk would matter. And so structure can help with that as well. But I don't think it excludes anything per se, but that would be a strong consideration.
John McCallion: Yes, sure. Good question, Tom, because you're right. It has shifted. I mean, quite honestly, every metric has shifted back to pre-pandemic levels. I mean maybe we're off slightly on the relationship of in-home versus kind of external care, but it's very close. It's much - it's very close to being pre-pandemic.
John McCallion: Yes. Good morning, Humphrey. So yes, we had a very strong Q3, I'd say, a number of items went in one direction that caused us to have a very strong result in Q3. As we think about quantification of that, you could put it in the area of, call it, $20 million, $25 million, give or take. And then as I said on - in my prepared remarks, we'd expect some elevated technology investments in the in the fourth quarter. So I'll give you some data point from this sure I give you anything outside of that, but that probably should help you kind of frame for your modeling.
John McCallion: Yes. So I would say we continue to focus on the full year that's our target to be under 12 3%. Full year obviously we've been running well below that. I mentioned that we would expect to have elevated expenses in the fourth quarter. Quite honestly, it's not much different than the trend you saw a year ago, in terms of how things transpired for most of the year, and then we saw an uptick. And so that, if we're above 12.3% in the fourth quarter by a bit that would that would not be a surprise, per se, but that's not our focus. Just using that as an example when you talk about the 12.3% what's important to us is the 12.3% for the full year. And so, that's kind of our mindset when we think about our expense ratio, and we continue to anticipate to be under that on a full year basis.
John McCallion: And then I can take the second question you had John. This is John as well. Yes, our target is under 12.3% you said is it possible. Sure, anything is possible I guess, but ultimately, we are steadfast on being at or below 12.3%. Again, what we're trying to do is shift the mix of expenses that are within our expense base, and continue to drive savings and capacity for reinvestment. So we want to maintain being at or below 12.3% on a persistent basis every year. But at the same time, we want to continue to drive efficiencies that free up the allocation of resources to invest in the customer, invest in our processes, and to continue to drive growth for the firm. And so, at the same time, if we see headwinds in an economy, we can use that capacity as a protection for profit margin. So that's kind of our philosophy when it comes to our efficiency mindset. And I'd say nothing would kind of take us off that track at this point.
