John C. R. Hele: Hi, Jimmy, this is John. This is dealing with the riders, so this will amortize through net income over like 30 years.
John C. R. Hele: It's something we're always looking at, but we always balance with the customers' interests and what's appropriate, so, e study this carefully, but we've not done anything to-date.
John C. R. Hele: The additional $2 billion, we still have just a little over $200 million left from the existing $3 billion authorization and we've announced an additional $2 billion and we would expect that all this will be done by the end of 2018.
John C. R. Hele: Hi, Suneet, this is John. When we did our Investor Day last year and gave that guidance, that was for RemainCo, that was for – excluding Brighthouse. So the 800 to 900 is for the new MetLife, and we're on track for that.
John C. R. Hele: We approach pricing to get a margin above what we expect to be the hurdle rate required by our shareholders. And that can vary around the world, because, obviously, what you invest in does change, but we seek spread and we call that value. So, as we add value to get a return on your capital that we invest in the business, we seek to get a margin above that.
John C. R. Hele: With the separation of Brighthouse, we are less sensitive in total, and we also have restructured some of our derivatives that particularly make it less sensitive to – on a statutory basis, to interest rates being between – 10-year Treasury being between 1.5% and 4%, which should still fall within our stated cash flow guidance.
John C. R. Hele: Well, Ryan, we don't give guidance on detailed elements like that. There are a lot of moving parts, and I leave it to – you'd have to calculate those out of (40:00).
John C. R. Hele: Hi, Sean. The $3 billion to $4 billion is what we've done with our own internal targets for liquidity and stress testing. That does not include a SIFI buffer on it, as it stands now. Of course, we examine this on an ongoing basis as to what we think, but we always want to be certain that, in a wide range of scenarios, that we have sufficient cash to get through, and that currently our buffer is $3 billion to $4 billion.
John C. R. Hele: Hi, Erik, this is John. So last year we gave guidance that the spreads we thought for the full year in 2017 for RIS would be between 1.15% and 1.40% including VII, and VII could swing between 15 to 30 basis points. So we are within those ranges so far this year. It is less than a year ago. We are seeing, of course, some spread compression both on the long end as things slowly wear off, and then also LIBOR is up a little year-over-year, so that also squeezes the business as well. But we are in line with the guidance that we've given.
John C. R. Hele: Well, if you take -- our low end is 1.15% to 1.40% and the minus 15 to 30 basis points, you'd see even the 99 is within our guidance.
John C. R. Hele: Hi, Alex, this is John. So we are running a little less on the investment side. The savings that we gave in the guidance to you some time ago last year at our Investor Day are flowing through. The strength of the (46:05) save is about the same as we had said, but we are spending a little less and we do expect the fourth quarter will pick up a little, we'll make some of that up. We'll probably be, when we end the whole year, maybe $70 million short of the whole amount, but we do expect to catch this up and be able to still deliver the savings as we promised out to 2020.
John C. R. Hele: There's another piece in panorama, which is in net income, so it's booked a little lower. That's also added to it as well.
Steven A. Kandarian: Hi, Tom. As we've said consistently, excess capital above liquidity buffer belongs to our shareholders and we kind of go down the list of things that it could be used for, dividends, share repurchases, and strategic acquisitions that clear the hurdle rate. So, all those remain on the table. I won't comment on any specific transaction, but all those uses of capital are still on the table. As to the exchange offer, that's our current intent to exchange our shares in Brighthouse for MetLife shares and our hope is to do that in the year 2018. That is subject to market conditions and regulatory issues, constraints, but that is the intent currently.
Steven A. Kandarian: Chris Townsend had come to me a while back and – just to, I mean, give you a little background on this. Chris was the longest serving President of that region for a non-Asian company. So my point is that people go to those regions typically at some reasonable number of years, before people move on to do other things. So, this is not something that was a big surprise in terms of Chris doing something different. We wanted to retain Chris, but he found another opportunity. We've already begun the process for a search. We'll look both internally and externally. The search was actually already ongoing. It wasn't after Chris' announcement. It was before, the search began. So we're in process. Steve Goulart, who has experience with the Alico transaction, Steve was running M&A and he's, of course, Treasurer of our company, he was involved directly in the Alico transaction, understands that business, and he'll be overseeing the region on an interim basis, temporary basis, as we complete our work finding a replacement for Chris.
Steven A. Kandarian: Hi. It's Steve. What we've said for some time now is that we support a pro-growth tax reform package, a significantly lower marginal rate, and we're prepared to see certain preferences changed or eliminated. And we think that will be acceptable to us as a company overall. We think that will drive economic growth, which is a key factor in terms of our growth as a company, especially in the U.S. group insurance market. So that's what we're supportive of. We've also said that if there are changes in the tax code that truly put at risk our business model, then we have to press forward with our case as to why we think that would not be a positive change for not only MetLife, but for the economy. But we are not really focused on any one specific preference or provision of the code as it relates to our business.
