John McCallion: Good morning, Ryan, it’s John. I think we wouldn’t debate your model calculations there. I think it’s fair to say that we certainly are trending to the high end of that range, if not with a plus sign. But we just moved it a year ago and I think we’ll take a year here and take stock at that time. But I’d say – I think just maybe just to help you with that. One other thing is, like I said, we’ll take stock. We think over time, and we’ve been talking about this, that there has been kind of – as a result of higher rates, there has been a shift in volume and returns on our business. So it wouldn’t preclude us from doing it again. I think we want to take some time to take stock.
John McCallion: Hey, Suneet, it’s John. It’s a good question. I mean, sometimes, NII, it’s a helpful metric, certainly from, I’d say mix and just to show that higher rates have more than offset or actually offset some of the depression and VII. And I think the point of that slide is to show that there’s more power there once things kind of re emerge on the VII front. Sometimes it’s a little hard with just translating NII to earnings. So, we’re a little cautious on necessarily given a target around that because, we have different products that perform well in different environments and ultimately to spread. So I think we’re a little hesitant to kind of forecast for you. I think the point of that slide was to indicate that it shows the growth in our business. It shows that we’re well diversified. We can perform well in a variety of economic environments. And I think that’s really probably the theme to take away. So sorry, I didn’t get to maybe your exact question or answer, but that’s probably the best I can do.
John McCallion: Yes, it’s a great question. I think what you just said at the end around in terms of them being a wash is a pretty good way of thinking about it. So, we had 125 basis points last year, all-in for 2023. We gave a range of 115 basis points to 140 basis points for next year. I think the midpoint is a little above. It’s at 127 basis points, I guess if you did the math. And our view is the interest rate caps will roll off throughout the year and then VII will emerge throughout the year and essentially offset the decline there. And so we think the best way to think about the spreads for the year is relatively flat to what you saw for the full year of 2023. It will give and take here and there. As we point out on the slide, we think VII in the first quarter will continue to be pressured. Obviously, the caps haven’t fully rolled off yet, so we’ll still have income from them. And then as VII merges, you’ll see the caps roll off and they’ll essentially offset.
John McCallion: Hey good morning, Tom, it’s John. I think the last point you made around you can’t do this overnight is an important piece, but I think direction of travel, that’s probably fair point. And I think we’ve talked about the fact that we are in a different rate environment. So the relative value of investments are probably different than where they were when it was lower for longer. We pride ourselves in diversification. So it’s not that we would make an abrupt shift, but we do believe that making some tweaks to allocations is appropriate in different environments. And I think what you’re referencing is one that we would lean towards. It’s an asset class where you have prior commitments and those – then get deployed judiciously. And actually there's probably some really good opportunities right now that we're leveraging. Having said that, we think distributions will likely outpace new contributions just given our revised level of new commitments. And I think over time you would see a moderate shift in allocation in that asset class versus others.
John McCallion: Good morning, Jimmy. It's John. The simple answer just sequentially for us is the lower rates late in the quarter caused a bit of compression on the spread number. Just how – we had the caps were in the money and lower rates were – came in. So it was different than the forward curve at the time of the third quarter when we gave the 135 to 140 range came in at 134 xviii. So that's the main driver. It's not pricing. Pricing has actually been pretty healthy, relatively speaking, we haven't seen any change in pricing. So anything – if anything, it's really just a simple change in the curve.
John McCallion: Yes, sure. Jimmy, it's John again. So, just as a reminder, for 2023, just rough percentages of the resolution. About 30% was payoff or refinance. Another 60% was these contractual extensions where the borrower has to be in good financial condition. We have some pretty high level of requirements there. So those are contractual. If you meet those requirements, then you have the right. And they generally be – tend to be more floating rate nature loans, where they're just waiting to lock in fixed rates. There's less than 10% on just, I'll say, maturity extensions. Where we agree with the borrower, there's a good positive situation for us to extend, and then there's kind of a couple of points of foreclosures. In terms of 2024, about 10% of the balance comes due. In terms of maturities, the overall PBO that we have, I'd say that in terms of resolutions, probably a similar mix to what we saw in terms of percentage. And I think in terms of – we gave a little bit of magnitude this past year in terms of what we thought were at risk loans and level of charge offs. Our view in 2024 is that we'd see a similar order of magnitude on both loans at risks and level of charge offs as well.
John McCallion: And I would just add Elyse, I mean, just too kind of put a finer point on just the financial flexibility and the fungibility of that, I mean, we might, because we have excess capital at the OpCo, we might think differently at the Holdco, it'll depend, right? I mean, I don't think we have to necessarily have it all at the Holdco. We have a range of 3 to 4. It might give us some ability to manage more differently within that range because we have access at the OpCos, I think we just want to, I think the flexibility is the key point.
John McCallion: Hey, good morning, Alex, it's John. I'd love to say that we have great insights into the, as a result of having the lag, but I'm not so sure that has proven out the way we thought it would each quarter. I think all we know is that we think, we kind of believe that it'll bump along the, kind of the bottom again before becoming a more meaningful contributor in the outer quarters. We think managers, even though the S&P jumped up in the quarter; it was kind of late in the quarter. We believe managers will be a bit cautious in their yearend remarks and maybe remain conservative before writing investments up based on some of the public market multiples. So that's kind of our base case assumption. We don't have a lot of insight yet in actual financial statements that have come through. So obviously those will come through as we move through the quarter.
John McCallion: Yes. Hey, good morning, John. It's John. So, as we said, this is something that we look at each third or fourth quarter where we conduct our experience study. This is an exposure where there is a declining claim count, but what hasn't declined as expected or as fast as expected is some of the severe claims. So the larger claims, and that's really what we trued up this quarter. Again, it's kind of a runoff claim count exposure. We've been seeing that for some time. But in the last 12 months, we just saw a slightly different trend that we needed to adjust for. I mean the overall reserves just above 350 million.
Michel Khalaf: Yes, I think when we announced the deal, we thought this would give us 50 points to 60 points. We still think it will. There’s a little bit of what happens immediately and then how things trend in over time. Also, there’s a lot of other things going on, fungibility, growth. We had some very sizable growth in RAS. So, we deployed some extra capital this year. So, I think a lot of those things. But in terms of the deal economics that we outlined at time of signing, everything came in as expected.
Michel Khalaf: Yes. Hi, Elyse, it's Michel. Thanks for the question. So we talked about the reinsurance transaction as providing us with significant financial flexibility. And as you heard from John, our RBC ratio is approximately 400%. And I would just note here that the 5.2 Holdco cash does not yet include any of the reinsurance proceeds. So the excess capital is sitting in our statutory entities and it will ultimately migrate to the Holdco. We view excess capital as fungible and we will redeploy it over time. And in the absence of attractive organic or inorganic growth opportunities as I think we've built a good track record in terms of being deliberate and expeditious, post major divestitures and how we return capital to shareholders. And as you've seen since we closed on the transaction, we've leaned into buybacks especially in January. I wouldn't sort of consider January as monthly run rate for the full year, but we're going to continue to be opportunistic here. Hope that helps.
Michel Khalaf: Yes. Hey, John, I don't have that number handy. Specifically in terms of employee count. The best thing you could look at for an indicator for that is just overall employment levels because we have a very diversified book up and down market. It's highly diversified by industry. So you could think of us as reflecting the broader economy in terms of our employee count. But the one that I would look at more closely is, and this is where we see a lot of white space with respect to employee counts, is the penetration rate in the workspace. We still see plenty of opportunity to drive penetration of our own products, be they voluntary or employee paid. And that's through the deployment of the right technology, the right tools, the right engagement capabilities. And that's really what's been fueling our voluntary growth over the past few years. And that's where we see continued future growth opportunities.
Ramy Tadros: Good morning, Tom. It's Ramy here. And I would say at the highest level in terms of our near-term outlook here is, this is driven by the changing business mix, both in terms of the customer segments that we serve as well as the products that we offer. So from a customer perspective, we've executed well on our strategy to target higher growth in regional markets. We're seeing the benefits of that. In terms of growth, regional markets has grown two to three percentage points higher than the overall average, and we see a clear path for that growth to continue. And regional market is a segment that does carry a lower loss ratio across both the life underwriting ratio and non-medical health. And we're also seeing a shift from a product perspective. We've executed well on our employee paid strategy in general, and voluntary strategy in particular and in voluntary we've seen double-digit growth over many years and we expect that to persist in the future given customer needs and the opportunity to drive penetration in the workplace. And the loss ratio here tends to be also more favorable to the overall portfolio. So between that customer segment and that product view, if you think about this over time, we feel kind of a shift to the outlook is warranted. Let me tell you what it's not been driven by. On the Life ratio, this quarter was very favorable and it's really driven, as John pointed out, to the population mortality experience. So this is not one quarter makes a trend, this is one quarter here that was favorable. And we do expect the Q1 numbers to tick up given the seasonality of Life claims. And then on the disability side, our outlook in terms of the ratios does include an expectation that the profitability of our disability line of business will moderate over time. But that is outweighed by the other factors that I've just mentioned. And back to Q1 as well, there – just remember, there's also seasonality in that ratio in Q1 given the seasonality of the dental business. So net-net, think about it as business mix, customer and product mix. That's really driving this shift downwards in the ranges.
Ramy Tadros: Good morning, Elyse. It's Ramy here. I think you're right to point out that kind of the, we've seen less of that seasonality where we're seeing deals being done throughout the year. Our outlook there remains pretty positive. We continue to see a very healthy pipeline, in particular, a pipeline at the larger end of the market where we are most competitive. And all the macro indicators in terms of what DB plan sponsors are saying, in terms of the funding level, the magnitude of assets sitting in frozen defined benefit plan all kind of indicate expectations of continued kind of high level of activity in this market into 2024. So no change in terms of our view of the robustness of the pipeline and look, if you step back and look at RIS more broadly, the liability exposures are up 3% year-over-year. And most of that growth is coming from our spread and in general account business, which is actually growing at 4%, and that's coming off 2022, where we had the $8 billion PRT deal. And that growth is not just PRT. I mean, PRT was about $5.3 billion, but we're also seeing continued strength across a range of spread-based products, be they structured settlements and be they some of our products in our risk solutions business, and so on.
Ramy Tadros: Thanks, Alex. It's Ramy here. I would say we're really off to a strong start in 2024. If you look at 2023, overall sales were up 9% year-over-year, as John mentioned. And we saw a very strong persistency in line with our expectations. And we also saw the rate actions that we were able to take also in line with our expectations across market segments. So while there is competition and it is a competitive market, when we think about pricing as well as persistency, I think all the non price factors of differentiations that we've talked about in the past are playing into our favor here. And we've been able to hold margins and as you've seen, we've expanded the margin outlook. One, [ph] I can give you a bit of a flavor on that. We're still in the midst of it, but initial indications in terms of our sales growth are in the 5% to 10% again year-over-year with really solid growth across the product portfolio, across both core and voluntary. So these are really good indicators for us both in terms of volume and margin as we look into 2024.
