Steven Goulart: Jimmy, it's Steve Goulart. Thanks for the question. And I think John gave some details and color on it but our new money yield rose again this past quarter. 471 was the actual number and that shows continued improvement. I think a reflection of what we're seeing in the market, obviously, with interest rates rising. And so we're very pleased with what it means for our general account investing. We're obviously going to continue to see the portfolio yield rise as a result of that given that our roll-off has been now for the last couple of quarters also lower than our new money rates. I would also just remind everybody, though, that things can be a little bit volatile quarter-to-quarter, just looking at the existing book of assets that we have, with the roll-off of maturity characteristics of those are. This was -- we look and see some big blocks that rolled off this past quarter and there'll be things like that in the future as well. But I think what's important is to think about what the trend is. The trend is positive. We continue to see and expect our new money yield to increase and continue to expect to see widening spread over the existing portfolio and that's obviously positive for net investment income.
Steven Goulart: Tom, it's Steve Goulart. I think John and I will tag team on this a little bit. But just in thinking about what's happening in the market and trading and losses and the like. First thing I'd say is losses are not unexpected in this environment, just given rising rates. Although I would note that they're down significantly from where they were last quarter which I think shows sort of a more moderating environment in that respect. And again, like I said last quarter, it's usually pretty easy to decipher understand why we're taking losses. It's a combination of rotating temporary assets into permanent assets and things like PRTs and other longer-term liabilities. And also just funding outflows and cash flow needs of the different businesses, whether it be surrenders or capital markets and the like. So that sort of sets the stage. Again, down from last quarter as we would expect. And obviously, this is something though that we do manage and John can talk a little bit about the capital impacts.
Steven Goulart: I'd say probably several points just thinking about VII and specifically, the alternatives portfolio. First is just remember our guidance. We've been very consistent for several years in that. 12% is our expectation every year when we're going to planning, 3% a quarter. And I'd say that even now looking forward to the last part of your question, I wouldn't anticipate that changing. That's just how we think about this portfolio. The second thing is really our experience. And we've talked a lot about this, too, where in general, one of the things that we've always found attractive about the alternatives portfolio is that it does give us equity-like returns but it gives it to us with less volatility and less extremes as compared to some other public market alternatives would. So that's why it's been very attractive to us. Now, we did -- we talked a little bit several quarters over the last couple of years where we saw that relationship be challenged. But when we look at the last couple of quarters, we do think that we're turning to sort of the historical norm in our expectations which is, again, more muted in terms of volatility and extremes but still giving us very attractive returns. So I don't think our outlook would change for it now but we continue to like it for the reasons that we've mentioned.
Ramy Tadros: Jimmy, it's Ramy Tadros here. If you look at our in-force for RIS, the vast majority of our in-force from a crediting grade perspective is fixed. You may see quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in terms of the crediting grid. And clearly, the new business we're writing, while we're running at attractive spreads, it has a higher crediting rate given the market environment. But there is no really increases or pressure on our in-force because that's mostly fixed.
Ramy Tadros: Thanks, Jimmy. It's Ramy again. So I'll give a specific answer to your question. It may be also helpful to give you some broader context. Both our mortality ratio as well as our nonmedical health ratio were clearly favorable in the quarter. But if you look at our results, historically, there's some seasonality to both of those ratios and we'd expect them to somewhat pick up in the fourth quarter just from a seasonality perspective. In terms of the overall market, we remain extremely bullish about this market. And if you were to kind of step back more broadly, you've all heard about the workplace dynamics and how those are changing where we're seeing employees expecting more from their employers and we're seeing employers looking for a variety of levers to attract, retain and engage their talent. And so that's a secular trend that's here to stay and that's providing kind of tailwinds for the entire market. From a competitive perspective, I would say overall pricing is competitive but is also rational. We've talked about this in the past, the short nature of these products, Jimmy, really act as a natural check on any sustained irrational pricing. And the other piece of this market that we kind of like is that you can also differentiate on many factors beyond price such as service and digital experiences to name a few. So some of these things, we believe, are going to provide kind of tailwinds to the overall market and keep the competitive landscape rationale. Now all of these are germane to the entire Group Benefits industry. They're particularly pertinent for us because we are the market leader in this industry across both our core and voluntary products. And that leadership and the strategic focus we've had is really giving us the scale to invest in a broad range of capabilities that we have that allows us to differentiate our offerings. So overall, really pleased with the performance, really pleased with the persistency and continue to see a competitive but rational market here.
Ramy Tadros: Eric, it's Ramy here. I'll answer the second question first. Yes, that's still the rule of thumb still holds and that's how you should think about the earnings run rate of these deals. With respect to the overall PRT market, clearly, I think the headline number to look at is the overall funding level which is going to be helped by rising interest rates and therefore, improve if you fill the affordability and the funding levels of defined benefit plans to engage in any kind of pension risk transfer. Clearly, we've seen -- we're on track to have a record year this year. With respect to PRT, we're extremely pleased with winning our largest deal ever with IBM. And we still see a very robust pipeline in front of us. I mean, we are the market leader here. We have deep experience working with plan sponsors and their advisers on all aspects of pension risk transfers. And we have a very clear strategy in this market. We're focused on the jumbo end of the market. That placed our competitive strengths in terms of our rating, the size of our balance sheet, our investment capabilities and you see large sponsors like IBM are looking for solution providers with a very long track record of being in this business. I'd also note that the jumbo end of the market is the part of the market where the competitive set of providers tends to be somewhat smaller given all the other attributes I've talked about. And the last thing I would point on this market, while we are a market leader and actively engaged, we always have our eye on value and value of new business. Going back to the chart that Michel and John referenced and we want the write business and we are writing business which with ROEs that are well within our enterprise ROE targets.
John McCallion: Ryan, it's John. So as you said, we issued $1 billion of debt back in July. We got some great terms on that and great execution. It's generally used -- it's generally raised for general purposes as well as we do have a maturity coming up in 2023. I think at the present time, we're maintaining flexibility and we'll see how things progress over the next few months. But all in all, we're pretty pleased with our holdco cash and cash flows generally.
John McCallion: Yes, thanks. It's John, again. I'll take that. So as you said, the SMR was down in the second quarter at 6 17 and certainly in the current regime, rising interest rates do impact that. But overall, as you mentioned and I said in my opening remarks, rising interest rates improve the overall economic value of that business. We'll have to monitor the SMR. We can't ignore it but we want to also do things that make sense. And we have a number of internal tools that we can utilize to help manage that temporary impact you would see in the SMR because of the asymmetrical accounting. So overall, the economics is improving, as you mentioned, in a few years' time. They're moving to a more economic solvency framework known as ESR that will better reflect the economics of the business. And right now, we have no concerns over the capital generation or dividend capacity of the business or overall free cash flow for the firm.
John McCallion: That's right. Yes. And I think that's the correct observation. Obviously, there's different accounting that occurs in GAAP versus stat. I think the punch line that I would just leave you with is overall, we actively manage the statutory capital of the operating entities. And as you've seen, there's been a rising rate environment. And I'd say CAC has been very resilient despite the market fluctuations. That's probably how I'd leave it.
John McCallion: Yes. And you're correct, Tom, if you have an IMR balance, would typically get absorbed, we're in that position today. But it's one you have to actively monitor and manage and we plan to do so.
John McCallion: Alex, it's John. Yes, it's a great point. I mean we are focused on achieving solid returns and deploying capital to its highest and best use and ultimately creating value, right? Value is the important number there. And while the IRR and the payback is also -- we don't want to just get focused on 1 metric, the reality is that when we can deploy a great amount of capital to improve value that we're comfortable with, we're going to do it. And I think that it's a great call out I think that you've made. It's not -- we're not just focused on reducing the amount we deploy. We want to deploy more at very attractive returns. And I think that will fluctuate. I mean you can see, I would say, a transition that has happened over time and that's the trend you're seeing. We're at a great point right now where I think to the extent we can deploy even more capital at attractive returns, we're going to do it.
John McCallion: Suneet, this is John. I'll maybe just take it at a high level and maybe touch on -- I referenced in my opening remarks a slight decline in STACK capital. If you think about that, it was about 2%. Part of that -- most of that I'd say was attributable to the large deal we did in the third quarter and the related capital strain, offset by some capital generation as well as we also updated some of our latest estimates on the net positive impact from the C2 updates around mortality and morbidity. So net-net, I think overall, we've been able to self-fund our record years to date. Now your question on the outlook. I think everything is dependent. I mean, volume is a dependent factor in answering that question. But right now, we feel very comfortable with being able to fund within the operating entities, what's needed to successfully grow this business.
John McCallion: Elyse, nothing new to update here. It's still an active market out there. There is still an active set of participants. We continue to focus on optimizing holdings, both from an internal perspective as well as speaking with external participants on opportunities. And as we have been for quite some time. And it's a potential opportunity but it's not one where we feel like we have to do anything and we're being thoughtful about seeing if there is a opportunity one way or the other. So -- but nothing new at this point.
John McCallion: Elyse, it's John again. As you said, total spreads were at 71, ex-VII came in at 101. So year-over-year, up 8 basis points on an ex-VII basis and then down sequentially. Year-over-year, it's -- obviously, the higher interest rates have been beneficial. We have more of these interest rate caps that are in the money that are starting to kind of add to the spread. Sequentially, it was down 2 basis points. In the second quarter, I called out that there were some excess returns in real estate that we expected to moderate they did. So, I'd say third quarter came in pretty much as expected. And then I think the thing going forward here is certainly based on the forward curve which I just pulled up this morning of 3-month LIBOR which is expected to rise to above 5% in the end of the year and beyond into next year. These caps will still be in place and will be additive to the spread. I'd say for fourth quarter, we'd expect spreads all else equal to grow by 5-plus bps.
John McCallion: Wilma, this is John. Good question. I think a couple of things to point out in terms of just third quarter. First, in the first and third quarter, we typically have higher preferred stock dividends by about $30 million. Second, we are running a little heavier on interest costs on debt just because of the $1 billion of debt we raised in July. I think third item is PE returns have been down the last couple of quarters. And then lastly, I called out in my opening remarks that we do get -- we have seen over the last couple of quarters some higher market-sensitive employee-related costs or corporate costs that we referred to. And actually, that probably hit us by about 40 basis points on the expense ratio this quarter. So we are running a little heavy, as Michel commented before, we still expect to meet the 12.3% target despite this. And then I think we'll talk about outlook as we get into our February call. So hopefully, that helps.
John McCallion: Yes. I think that's a pretty simple way of thinking about it, one, you're on. I mean, the currency has basically brought down that run rate over the last couple of quarters. So I think you're right that probably the new number is probably closer to that.
