Michel Khalaf: Hey. Good morning, Elyse. It's Michel. So let me begin by saying that at a high level, we have a well-diversified mix of market leading businesses and I think that diversity was on display and the largely offsetting impact from COVID-19. In addition, we believe that our capital liquidity and investment portfolio are strong, resilient and well-positioned to manage through and come out stronger in this challenging environment. And ultimately, I think this, we believe, underscores the durability of our all-weather next Horizon strategy and our consistent execution across a range of economic scenarios. What I would say around sort of our capital management philosophy is that it has not changed. So we believe excess capital above and beyond what's required to fund organic growth belongs to our shareholders and should be used for share repurchases, common dividends or strategic acquisitions that clear a minimum risk-adjusted hurdle rate. As you mentioned, as you referenced, after we complete our buyback authorization by year-end and the Versant acquisition, we expect to have a cash buffer well in excess of our $3 billion to $4 billion target, but no change in terms of our philosophy and how we would deploy excess capital.
Michel Khalaf: So you may have heard John's opening remarks. We'll give - we're going to have an outlook call in February, and we'll give more color there. But look, I would just give maybe some qualitative commentary to start. One is, we've seen this - we've seen some resiliency here in our spreads. And it goes back to just a diverse set of businesses we have, not just in terms of source of earnings, but even across spread businesses. We have diverse set of spread businesses, some of which do well in a lower rate, steeper curve environment. And then we have longer tail legacy blocks that obviously would have some spread pressure over a long period of time. And so all things considered, I think we've seen a pretty resilient spread levels this year. Nonetheless, I think over time, there would be longer-term pressure on some of those other long-term blocks, but that ignores new business.
Michel Khalaf: Yes. Hi, Nigel, sure. So first of all, I would say this is a well-run, good business, our P&C business. It's been consistently profitable. It generates mid-teen ROEs. And it does have an important strategic connection to our Group business. It also produces a steady source of non-correlated free cash flow. So I think those are the comments that I would make about the business. And as you said, we're not going to speculate or we're not going to respond to any potential rumors here.
Michel Khalaf: Thank you. In closing, I believe our performance in Q3 and so far in 2020, underscores the sense of urgency and laser focus and how this leadership team is executing on our Next Horizon strategy to create long-term shareholder value. I am thankful and proud of the effort and commitment of our employees around the world, who are going above and beyond to deliver for our customers. Please be safe and talk soon.
Ramy Tadros: Good morning, Elyse. It's Ramy here. So with respect to the non-medical health ratio, first, you've got the disability part of that business. Historically, you've seen a linkage, although be delayed linkage between recessions and increases in frequency and lower recoveries on the LTD book. We have not seen that yet. The results continue to track pretty favorably on the LTD side. But there is a lag, and we're continuing to monitor this pretty carefully. On the STD side, the COVID impact has been a push for us, as we look forward. So higher coverage related claims have been offset by lower claims due to delays of elective surgeries, et cetera. So we continue to monitor the LTD book into next year. But I would remind you, we can re-price just shy of 50% of that business every year. So our block is about 13% of our PFOs and about half of that can be re-priced every year. So this is a short term business, and we have a track record of being able to appropriately react to changes in the environment and get the rate changes that we need. On the dental side, this year has been an exceptional year in the sense that we've had all the shutdowns and that are COVID related in the second quarter, and hence, the rationale and the reason why you've set up the unearned premium reserves. As we look forward, in terms of the dental business, as John mentioned, as the quarter progressed, dental offices are more fully opened. And we started seeing utilization levels primarily in September that came in above our typical levels, as the patients made up for those services. And this was offset by the partial release of the dental premium that was set up in the second quarter. Sitting here today, we expect to continue to see above typical utilization levels in the fourth quarter for dental. And you will also see us release the balance of the unearned premium reserve in the fourth quarter for the dental business.
Ramy Tadros: Hey, it's Ramy here. We're clearly pleased with the performance this quarter, and we're exceptionally pleased with the performance, especially in the context of a difficult environment. I mean, think about the rise in unemployment rates, think about we're in the middle of a pandemic as the largest group life insurer in the country and where they're paying claims and fulfilling promises to our customers and beneficiaries.  So just to give you a sense on top line, for the full year, we would expect to be - from a year-over-year perspective, close to the bottom end of our PFO guidance range of 4% to 6% and that's even if you factor in the premium discounts that we've given in Dental. And I would remind you that you should expect to also see top line PFO growth be in double-digits next year with the addition of Versant. So if you're thinking about the top line growth, we still have a pretty robust view of next year.
Ramy Tadros: Hey, Eric. It's Ramy here. So as we've talked about, there are a number of different parts or businesses within RIS, we have seen a significant pickup in sales and stable value deposits this year. A lot of that was driven by individuals seeking the safety, that stable value offers them inside their DC plans. Offsetting that, if you think about the other parts of RIS, we've seen more pressure in the structured settlements business, the institutional annuity business. And a lot of those businesses are rate sensitive. So the value proposition to the customer, if you will, is diminished and lower rate environment. And so think about the volumes there, as being - continuing to be driven by the rate environment. PRT, we're seeing it starting to pick up. As John mentioned, we're looking at a pretty healthy pipeline in Q4. But as we've talked about before, we're not chasing top line here. We continue to be highly disciplined, in terms of our pricing of every single deal that we look at, in the PRT space. And then finally, as you probably have seen, we are now well into our entry into the UK longevity market. So far this year, we're close to $1 billion in sales, in terms of longevity swaps. And we continue to see a robust pipeline there, into Q4 into next year. I would just come back and reiterate for RIS. We've seen a very healthy top line. We've seen very healthy growth in liability balances. But discipline is the name of the game here, in terms of looking for the returns, as opposed to chasing growth.
Ramy Tadros: Hi, Humphrey. Its Ramy here. So in terms of our actual expenses relating to our disability business this quarter, we're running right on line with expectations. So, we're not really seeing any impact here whatsoever. What Michel was talking about is some of our broader investments in technology and platform around disability and absence management. All of those numbers on all of those investments have been baked into our run rate that you've seen over the past many quarters. And our investments here are in areas like pricing sophistication, contract competitiveness, clinical model in terms of the return to health initiatives, which are critical for the LTD business. And we've already seen positive business outcomes and end-to-end disability and absence management solution, which Michel is talking about is already resonating in the market with the larger employers. It includes things like the digital interface for claimants, AI-driven automated claim processing, sophisticated data analytics for employers so that they can understand their workforce. And we're expecting to see growth here, although growth with discipline in this area going forward.
John McCallion: Good morning, Tom. It's John. So let me just start with - I don't think our commentary would change here. So one, as I said before, our focus is on optimizing MetLife Holdings. It's a large and stable well-seasoned in force. It's diversified. It's got a number of natural offsets. It's a good source of sustainable free cash flow. That said, we've continued to take an external perspective in a third-party view of the business. And one, I think it makes us better at managing the business. Two, we need to do this work because it has got some complex - complexity to it. So you need to do the work upfront. And I think it can give us an opportunity to accelerate albeit appropriately, the release of capital and reserves. So I think it was an interesting data point. I think data spreads are still wide. But certainly, as I said before, I think some increases in supply here can narrow that. And I don't think it's changed the sense of urgency we have on how we optimize the business.
John McCallion: Hey, Ryan. It's John. I would just say to start that - I would say nothing is necessarily off the table, but there is a closed block, and then there's an open block that have participating policies associated with it. And I think, certainly, the closed block has different complexity associated with it. Both are very well-performing blocks of business. And as I said before, we have a number of businesses that are actually complementary, have a number of natural offsets, which - some of which you actually saw come through this quarter. But yes, I think just to answer your question directly, certain blocks would have different complexities than others.
John McCallion: Good morning, Suneet. Just as a reminder, we have roughly $50 billion of VA account balances. Half of it is a living benefit guarantee. As we showed you back at Investor Day, and that has been rolling off consistently over time. Having said that, there are certain components of that block that are building reserves and others that are, I'd say, kind of have - kind of settled down in terms of the reserve build. So it depends on which vintage you're talking about.
John McCallion: Good morning, Humphrey. Its John. No, we don't expect any material changes in ongoing run rate earnings as a result of the assumption review.
John McCallion: And Humphrey, it's John. I would just add just to Ramy's point there. In a little bit the way you asked the question, this is all part of the - as we refer to as the efficiency mindset concept, where we continue to drive efficiencies every quarter in the firm and look for opportunities then to redeploy that into strategic reinvestments to support our market leading businesses and doing all of that within our run rate costs. So I would just go back to that point. We made that point at Investor Day, and I think it's a key component for us as we move forward.
