Ajita G. Rajendra: Thank you, Pat, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. We continued to see the benefits in our performance from the housing recovery in the U.S. and our expanding consumer business in China. Here are a few highlights from a very strong quarter. Our organic growth drove sales 13% higher to $549 million. Sales of A. O. Smith branded products in China grew 35%. Our adjusted earnings of $0.52 per share were 33% higher than the $0.39 per share recorded last year. Incremental margins associated with higher volumes of water heaters and boilers were the key drivers of the higher earnings. Based on our solid performance, strong balance sheet, and expected 2013 free cash flow of approximately $100 million, our board increased the allocation of shares available for repurchase by 2 million shares. John will now describe our results in more detail.
Ajita G. Rajendra: This is Ajita. When it comes to pricing, you know that we don't really talk about anything that going forward. And over time, we've been able to balance out commodity prices with pricing in the marketplace, there are ups and downs. But over time, it balances out.
Ajita G. Rajendra: No. I think that we continue to look for acquisitions that fit our strategy. And it goes back to the fact that we are going to be very disciplined in terms of the financial and strategic criteria that we put out, and we're not going to compromise on it. And we've looked -- it's active, we are looking, you can see by some of the increase in corporate expenses that we've gone quite far down the line on some of them. But if it didn't seem right, feel right, and didn't fit strategically, we walked away from it. So it doesn't change anything from a strategic viewpoint, our outlook viewpoint, in terms of how acquisitions fit into our long-term strategy.
Ajita G. Rajendra: The potential to take that product to China is very high. It's going to take some time. The market really hasn't developed in terms of import those types of products. But it's happening. And like anything else in China, it's happening at a very fast pace. So we expect that there'll be a low level of sales later this year going into the first quarter of next year starting out. And for it to start increasing from there. So it's going to take time to build up, but certainly, long-term, there's tremendous potential for that product line and those types of products in China.
Ajita G. Rajendra: What -- this is Ajita. It's kind of a running transition. We don't bring back inventory. It's a running transition that happens at retail where when they run out of series 7, they go into series 8, and they have promotions behind it, et cetera. The other thing that we are now doing much more of is using the older models for our Internet sales. So that, that way we balance out and make sure that we can have a very robust online business that doesn't interfere with our retail business. And so that's another area which we are balancing out and utilizing the older models to manage.
Ajita G. Rajendra: But I think one thing we can say is that, latter part of last year, and last year, we saw the major cities slow down. Now the major cities are coming back up and we are seeing the growth across the board in the large cities also, the mega cities like Beijing and Shanghai.
Ajita G. Rajendra: I think it's, as John said earlier, it's a combination of all those reasons that he mentioned. The new products, our product set, the market, people feeling a little better, part of it. I think that there was a certain amount government -- the government brought in restrictions in housing at the end of last year. And so there was a little bit of a peak in terms of buying at the end of last year. So as people get in, that would have pushed some volume into the first quarter of this year because there was a higher level of activity of people actually buying apartments to get ahead of those restrictions and regulations. So I think it's a combination of all those things that have made the market pretty strong in the first half.
Ajita G. Rajendra: And part of it is because, introducing new products and the new products replacing the older products, that's the normal cycle of doing business in China in the consumer business. So it's not -- so the frequent introduction of new products usually with features and benefits that command a higher price is the norm, in terms of business. So the new products come in, they essentially replace the old products and depending on what we add to the new products, they are usually at higher prices.
Ajita G. Rajendra: And part of what we've been doing during that time is, as you've seen, we've maintained our margins during the time when the volume has dropped. And we've been working really hard at making sure we are improving our processes and becoming really efficient. And you can see the impact of that with the incremental volume which is coming at a very healthy margin.
Ajita G. Rajendra: I think it's going to be -- the ramp-up in China is going to be slow. Like I said that the -- this is the Lochinvar product. It's going to take a while for the product to build up and for the market to be really accepting of this type of product.
Ajita G. Rajendra: The longer term potential is certainly there; it's going to take some time to build up. India on the other hand, the devaluation of the rupee is certainly hurting us. The economy isn't as robust as we had expected. But from a unit volume viewpoint, the business is growing and we are very happy with the growth that they're seeing there.
John J. Kita: Well, we've been consistently using that, Charley, for about the last year. What we're excluding is the small piece of non-branded water treatment business, primarily, is what's being excluded from that.
John J. Kita: On a total basis, it's approaching breakeven. I mean, we had a great quarter in the A. O. Smith branded piece that more than doubled year-over-year, and the sales were over $10 million in the quarter. So it's a -- it had a great quarter, the new products seem to be catching hold.
John J. Kita: I mean, it was across the board. We brought out the new series 8 electric, that was very, very well received. Our super quiet instantaneous product has been extremely well received. As I said previously, our water treatments sit very well during the quarter. And then even some of our energy efficient like heat pump, which is coming off a small base was up significantly. So it was really across the board. But a lot of it was driven by new products. There might have been some stocking of inventory, the best we can tell it wasn't significant, but bringing out the new series 8, there certainly could have been some. But no, it was a fantastic quarter.
John J. Kita: Yes, that's -- we talked about that at the beginning of the year, and that's what we said it was -- the run rate for the year would be, so pension costs were up about $17 million year-over-year, and we talked about why, but yes, we would expect that'll be the same number over the last half of the year, each quarter.
John J. Kita: Well, the whole problem is, there is not a very liquid market in steel. Copper, we're a small user of it, so yes, we do have a few forward contracts. We've explored looking at steel contracts, but it's still in its infancy. And because the markets are not very liquid, the pricing isn't very efficient, but we continue to look at that.
John J. Kita: Well, we don't separate out that. But I will say that Lochinvar has exceeded the 10% growth year-to-date, and their margins are up year-over-year. So the new products they brought out, which we haven't talked about in update, they brought out a larger craft condensing boiler last year. They have expanded that up to 5 million BTU. That's been very well received in the marketplace. So that's contributing to their very nice growth.
John J. Kita: Well, the backlog looks strong and what it should be at this time of the year. Overall, the Lochinvar acquisition is meeting or beating expectations. And it's right on track for our 2015 expectation.
John J. Kita: Well, I think that a good run rate is $12 million to $12.5 million a quarter. We talked about in the notes here that we did have some, I'll call them, onetime or unusual related to acquisition activity that was relatively sizable in the quarter. But I think a reasonable run rate is that $12 million to $12.5 million.
John J. Kita: Same-store sales for both were up very nicely, both Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3. So that continues to be pretty much across-the-board. It was not in any specific region per se.
John J. Kita: Well, as we said in there, we expect -- we've incurred about $2 million in the first half of the year, so $2 million, first half or so on, and $3 million in the second half of the year. 2014 will be the largest year because that's when we'll be starting the implementations, et cetera. We expect to start, as we talked about in the press release, getting benefits late 2015, but at a run rate, annual run rate, in 2016. North America, we expect to have down late in 2015.
John J. Kita: Well, we mentioned that we expect the stores to be in the 5,000 to 5,500 range. They were up a little bit in the second quarter as we opened some in Tier 2 and Tier 3, more Tier 2 and Tier 3. I think we are seeing some benefits as we talked about late last year when some of the inefficient stores were being closed either by us or by our partners. So I think that has provided some value. And again, we -- both us and our partners continue to look at that very closely to make sure the stores make sense.
John J. Kita: I'd say it's a combination. We've said that we will, at the minimum, buy back the comp-related, et cetera. But also, in this situation there's an opportunity as we look out over a period of time to reduce the share count. So I think that it could be a combination of both, but we've said, at a minimum, there will be the incentive-related.
John J. Kita: Well, that's the expense portion of it. We obviously have a capital portion of it also. And that, also, will be in our numbers obviously. So we spent some time with our systems integrator, and we know what you're saying, but our intent is going to be to come on budget.
John J. Kita: No. We really haven't gotten into unit basis because there's so much price mix-type issues. So we've been pretty much talking about dollars, if you will. But units were up at both locations.
John J. Kita: Well, the restrictions were early this year. And in fact, and what we've been told is the decorating aspect normally trails 3 to 6 months after the actual closing, if you will. And so that's -- the comment our people have made to us is certainly the second quarter was helped by that. Clearly though, it's also being helped by the higher price associated with some of the new products. I mean, whether it's series 8, whether it's the super quiet that carries a fairly decent premium, or whether it's the water treatment products that are out there. They all carry higher selling prices, if you will, than their predecessors.
John J. Kita: We're at -- we have said we'll be about between 5,000 and 5,500. We're about 5,450 at the end of the second quarter. I think that's a plus of a couple of hundred units, I think, for the year. And again, those are primarily Tier 2 and Tier 3. We would expect to be in that range. So 5,000 to 5,500.
John J. Kita: At the end of the second quarter, our best estimate is we've moved nicely from about low 80s to about 90% funded at the end of the second quarter. So as we've talked, we have a glide path in place. And we've done some things to de-risk a little bit, if you will. But there's been a big improvement over the first half of the year.
John J. Kita: I won't be specific on steel, but I'll say traditionally, if you look at the commercial market and the residential market, it's traditionally about 52% to 53% first half of the year, 47% to 48% the second half of the year. And that's been pretty consistent over the last 7 years. And you look at -- much of that is affected in the third quarter. So I mean, as we would expect and historically, the third quarter margins get impacted by volume. There's been a slight increase in steel, so it could be affected by that also. But that's what our expectations would be.
John J. Kita: We had some, but not as high as expected. Both our Canadian and our U.S. plants performed better than what we would have expected, so we did have some inefficiencies but not as much as expected.
John J. Kita: No. But I'll say that the operations are performing very well. And what we've consistently said that incremental volume is going to be very beneficial to us. And we saw the first 2 quarters of 2013 were the highest quarters we've seen since 2008. And so I think it kind of supports what we've been saying as we get help from the housing recovery and commercial construction, those will be beneficial and we saw that in the first half of the year.
John J. Kita: I'm not sure how to answer that. I'll say that the commercial market's been interesting. The April numbers were very good. May and June numbers are up, not out; but our May was pretty good. But our June was lower, and significantly lower than the prior year because basically, last year's June was the highest month of the whole year. So we've talked about we get some of this lumpiness, if you will, month-by-month. But we -- so June was lower, not necessarily lower than expectations, but it was lower.
John J. Kita: Yes. We certainly saw that benefit in the first quarter. We had estimated the industry units, I think, were up 4,000, 5,000 units, so we estimated half of that was associated with the pre-buy. That certainly helped us in the second and the first quarter. And it was not a significant effect I don't think on really the second quarter.
John J. Kita: I think the net increase was primarily our specialty stores, primarily. Suning and Gome are kind of floating, they've been closing some and opening some for a net, not much but increase. But I think for the most part, it's been specialty stores. And we've said one of the advantages to us is we have a much smaller footprint. We can much easier open it up in the Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities than our partners who have to build a 5- or 6-store operation, if you will.
John J. Kita: Well, I would say we're up a little bit from last year's second half. And certainly, the first half was a great first half, helped by volume. And we're stepping back and taking a look. I mean, there's some potential headwinds that we're trying to understand with respect to the housing recovery. Obviously, recent housing starts weren't great, interest rates up. So -- I mean, we're taking a relatively positive view. I think last year's second half was about $0.82 or $0.83. And right now, our midpoint would be about $0.87. So again, there's some potential headwinds we're just stepping back and taking a look at. But obviously we've just had a great first half of the year.
John J. Kita: I really can't. I don't really have that data. But obviously, that was a big benefit, is that the 4 major areas where we saw growth were in electric, wall-hung and that clearly benefited from the series 8. The instantaneous side was up significantly and I can tell you the super quiet was a big component of that. The water treatment, as I said, more than doubled and a big component of that was -- that's the combination, I think. The marketplace is much more accepting, understanding now the need for water treatment. But also, we have a unique distinct product which I think has been very well received. So I can't give you a number, but clearly, those 3 were big contributors.
John J. Kita: So when we came out with new features, for example, on the electric series 8 new features and new cosmetics, and we're able to have a price increase associated with that. And as Ajita said, that's been the norm, how we've been operating for the last 10 years in that country.
John J. Kita: We still have significant capacity. You have an industry that in 2006 was 9.6 million units. This year, it's going to be, we're estimating 8.4 million units, so there's still certainly a reasonable capacity. But it's time for us to have to...
John J. Kita: And as we've kind of said, we have to put the infrastructure in place to be able to train, install, aftermarket, et cetera. And also we talked about the licensing requirements there are a little more strict than they are other places. So that's taking a little longer than we expected. But as Ajita said earlier, and we have to bring in new product, a new idea to the marketplace. But they're certainly interested in energy efficiency and we think down the road, it'll be a plus.
Matt J. Summerville: And then just with this ERP, the numbers that you shared with us, John, is that what you're budgeting or what you actually expect to incur from an expense standpoint? I've never seen a company-wide ERP implementation that's been anywhere near budget.
Matt J. Summerville: And that sort of gets to my question, Ajita, what would you attribute that shift or that re-acceleration to? Is it simply your product refresh or are you seeing household formations accelerate, consumer sentiment accelerate upwards? Help me understand what has caused that transition.
Matt J. Summerville: Okay, so that's free cash -- all right, that's free cash after dividends and share buyback. I got it. Okay, perfect.
