Kevin Wheeler: Thank you, Chuck. We project revenue growth for 2022 of 12% to 14%, which is lower than our outlook in April as a result of softening demand in residential and commercial water heating. Our sales assumptions include after approximately 8% growth in each of the last two years, which is well above the historical average growth rate. We estimate US residential water heater industry unit volumes will be down approximately 4% to 6% from last year as industry demand normalizes. We project that commercial gas water heater industry shipments will be flat to slightly down for the year. However, we revised our full year outlook for the commercial water heater industry to be down 7% to 9% primarily due to weakness in the large electric grid greater than 55 gallons. The commercial industry started the year weaker than expected primarily due to a regulatory change that temporarily impacted orders in that product category. COVID-19 related restrictions paid out as we expected in the quarter. Therefore, we maintain our sales projection in China to be flat in local currency compared to last year. As a result of the economic headwinds we are experiencing from COVID related restrictions. Due our strong backlog and stable order rates, we have increased our full year boiler sales growth projection from 18% to 20% to 25% sales growth, driven by increased pricing in response to higher input costs and higher demand for our energy efficient products. We project North America Water Treatment sales growth, inclusive of acquisitions to be approximately 50% in 2022 due to strong water quality dealer performance. Based on these factors, along with the full impact of our 2021 price increases, we expect our North America segment margin to be between 22.5% and 23%. And Rest of World segment margin is to be approximately 9.5% to 10% or 50 or 100 basis points higher than 2021. Please turn to slide 12. ’22 continues to present challenges that our global teams are meeting head on. We are 148 year old company that has continued to grow and innovate through all economic cycles. We believe A. O. Smith is a compelling investment because of our stable replacement business. Combined with exciting growth opportunities in North America Water Treatment business, as well as in China and India. We have premium brands and leading share positions in our major product categories. We estimate replacement demand represents 80% to 85% of US water heater and boiler volumes. The strength of our balance sheet and free cash flow generation support our ability to continue investing for the long term and automation, innovation, new products and acquisitions, as well as returning cash to shareholders, even in times of economic uncertainty. As we have demonstrated throughout our long history, we're able to be successful in all economic cycles. We are focused on meeting the needs of our customers. Our portfolio of strong brands, combined with the investing in technology to drive innovation and new product development, further enhance our market leadership. I'm confident our ability to navigate the complex macro environment and capitalize on opportunities while continuing to execute our strategic objectives. With that we include our prepared remarks and we are now available for your questions.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, I think, as we talked about where we're forecasting the 4% to 6% downturn, and we truly believe, and we saw quite a bit of that in June, where we saw many of our customers can bring in inventories down. And, again, as we go forward, this year we look at it's starting to normalize beginning into August, September and the rest of the year. Where it goes forward, I think it's going to depend upon some new construction, but it's slowed down, but we think is going to come back. And but it is going to normalize somewhere down towards the lower level of that 9 million I think over time. It's just a matter of working through kind of some of the inventories and some of the economic disruptions that we're going through today. But still, you look at it still going to be 80%, 85% replacement emergency is going to be very resilient. And there's always going to be potential upside on the new construction if we can kind of get through this supply chain interest rate issue that we're kind of navigating through today as a country.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, I think it's in the correction right now. Certainly, we believe there was a big correction in June. We're seeing some of it in July. And you step back right now you look at overall in the industry, production has improved, lead times are down. So it's becoming a much more predictable environment. And so with that, I think all of our customers are going to reevaluate. I still think it'll take part of July and maybe a little bit of August, and then kind of normalize as we go through the balance of the year.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes, I'll take that. As we mentioned, we still think commercial gas is going to be flat to slightly down. So that's moving along. But the regulatory change that we experienced in the first quarter, we're seeing our orders normalize. But as we go forward, we believe of the 7% and 9% that we have forecasted being down almost 90% positive, it's going to be in that light service, commercial electric, we just don't see the industry rebounding from a slow start in a quarter. So that's the backdrop of why we're going down, the rest of the commercial businesses quite strong and doing well. And maybe just kind of a reference point that the light service goes into homes and really kind of small businesses. And when you look at our commercial overall business, there's about a 4x or 5x to our commercial overall business, excluding the light service when it comes to price. So it's on the lower end of our pricing curve, but it does drive volume. And we just see now with better visibility, that we need to bring the industry down from a unit standpoint, but feel pretty good about our commercial gas and condensing gas and where that's going.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes, the only thing I might add is even though China has gone through some COVID related lockdowns. We've seen our new products do well. We've seen trade up continue to grow. It's growing for the last couple of years. So we have some positive mix issues here. It's not only in North America, but also we see that also in China.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes, I'll take the magnitude and maybe Chuck, you can jump in on any of the pricing side of it. Certainly, we haven't seen this type of backlog, we're in the three to four month range, to be honest with you. And it's mainly commercial. So what's important to know here in our backlog is we actually have shift days for the vast majority of all our orders in house. So there may be a put and take that we see where a job gets pulled in, maybe gets kicked out a little bit. But overall, we see nothing that would cause a material change, the backlog is the -- market remains very active, the jobs continue to move forward. Again, labor gets in the way a little bit. But overall, we have a lot of comfort in our backlog and primarily that it's mostly commercial condensing products, which are the heart of our business.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes, okay. When we talked about replacement demand, there's two components of it, you have kind of the proactive replacement, and then you have the emergency replacement. The proactive side, which is renovation, probably driven by kind of remote work had been pretty strong, we saw that, it's coming down a little bit, we test that every quarter and have a good read on that. As far as the overall emergency replacement that will always remain resilient. I mean, people just don't go without hot water for any length of time. So yes, the residential visit has those components. Again, I just want to remind people that 50% of our business is that new construction. So even if it drops a little bit, it's pretty nominal for us. And but it's nice upside and as we go forward. But that's how it plays out. And we feel pretty comfortable with our 4% to 6%. And again, as I mentioned the, I think a lot of the channel inventory adjustments would come out in June and July and a little bit of August. From a shared perspective, we have really good data on that. We talked about this last year and into the quarter that we were a little bit behind. We really expected, I expected that it would normalize as production came up and lead times came down. And that's actually playing out really well on the residential side. I will tell you, we're slightly up moving towards our normal historic market shares. And I'll just throw in commercial, we're already back to our normal rates.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes, I guess the first point of some of our water treatment is it's a much affordable much more affordable product. So this is our first time going through some type of cycle here. Certainly, it will be some discretion there with people, but the way we look at it is the penetration, the awareness is going to continue to go up. And there's a consumable part that we had that it's continued to grow. It's about 50% of our business today. So we -- it's not as, maybe not as resilient as water heaters. It's not a must have. But it's got some built-in components that help offset some of the downturns, but just people becoming more aware of having healthy and clean water. So we think it's going to perform fairly well to any type of economic cycle.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes, I'll quickly touch base on that. Nothing new from our perspective, yes, their plant is open, but their market activity from our perspective, and what we're getting feedback hasn't changed. In fact, if anything, they're moving away from our customers, our retailers and wholesalers and trying to maybe look at more builders and that type of thing. So can’t anticipate what the future is going to be with them? But right now it's kind of the not a big change from what we saw other than they, they're manufacturing a few products in their US plant.
Kevin Wheeler: Again, that's going to be very speculative. The reason I feel confident in the water heater market is I'd still go back to and again, I'm not sure when it's going to normalize. But new construction, there's still a deficit out there. And that's going to continue to grow and move forward. So that's what gives me confidence in the market, a stable replacement side of it. And, yes, again, and quite frankly, as things get a little tougher people do more renovation. But I think it's, if you look at our history the growth rate in the residential water heater market, it's been at that couple percent range. And I think as I go forward, I just think it's going to adjust down, we were in a very hyper inflated market have a lot of money out there, and everybody benefited from it. But I think over time, that's going to just normalize to kind of a run rate that we've seen in the past. The great news of it, though, there's more water heaters out there today, and that's going to go out 10-14 years, that's going to play really well for the industry and for our company. So that's kind of the high level, it's really hard to get into much more detail than that, Scott.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes, Scott, I echo that, we talked about it, it is about a couple of years now. And so a lot of our premium products have feature of benefits that still consumers in China are willing to pay for. So we're very pleased with our new products. And we're really pleased to see the upper end continue to move in that kind of northeast direction.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes, I'll jump in here is that's almost a possibility. And so the way we looked at as we go into the year, and things have changed as this year started kind of evolved to where we're at today. The $400 million is pretty much a locked in number for us. Each year, we evaluate where we like to go. So we'll take another look as Chuck said in 2023 but we do think there's some opportunity as we get into the back half of this year with a number of our M&A targets and things are changing and we want to be prepared and have the balance sheet to take action if those opportunities come our way.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, let me separate that to a residential heat pump versus a commercial heat pump, because I think they're both different markets. The residential heat pump is still an upsell product, it's one of the best value propositions we have in our company. But it's a 3x or 4x regular electric water heater, and there's some installation challenges. There are quite a bit of subsidies out there, whether it be up to state city, which is helping, and that's going to continue to grow. I mean, there's no doubt that it'll grow. It'll grow at a moderate pace, I believe, unless it's regulated in, but it's going to continue to grow. And it's going to be a long-term product for our company in our industry. But it's still a relatively small part of our overall volume. Commercial heat pump is even there's a lot of activity out there. But that's trailing the residential side, just because it does have some size to the installation. And it requires a tank. There's a number of things that have to go along with it, and it's better for new construction than it is for retrofit. But we see that growing we see activity in it. We obviously have products that we participate in, but I think both of those categories are going to grow at a percentage rate pretty high but as an overall volume still going to be more of an upsell product unless there's some regulatory changes that come.
Chuck Lauber: Sure. Good morning, Mike. This is Chuck. Yes, we're really pleased now China perform for the quarter. We, on our last call talked a little bit about consumer demand being down 35% to 40%, in April, and as you recall that was really the hardest and the severe lockdowns in Shanghai and Beijing. But what we saw in consumer demand for the course of the quarter was consumer demand and it was down about 20%. First quarter was down around 10%. So second quarter average are down around 20%. And as we came out of the second quarter, and what we're seeing in July is we're down about 5% to 10%. So the consumer demand went through pretty well to kind of back to the first quarter. So we're -- then our assumption and guidance is that it stays at that level, kind of for the rest of the year. Inventories, they're flat to down a little bit in the channel, from the first quarter to the second quarter. So they are in a really good position. There's about three to four weeks in the inventory -- in the channel. And that's pretty normal for us, it's at a decently low point. And I'd say we're pleased with 9% in operating margins for the quarter on that lower volume. Some of that was helped by discretionary spending, as we mentioned, that's probably $3 million or so of help on discretionary spending. I'm talking about promotions, advertising, and very little travel for the quarter, as you can imagine in the lockdown situation. And we would expect through the second quarter or third quarters, similar ability to kind of demonstrate this controlling discretionary spending, probably back to spending in the fourth quarter. As that's our largest typical quarter in China. And probably, our projection is to turn that back on. And we would hope for a strong fourth quarter similar to last year.
Chuck Lauber: Yes, just a little more color on the tough comp, right. So that Q2 shipments last year were and I think Kevin mentioned on the call record, but that's inclusive of 2006. So really strong 2021 Q2.
Chuck Lauber: Yes, just quantifying the lead times too because we came into the year at 25 day lead times, and we're pretty much on the residential side back to normal 15 day lead time. So kind of progression through the quarter, we went from 25 to 20, in Q1, and then at the end of Q2, two were at 15 day range. So those normalizations have happened in the first half of the year.
Chuck Lauber: Yes, I mean just a little background color on this steel pricing, because, yes, you're right, your reference of kind of the peak to where they've gone is a pretty big Delta on steel pricing, but kind of the mechanics of what we see. And what we see in cost is not necessarily the peak, it's kind of a weekly average, monthly average, quarterly average that we see 90 to 100 days later. So we're never really at the peak, we're probably never really at the trough. So those are a bit muted from kind of the highlights top and bottom end. And then we see that 90 to 120 day lag. So Q1, we had our highest cost, some of the improvement we saw in Q2 was the result of this little improved steel cost, steel pricing. And we do expect that to, as you noted, we've seen indexes come down, we pretty much know what steel will be for Q3 and we projected in Q4 it will be down a bit too, so we do expect to see some benefit on the steel pricing. It's a little muted from those peaks and troughs, and comes a little delayed. And as far as pricing, we always consider the competitive nature in the marketplace and kind of look at abate in some pressure, not just for steel for other costs. And I'll just say kind of the other cost we're experiencing have been pretty resilient, pretty stable, that are still out there, including freight, logistics and delay.
Chuck Lauber: Yes, I'll start out and Kevin may add on a little bit after that, but I mean, the puts and takes. It’s price versus costa and it's what we are seeing a bit of softening on the steel pricing. So we're getting a little bit of help there. But it's not just the water heating side, it's also pricing that we're going to have implemented in the fourth quarter on both the boiler side of the business and water treatment side of the business. So we've got some second quarter announced price increases that are in the market that should help us a bit in the back half with the margins. Also we had a bit of destabilization during the quarter of water rates on the residential side. And we expect that the plants probably will run a little bit smoother during the back half of the year, during the quarter, our water rates on the residential side, and we expect that the plants probably will run a little bit smoother during the back half of the year. So we would expect a little bit of help there. And then there's a bit of mix opportunity, right, so residential is down in the quarter and residential, we see for the year down 4% to 6%. But as Kevin mentioned, we still feel good about commercial, particularly gas commercial product being strong for the back half of the year. And then boilers and our backlog for boilers is still pretty resilient. And we expect and it's typical that the boilers are strongest in our boiler business is strongest volume in the third quarter. So we would help on the -- we expect help on the mix side also.
Chuck Lauber: Yes, I mean, it's hard to call out exactly what's COVID and what's the overall economy in China. So it's really hard to parse that but clearly, we were impacted negatively by COVID. And consumer demand out the door was down about 20%. So that was kind of out the door demand. I would say just kind of within our product categories, certainly the residential products were challenged most so I would say, electric water heaters and water treatment were probably the most challenge during the quarter, commercial water heating, commercial water treatment, the commercial side that's not sold through retail, kind of offset some of that 20% down which viewed as the number for overall sales volume.
Chuck Lauber: And on the pricing side, and on the water treatment side, going forward, in both for the boiler side and water treatment side, kind of expect to see it come in end of third quarter and in the fourth quarter, but water treatment kind of mid-single digits to 10% price increases depending on product category, similar for the boiler products in that 8% to 12% depending upon product category.
Chuck Lauber: Yes, it's historic, well, we expect it to be pretty stable. I mean, the replacement component of that business is very similar to the water heater side, and that 80% to 85%. So the replacement piece continues to be resilient. Usually the commercial side would typically lag the residential side, you've got projects in progress, and you’ve got quoting that's happening in advance. And so it's a little more stable and longer. And I, the last recession, on the boiler side, which was 2006 - 2007, the boiler business was impacted, but not as much as the rest of the business, particularly because of some of the underlying growth drivers that you have on the replacement, and high efficiency, most of our products just as reminders, high efficient, energy efficient product that pretty resilient in downturns because of the energy efficiency nature that continues to want to drive a replacement.
Chuck Lauber: Sure. I mean, premium I'll just, premium side of the market is so about, the low end is about 40% premium on the electric water heater side, the high end is nearing 50% premium on the water and the gas and the gas tankless and then water treatments kind of in between. So not a great deal of change of little uptick on the electric side, we introduced a couple new products, a good dual tank, slimline product on the electric that we're hoping to get some traction on, which bumped that up a bit.
Chuck Lauber: Well, quarter-over-quarter for electric it was up and we think it's -- it is due to some new products. Hard to say there a lot of movement. But when we track the upper part of the market and what the industry is telling us from a third party, still positive movement, so still an uptick from the last quarter. Not a large uptick but only positive.
Chuck Lauber: Yes, I mean, we did have enough $400 million I think last year were 380-ish or something like that and change. So we're still a little bit of an uptick to historically. I think as we go into this cycle, and we'll have to see how it plays out. But there could be some real opportunities on the M&A side, we want to make sure we're in a position to be able to capitalize on those opportunities. So that's one way to get it. The other is see we're projecting to be at that $400 million now, we don't have intentions to increase it on this call. But we'll continue to watch it as we have and see what the economy does and what our price does so.
Chuck Lauber: Yes, this is Chuck. I won't go beyond this year. But when you think about kind of the detrimental margins, and we're really just talking about residential water heater detrimental margin, and then what Kevin mentioned, the light commercial, so you probably think of that in the 35%, detrimental margin range. Steel cost, we've kind of got those visibility, and we have visibility into those costs through the third quarter for sure. And we're starting to see visibility into second. So we feel pretty good about that. So that's probably the next largest driver. And then the stabilization of order rates, as we expect we had a little bit of a disruption in the end of June, and in July here on residential order rates, we would expect plants to perform a little bit better during the back half of the year, and the commercial mix is also favorable. So we expect some help on commercial mix. And if you kind of think about the cadence for the back half of the year we're going to, our guidance is 22.5 to 23, right. And we're kind of tracking below that right now. So we do expect a decent uptick in Q3. And then incrementally Q4 as some of those price increases, I mentioned that water treatment and lock-in and boilers come in. And as we see probably our most favorable steel, for sure, in the fourth quarter. So that's how we kind of think about that margin expansion.
