Ajita Rajendra: Thank you, Pat, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. A double digit sales growth in the third quarter was driven by continued strong demand for our consumer products in China and positive end markets for our boilers and residential water heaters in North America. Here are few highlights. Sales grew 10% to $750 million. Currency fluctuations had a negligible impact to sales in the third quarter. China sales were up nearly 13%. A. O. Smith branded water treatment sales grew 31% year-to-date and air purification product revenue doubled. So record setting earnings at $0.54 per share were 15% higher than our third quarter earnings per share in 2016. We are delighted to work on the Hague team to the A. O. Smith family, through our acquisition of the U.S. based water softener company in early September. Hague fits squarely in our acquisition strategy to grow our global water treatment platform. We are excited about the global opportunities, Hague's innovative and high quality products bring us as well as Hague’s experience water quality dealer network. We continue to review our capital allocation and dedicate a portion of our cash to return to shareholders. Through the first nine months of 2017, we repurchased approximately 1.9 million shares for $103 million. We announced a 17% increase to our dividend earlier this year. The five year compound annual growth rate of our dividend is over 25%. A. O. Smith joined the S&P 500 Index in July. We are honored to join this prestigious group of U.S. Company. Our inclusion is a significant milestone in our company’s rich 143 year history. John will now describe our results in more details beginning with Slide number 4.
Ajita Rajendra: Thank you, John. We project revenue growth to be between 11% to 12% for the year. We expect Aquasana and Hague sales could be nearly $60 million this year and slightly accretive to earnings. Aquasana sales were up nearly 18% in the first nine months of this year compared to last year. Including North America water filter and softener sales, we expected on global, water treatment product sales will be approximately $300 million in 2017. We project full year depreciation of the Chinese currency will be 2% from 2016, resulting in a $20 million headwind to sales. Specific to our North America segment, we project U.S. residential water heater industry volume will increase over 300,000 units in 2017 due to new construction and expansion of replacement demand. This assumption includes tankless units. We project U.S. commercial water heater industry volumes will be approximately 10% higher this year, primarily due to strong demand for electric units as well as an anticipated pre-buy in advance of regulatory change driven price increase effective January 1. Lochinvar branded products grew 17% in the third quarter and 9% in the first nine months of 2017, driven by solid demand for boilers and new product related market share gain. We expect the total portfolio of Lochinvar branded products to grow over 8% in 2017. As a result of rising steel costs, we increased prices by approximately 4% on the majority of our U.S. water heater products effective in late August. These factors lead us to expect our North American segment operating margin to be similar to 2016 margin of 22.1%, despite a 40 basis point headwind to operating margin from North America water treatment. Specific to our rest of world segment, our China sales grew 13% in the third quarter and we expect over 15% growth in local currency for the full year. We expect improved profitability in India due to scale in our water heater business.  We expect improvement in China margins in the fourth quarter resulting in full year margin of approximately 15% and flat to last year. As a result, we now expect rest of world segment operating margins will be similar to last year. Our total company organic growth model continues to assume 8% growth for the foreseeable future. Especially in these uncertain economic times, we believe our organic growth potential and our stable defensive replacement markets which we believe represent approximately 85% of North America water heater and boiler volumes positively differentiates A. O. Smith amongst other industrial companies.  Coupled with growth and stability, we have a strong balance sheet poised to take advantage of strategic acquisition that adds shareholder value, as well as allow us to return cash to shareholder. That concludes our prepared remarks and now we are available for your questions.
Ajita Rajendra: Yeah, I think if we went back two years ago, we would have said the rate of our build out would have been slower and I think we’re just going to faster because we see the opportunity longer term.
Ajita Rajendra: So when we look at the fourth quarter, that’s always our highest volume quarter. We would expect that to be the highest volume this year also. So we are going to get contributions. We would expect SG&A will be down a couple of points and that is the combination of the engineering cost not being high, as high and the SG&A not being as high as a percent with advertising being lower. We have talked over the years that those spends could be lumpy and they clearly were in the second and third quarter and we are comfortable they will be lower in the fourth quarter. So I think you are right. We have a fairly aggressive fourth quarter but with the higher volumes, we think we will get a little favorable mix from new – introduction of a new electric unit and then lower SG&A, we are comfortable with the estimate.
Ajita Rajendra: Yeah, and we expect Lochinvar to be up. We expect residential to be up nicely in the fourth quarter. So those two and then we do expect some pre buy from the regulatory changes that’s happening on the electric units on the commercial. So it’s a combination of all three zones that’s why we think sales will be up nicely in the fourth quarter.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, we don’t think there was any pre-buy, I mean I will tell you in September residential was strong, but I mean the price increase that already been put in by August 1, so – I mean by I guess September 1. So any pre-buy we think would have happened in August if you will, so no. But September residential was strong and Lochinvar had a greater quarter, I mean their boiler business was up 25%. You break that into three pieces, their residential was up over 30, their condensing which is the big commercial boiler was up high single digit and then their non-condensing which we have talked about historically is their smaller business, but that was almost double and that’s the reflection of a new product that they brought out, 2.5.million to 5 million BTU. They did have a large order in China well about $3 million during the quarter and so that clearly helped that to add a 3 or 4 points of growth. And that’s from a distributor. We are also selling that product in China through our A.O. Smith operation. We expect that product will sell $15 million this year and with 12 or 13 of it in China. So Lochinvar just had a very good quarter, they grew margins, they grew sales significantly and we are very pleased year-to-date they are up about 9% and we are certainly comfortable with the 8% growth that we talked about earlier in the year portfolio.
Ajita Rajendra: Yeah, I think not much to add, am just reinforcing the fact that we are very comfortable with the 15% annual growth in China in local currency which is what we’ve always said. And it is going lumpy especially China is driven a lot by different selling holidays and things like that, that make the spending and the sales from year-to-year can vary from one quarter to the other. So from that perspective, each quarter may seem lumpy, but for the year on an annual basis we are very comfortable with the guidance that we have given.
Ajita Rajendra: With what 60 is the full year Hague and Aquasana and that’s about our incremental of about 40 over the prior year because we didn’t have Hague and we only had Aquasana of course from August of ’16. So the incremental was 40 and the total water treatment in North America this year will 60.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, the biggest issue is the pension contribution, so that’s 20 plus, about $20 million of that. We did not have that in our estimate. Probably the other most significant item is, we are probably building more inventory for our water treatment move that’s going to occur in the first quarter and late second quarter then what we had planned and so that certainly benefactor but nothing out of the ordinary. We’re still very comfortable with our days’ sales outstanding and et cetera.
Ajita Rajendra: Yeah, and some of that build is demand driven because I mean the business is continues to grow very well and so we’re anticipating that. In that transition we want to make sure that we don’t lose out in any other revenue.
Ajita Rajendra: I am comfortable with were we are now and the outlook that we have. And what you say from periodical perspective, we are going to be order of magnitude a billion dollar business which says it $150 million of new revenue every year, okay. So for the foreseeable future, we are comfortable. As soon as we see that is something that we say what we’re going to have to turn that down a little, we will let you know. We will make sure that we communicate that to our investors. 
Ajita Rajendra: Yeah and also it is part of the strategy as we’ve talked about is to get into new categories, to leverage our brand and distribution getting into new categories. So we’re not counting on just the same portfolio businesses to bring us that incremental growth every year, okay. So we balance that in terms of the right time to get into it and to leverage the infrastructure that we have in China.
Ajita Rajendra: And so incremental margins will be better than the average certainly but we have not put out the number.
Ajita Rajendra: You know just to add a little more color to that, the changes John talked about have not happened overnight evolutionary type changes that are happening. From going back to your question on the competitive environment, yeah I’ve always said China – the market in China is very, very competitive. You got all of the major players in the world there and they’re all bringing in new products and being in a very competitive branded consumer appliance business. So none of that has changed, it’s always been very competitive.
Ajita Rajendra: And I think if you look at it from a longer term macro perspective, you know China is just completed or completing this week the latest communist party congress and you know you take headline coming out of that it’s a continuation of the policies which drives urbanization, drives more consumption based growth and those things form a macro perspective also help us and really reinforce our strategy.
Ajita Rajendra: Yeah, we’ll be able to define it more three months from now. But just the team in China is very – they are used to doing this because they are constantly expanding building new factories and moving operations into new factories. And as John said that entails obviously in the new factory potentially higher depreciation which we will see in this factory. But at the same time, you know we’ve designed this to have fairly significant operational benefits in terms of productivity. So we see both.
Ajita Rajendra: And these are Hague, you know water softener is made by Hague, branded A. O. Smith selling in China.
Ajita Rajendra: And I guess I make another comment Scott, which is you know not a quantifiable comment obviously but it may try and touch what you are saying. You know we just couple of weeks ago faced a ASA meeting which is the annual meeting where we have all of our distributors and you know there was you know people were pretty optimistic. I can’t quantify that but you know people felt good about where things where.
Ajita Rajendra: And I think that summarized it well. And you know as we – you know the advertising and things like that in a branded consumer clients business that’s a – those are things we need to do especially when we get into new categories and we just had some research come back that our brand is getting better and better known and very well known in these new categories. And as John said when it comes to water treatment which we feel has a huge, huge long term potential in China, we’re the market share leader. So we feel pretty good about that. From a competitive situation, it’s like I said earlier to a question earlier in the presentation, it’s a very competitive market and it continuous to be that. And I don’t see any material change either up or down from a competitive perspective.
Ajita Rajendra: Yeah, I think the key difference then Jeff you got a good memory, we are going back to the activation but we felt that’s the time we did the acquisition. But that there would be a market for the condensing boilers in China that there was a market that is growing. What’s taken time is that we didn’t see that condensing boiler demand grow in China but what we did is continued demand for the lower efficiency non-condensing type products in China. Lots of reasons for that, low energy cost, I mean lots of reason for that. So we literally designed some products which are very conducive for the Chinese market and fit the market needs in China and we are actually selling those products two different ways in China. We are selling them a blocking wall manufactured products, branded blocking wall in China through one set of distribution. And then we also manufacturing those products in China and selling them under the A. O. Smith brand name. So – and both those are being very successful. So it is a change it’s that we’ve recognized that there was market for the non-condensing products, design some products for the Chinese market and we brought them out saying the last 12-15 months and they have been very successful. So we are very happy about that.
John Kita: So, water treatment was up about 13% in the quarter and it’s up in local currency year-to-date about 35%. And we would expect for the year is going to be after that range of 30 or so in local currency. Air purification was up 75% in the quarter is more than double year-to-date and we would expect it to be more than double for the year. Didn’t touch, what was your last – was it something else.
John Kita: Yeah, sure. For example, yeah, water treatment margins were down about 6 points in the third quarter and that acquainted almost all the decline in the margins for the quarter and that was truly engineering and also investment in new retail outlets. We are at about 7000 – we’re in 7000 stores approximately and then we have on important some special zones et cetera. I guess Ajita will comment, we think that growth will slow as we look to the next couple of years because we have been building it all pretty aggressively over the last two years.
John Kita: And also Sam I think that the results, especially this quarter, but it’s being building, as reinforced us the global demand for that Lochinvar product and the global opportunity that we have in leveraging the product and capability with our existing distribution and presence in various country.
John Kita: Well, I guess I will say and Ajita you can add, I mean we have never said that we are going to have quarterly growth of right up 15% and what we have talked about with our model, as we think on an annual basis they can grow 15%, as the matter of fact and year-to-date, I mean U.S. dollars they are up about 15%. So we are comfortable they are going to achieve that 15 plus percent in local currency for the year and it’s going to be lumpy I mean it’s not going to be 15% every quarter. We are looking at annual basis. So we are very comfortable. With respect to the spend, yeah, we did have some higher spend, specifically in water treatment and even some in the air purification in the third quarter. We think that will be less in the fourth quarter and that we are looking at our plan right now, I mean as Ajita said I think the role out of stores will slow as we look into ’18 and ’19 I mean so we will be looking hard at SG&A.
John Kita: Clear predict Scott, continue growth on water treatment and air purification, those markets are expected to grow significantly. See I am still toss about 30% growth in water treatment, I mean we have a pretty significant franchise now when you add the consumables, and you add our businesses in China, it’s over $200 million.
John Kita: I won’t say engineering going down $6 million is right. We think that SG&A will be down at couple of points. We will get the benefit of price again even in China last raw material costs have stabilized, so we think we will get some benefit net price compared to material. And then we’re going to have some volume that’s also going to contribute. So those are the major pieces then you throw in a little bit of favorable mix from the new electric units. Those are the kind of the pieces that get up there.
John Kita: Well, I’ll take a shot at it. We clearly want our rest of world margins, we think it’s a combination of India becoming more profitable, Turkey be capital I should say, reducing the loss in India and ultimately getting to a breakeven with the same statement for Turkey. And then yeah it’s our intention to leverage China’s SG&A and volume as we going forward. We have not put out any specific objective but certainly it’s our objective to try to go rest of the world margins.
John Kita: Look, you know it’s always been competitive as continually top, it’s always been competitive. We’ve seen in the market I’ll say the electric not growing as fast which we assumed would happened because there is more distribution of gas in the city. So if you would asked us probably three years ago, we would have said electric was 55% in the market and gas was 45%, it’s probably close to a flip now. Not sure if it’s going to go much further but that happens. We don’t have a stronger position but we’re – we have a good position in gas and we’re leading in electric. So I don’t think that there’s much the competition as the dynamics in the marketplace, but all that being said, water heater growth this year is going to be nice for us and it’s led by gas.
John Kita: Well real estate is still the primary investment for the Chinese. The recent data does show that sales of property have slowed. It’s kind of a one or two month, we don’t that’s a limp or not. We don’t – we’re not really tracking as closely build, what we’re tracking is sales, because that’s what ultimately leads. The good news outside for us going forward is we think replacement is becoming a bigger component which just makes the sense the really good news about water heater in ultimately failed and with that you have a replacement market. And as you know here in the States, the replacement market is you know that 9 million build about 7-8 of this replacement. So we are nowhere near that in China but it’s developing. So I think as we look forward, we still think we are going to be able to growth from the water heater segment and we have some of the best products in both electric and gas which differentiates us. Is that answers your question or not.
John Kita: Well, I mean, we will, we’re going through our planning process right now. It’s certainly will pass initially probably the first and second quarter. I mean but we are moving a significant operation, the good news is we are not moving it far but we’re going to have moving certainly in the first and second quarter. The new plans offering higher depreciation for the year, we have – ultimately we’ll have some inefficiencies the first half of the year. But the good news is ultimately we think it’s going to be a much more efficient plan. So there could there could hiccups early in 2018 and we’ll talk about that when we get into through our planning process and possible talk more on year end. But I think for the full year that we’ll have some marginal effect but not significant.
John Kita: And we’ll expect to see that later in 2018 and certainly when we get into 2019 that’s you know real benefit.
John Kita: Yeah, that was one of the things that attracted us to Hague as we have looked at water softer manufactures, we’ve been OEM in over there and we look necessarily successful and we looked for manufacturers and of all the way. And quite frankly we feel agents for that. And they can make a compact unit which is important for the China market and they started selling those in I guess about March, April. And you know it’s been a nice sales, I think the sales probably in six months have been a million bucks sales over in China and it’s of the Hague water heaters and in U.S. water softener. So new we are optimistic that they can really provide us the benefit in China.
John Kita: I haven’t been but again Scott just over, I understand better what you think. And it goes back to 9 million units, 7.8 of that is replacement. So completions you know are 1.2 and maybe up a little bit, but on the margin that might add 50,000 to 100,000 units. You know what I mean? So but I have not, I don’t know that you have but I think that’s partly what’s driving that is you have that base of 7.8 million units and that’s probably growing some this year because if you get 9 million units, you know and completions are up of 100,000 to 150,000 and the rest is replacement. So that’s why I was trying to say.
John Kita: Well, I guess I’ll take the first one is where the market share lead the water treatment. And we have the best products and we’re going to continue to invest in R&D to support that position. And I won’t say that competitive environment for water treatment has changed, we want to build out our distribution. You know we talk about tier two and tier three cities not only do we want to see there that helps us from online position because somebody got to fulfill that and it’s distribution locations we talk about. So when we’re growing the retail, it’s primarily I’ll say our specialty stores and water treatment. Air purification, we are not the market share leader, we think we have some new products that we’re going to be bringing out next year that we think will be beneficial. And so we’re investing in R&D and also going out that portfolio. I think one think I want to mention is yes, rest of world, China did not meet the margins that we talked about beginning of the year, but when we are done with the year, we expect them to growth 15% organically and there is about 15% EBIT return. So I don’t want to give the impression, they are not having a good year, they are having a good year maybe not what we expected and where the spend being more than what we thought and then raw material cost have hurt us. So as we look at the year, I having a good year and I don’t think there is anything you need from a competitive or strategic standpoint that’s really changing our things.
