Ajita Rajendra: Thank you, Pat. And good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Our strong performance in the third quarter was driven by solid growth and profitability across all our major businesses. Here are a few highlights. Our organic growth drove sales 8.5% higher to $582 million. China sales were up 16% with gas tankers and water treatment products growing faster than the business as a whole. Our adjusted earnings of $0.59 per share were 9% higher than the $0.54 per share recorded last year and were primarily driven by higher sales, which more offset $6 million in incremental ERP expenses. We continue to allocate a portion of our capital to returning cash to our shareholders. We repurchased approximately 1.8 million shares for $87 million this year through September 30th. We increased our dividend by 20% or more for the third consecutive year in early 2014. We are on track to return approximately $160 million to shareholders this year. In August, we successfully completed our first ERP go-live milestone. I commend our team for their laser focus on a successful outcome. The remaining go-live events are planned to occur in 2015. John will now describe our results in more detail.
Ajita Rajendra: Yes. I think it could be impacted by a little bit of the inventory build. We would certainly expect the fourth quarter to be up double-digits. Quarterly growth can be lumpy due to variety of reasons including promotional activity inventory levels and previous year’s comparisons. So, we’re still very comfortable projecting two times GDP going forward and we think fourth quarter will be double-digit.
Ajita Rajendra: Like I said in the past, the activity level is high. If I look at last few months, it’s been as high as it has been in the past. And the timing of this is very difficult to judge obviously; companies come in the market and we don’t control that timing. We do also target companies and it depends on how those conversations go. So, it’s very difficult to predict that as you know. But from our perspective and our strategy, nothing has changed. We’re looking for the right type of acquisition and we’ve laid out the criteria that we have and we are being very disciplined about sticking to that criteria. And as John said, we believe long-term the best value that we could bring our shareholders is making the right acquisition.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, I’ll say our online continues to be very strong. Last year it was $15 million for the full year. We originally estimated it would double, but by the end of the third quarter we were over $30 million. So we expect that to run pretty close to $40 million for the year. So that continues to do very well. The replacement versus new housing, I can only give you anecdotal kind of based on our survey. Our people would say the replacement is picking up, where they would have used a number of 35% or so of the market one or two years ago. They are now saying it’s approaching 50% specifically in the tier one steady. So, and I said anecdotal, that’s our survey data. As you know there isn’t good HRI and housing completion data like there is in the U.S. where we can be more specific and confident in that replacement new ratio, so that’s about the best I can do.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, the third quarter beyond us, the margins did surprise us a little bit. We have said SG&A would be up from the second quarter and it was, and it was up a couple of points we talked about. However gross margin because of some mix et cetera was also up. So we weren’t anticipating the gross margin mix positive that happened. When we look at the fourth quarter, SG&A will continue to be up, I mean it is traditional we talked about it last meeting about advertising being up in the second half of the year and we except that to continue. We do also as we look at India from a sales standpoint some things have come up. India was tracking a little bit behind last year and then we mutually agreed to wind down our crow banding relationship with our largest distributor in India in the third quarter due to some channel conflict issues. So absent those sales, we’re expected to be up 20 percentage here, but unfortunately we’re going to be down about $4 million with that customer mostly in the fourth quarter. So that will have some affect on margins, but again we still think we’ll be up, Rest of World year-over-year fourth quarter margins will be up. So, India has taken a little bit of a detour, we pass them long-term. We still think it’s a good place to be. We think we’ll be able to replace those sales as we go forward. And the core business is still seeing some growth.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, as you know as we get in for the third and fourth quarter their aftermarket does pick up and we would expect that to be the case again. It might be monotonous, but they were up about 10% again this quarter and they continue to do everything that they said they will do. Their margins are very comparable to last year even when they have higher engineering and selling, so they continue to perform very well. For the year we expect them to be up about 10% with comparable margins again given that they’ve put a lot in engineering this year and a lot in selling, I think they’re doing extremely well.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, we’ve talked about the new products; the FT XL will come out late in the third quarter. We expect it to be well received. Good electronics and they will be more efficient than the competition in that space. They have some other product line expansion planned for next year that we think will also be beneficial. China I think we talked about in the last meeting, the condensing is moving slower maybe than what we’re anticipating. But we think there is some potential opportunities as we develop products for maybe the non-condensing in China that’s going to take most of next year to develop those products. But we’re still optimistic I would say on China long-term for the boiler business, but probably the condensing is going to take a little longer than we originally expected.
Ajita Rajendra: I think the strategy has not changed at all. I think this relationship that we had with this customer, we expected at some point would that we’d go our different ways because of some of the channel contract that was built in. It came a little faster than we anticipated, but that’s kind of what built into our longer-term plan. Without that customer, we’ll still grow at 16% to 20% in India this year. The economy we feel is improving. The economy has been slow but it is improving. And the longer term strategy in terms of building our brand, building it with water heaters and then expanding it into water treatment has not changed.
Ajita Rajendra: And also when you compared to last year, it’s about a 50% improvement over last year’s fourth quarter.
Ajita Rajendra: Yes. And I would just reinforce that it’s so difficult to see it month-by-month. I mean if you look at the AHRI data for August, I’m sorry July and August it was relatively flat to up a little bit. But based on our September, we expect September to be high. But again, overall the quarter is pretty good.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, as you’re aware, steel costs are up, as well as inflation was up for things like healthcare et cetera and that’s really what drove the price increase. And that was the factor for it. And steel prices as you know have stayed high and even increased over the year as things have gone on. So I mean it is what it is. Steel has stayed up there.
Ajita Rajendra: We can’t talk about future price increases for sure. Clearly steel was up pretty dramatically especially when you look at last year to this year, it was up pretty dramatically. I mean the CRU numbers are out there that say it was up significantly.
John Kita: I think Matt as you go into the fall holiday; it’s not unusual for them -- for our customers to build up some inventory. I think it happened last year’s third quarter and this year it’s a little bit more of a pickup than last year’s third quarter. So, I don’t think it’s anything significantly out of the ordinary.
John Kita: Sure. When we look at 2014 commercial it’s been relatively strong year-to-date. The third quarter we’re thinking was pretty flat to up maybe a little bit. We’re estimating that fourth quarter will be flat with the prior year which gets you to 164,000 to 165,000 units. Last year is pretty much tracking where we sat, we said beginning of the year we were estimating 9 million units, we haven’t come off that. And as you know that’s up 4%, 5% from the prior year.
John Kita: Scott, what we said is we are going to try to keep our net cash balance for the year relatively constant with the prior year. Last year, it was $290 million. We would expect this year, it will be $275 million to $280 million. So I would read anything into it. That resulted though in us buying back $110 million or so of stock. And so that was really the focus as to keep the net cash balance relatively stable but we can only estimate it so close.
John Kita: Well, we haven’t said what we’re going to do after 2014 but we did say, in 2014 we want to keep that net cash balance about constant and that we still think acquisitions are potentially the best value added opportunity for shareholders. But until we get that acquisition, we were comfortable proceeding in 2014 the way we did. So, as we look at our plan, and come out in the first quarter I mean in January of next year, we’ll evaluate where we are for 2015 at that time.
John Kita: Well water treatment, I guess all I can really say about water treatment on an annual basis is last year we lost about $3 million in water treatment and we have talked about a $2 million or so profit this year. And everything we’re seeing that still on track. And I think that’s relatively equally spread across the four quarters. So, there is nothing unusual there. And I’m not sure the rest -- it truly was a mix in China. So, China had extremely good quarter, better than we would have said, we would have projected because of that gross margin improvement. And that was really mix, some of the customers carry higher margins and those had higher sales in the quarter.
John Kita: Well, you’re right. The midpoint is $0.60 and that’s a 15% increase over last year. So, that’s a positive. As we look at the businesses, we look at as I mentioned that we expect commercial to be relatively flat year-over-year. So, we don’t expect to get benefit from that. We do expect Lochinvar to continue to be up, that will be beneficial. And then as I have said, China, we expect to be up double-digit, but we could have some margin changes there, because we’re not expecting the repeat of the gross margin improvement but we are committing to doing additional SG&A. And then as we talked about India’s profit will be down because of -- when I said we lost about $4 million with that customer, as you can understand since the fourth quarter is where 60% of our sales are much of that loss will be apples-and-apples to the fourth quarter of last year. We’ve said India is going to lose $5 million; it will probably lose a little bit over $5 million with this adjustment. But I think I go back to Ajita’s statement, when you look at our organic relative 8%, we’re comfortable with that going forward and on a quarter-to-quarter basis you can have some internals, but we’re certainly comfortable, we have a growing business which will add growing profitability.
John Kita: Well, it’s always dangerous to look month-to-month, but I’ll say that the resi and commercial are relatively strong in September. But again, I’d be careful taking going too much with that, because it’s in very month-to-month, but it was clearly stronger and China I think will just continue to be consistently that increase. So I wouldn’t to say I anything bowing down...
John Kita: Right. We’re still at that million or so in completions, I think about 900,000 or so, so really no changes in our assumptions there. And as I said, the resi volumes are pretty much tracking where we thought they would be.
John Kita: Well, I guess I’d say Tier 2 continues to grow and become over 40% I think of our sales. We’re just right now I would say and Ajita you may know better than I do kind of looking at parallel trading Tier 3 and Tier 4 and then certainly as we go out into the future that’s an area we’re going to focus on. But I don’t think we’re significantly out there right now. We’re still in that 6,000 plus distribution outlets in total.
John Kita: Right. But certainly as you look, we do look as part of our growth going forward. I think Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities will play a part in there without a go.
John Kita: I’ll take the last one first. I don’t think there is anything really new in the consumable. We’re probably looking at $2 million to $3 million. I think I might have said 3 to 4 last quarter, but I had incorrect number, it’s probably closer to $2 million to $3 million. We do think as we’ve talked about we’ve tried to do some things. Our recent release in July makes all the filters proprietary now use that term a little bit loosely because you have to be able to enforce it, but we certainly think in the future that consumables will play a bigger part and we’re doing everything we can to try to maintain that proprietary filters in our systems. So that’s clearly something we look at. And as we go forward, we think it will become a bigger part of our business. And as we go through our planning phase, we might have a better feel for that. But as we talked about those four or five filters in each -- our old system and they have to be replaced at different time lines. Number two, the inventory, really not much and again, I don’t want to overemphasize the inventory. With the holidays, you would normally have a build up in the third quarter. It was a little bit more than last year, could have a minor effect on the fourth quarter. But again, we still expect growth in the fourth quarter to be up double-digit. And really nothing distinct about that inventory growth; it’s with our major customers which you would expect.
John Kita: I’ll take a shot at it. We said that it’ll lose $5 million this year, we certainly have every intention and we think we will improve the profitability of the water heater next year. We talked about last year, we were doing some vertical integration, bringing more of it in-house; we expect to have that done towards the end of this year. So, we will see some improvement. I’m not sure given the loss of this customer that we can get all the way to breakeven, but we certainly anticipate we’re going to have improvement in the water heater business next year. I think the wildcard will be water treatment for evaluating how we roll that out and clearly when you have a new role like that, that has some expenses associated with it. So, I think we’ll be in a better position to kind of talk about India when we do our year end review.
