Kevin Wheeler: Alright, thank you Chuck. Our outlook for 2020 includes the following assumptions, and I'll start with China. China inventory levels ended 2019 between two and three months of sales, meeting our expectations after being as high as four months in the second half to 2018 and earlier in 2019. As we stated, our customers tell us normal levels are between two and three months.  We estimate sell-in will be modestly lower than sell-out, resulting in a modest further decline in channel inventory levels. We project China sales growth in local currency of 2.5%. Our forecast for the China currency is a modest appreciation from today's levels, resulting in a 1% increase in U.S. dollar terms.  In China as we walk forward from the fourth quarter of 2019 to the first quarter of 2020, and with the Chinese New Year holidays earlier in the quarter and our continued focus on monitoring channel inventory, we project first quarter China volume will be approximately $40 million lower in the fourth quarter of 2019. The earnings impact in the 2020 first quarter from lower volumes is expected to be 50% of the sales decline.  In addition, also compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, we do not expect customer support programs, severance charges or other certain costs of approximately $10 million to repeat. After 1% decline in 2019 we project residential water heater volumes will increase 225,000 to 275,000 units in 2020, driven by incremental new construction and expansion of replacement demand in-line with historical trends.  Commercial industry water heater volumes are expected to grow 2% to 3%, primarily driven by growth in electric models. We expect our North America boiler sales to grow approximately 8% for the full year. In 2019 our boiler sales were flat with low single digit growth in condensing boilers.  Several factors underpin our 2020 forecast. We believe the transition from lower efficiency to higher efficiency boilers continues and commercial condensing boiler volumes growth mid-single digits as they have historically.  The ABI data has been recently strong and encouraging. We will enhance our product offering in 2020 such as adding O2 sensing capability on our commercial condensing boilers, which addresses a gap in our product portfolio that we believe impacted us in 2019.  We continue to work with our reps to improve our visibility to track jobs. We are seeing and hearing that many projects in 2019 have been pushed into the first half of 2020. We ended 2019 with a $2.6 million loss in India and we are on track with our expectations to breakeven in that region in 2020. As the India economy has shown signs of weakness recently, we are monitoring our progress towards this goal carefully.  Please advance to slide 17. We project revenues will increase by approximately 4.5% to 5.5% in 2020. We see sales growth in North America with our water heater, boiler and water treatment products collectively expected to grow approximately 6% in 2020, including $20 million in Water-Right sales which was acquired in April of 2019. EPS is projected to be between $2.40 and $2.50. Our EPS guidance excludes the potential impact to our businesses from the developing coronavirus originated in China.  We expect North America segment margin to be between 23.25% and 24.25% and rest of the world segment margins to be approximately 5%. We are pleased with how our North America segment is performing, particularly on the water heating side. We see long term growth drivers in water treatment solutions and boilers across North America.  In the near term the Chinese economy remains weak. We have a strong premium brand, right product offering in our key product categories, broad distribution and a reputation for quality and innovation. Over time we are well positioned to maximize favorable demographics in both China and India to enhance shareholder value.  Our replacement markets remain stable, which we believe represents approximately 85% of North America water heater and boiler volumes. We have a strong cash flow and balance sheet, providing opportunity to continue to invest in ourselves, acquisitions and return cash to shareholders.  That concludes our prepared remarks and we are now available for your questions. 
Kevin Wheeler: Let me take this in kind of the order that – the way we think about it. First, the coronavirus, our focus is on our employees and particularly the 7,000 employees we have in China. So we are focused on safety and doing the right things to make sure that our employees are safe during these difficult times.  Secondly, to answer your question, at this time our supply chain we see no issues currently and going forward. So as we look at it right now, no immediate disruption expected by us at all. 
Kevin Wheeler: Yeah, sure. From the broader perspective, I’m going to kind of look back on the year a bit. And first, the industry – we kept pace with the industry particularly in the commercial boiler sector. This year we as an organization are [planning mix skews] [ph] to more lower BTU models, and quite a few of our larger jobs this year as I mentioned in the comments have been pushed into the first quarter and the second half of the year.  So – and on top of that our reps and our customers remain bullish about their activity. And as far as the market, job quoting and so forth remains active. And then on top of that we are introducing a O2 sensing device that goes on to our high commercial [commencing] [ph] boilers. So when you put all that together, the market, the ABI index, we had unusually skewed to lower BTU’s this year, some projects that were delayed in the second half where we believe 8% is a reasonable number as we get into 2020.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, if you looked at it back at the – this year was, our guidance was for overall replacement to come in at about 100,000 to 150,000 units down this year and we feel it’s going to fall in that range once everything is published. If you look at it, you're right, 2017, 2018 were well above market average, growing 4% to 5%. It’s not unreasonable to have a correction as we did in 2019. So as we go forward, we're basically saying there's a reasonable new construction activity, builders remain confident and that our historical replacement market will return to their normal levels. That’s what’s baked into our guidance.
Kevin Wheeler: Hi, this is Kevin. Let me take that. Those are all really good questions, but right now when you look at this market and you look at the coronavirus and where it stands, it's really too early to speculate. We still have many people on holiday that need to come back and we see how they are going to behave going forward. We don't know the scope outside the key province since that had been restricted right now. So if you just step back from that, we're going to have to get a lot more data on how consumers are behaving before we enter into some further guidance and speculations; it's where we're at. 
Kevin Wheeler: Yeah, I think I’ll. Let’s just take from a market share perspective and remember, these are shipments, these are not sell outs. But if you look at it you know, we were down a bit on market share residential; we were up close to 100 basis points on commercial and as we go into this year, we just look at it – we’ll be turning to a more normal level, and I look at the residential business and the residential industry, in 10 years it’s been flat twice, down three times and up five.  So it’s not this linear equation, but you look at the positive news from a new construction standpoint, you look at a water being a must have product when again it stops operating. So our guidance is really getting back to historical levels and I think that's a reasonable guidance as we go forward. Our share is intact on both residential and commercial and to go back on tankless, that’s an area that we continue to look at growing, expanding. We will be introducing some new innovative product lines this year, and that category actually has declined three years in a row, its growth rate.  So overall I think we're in good position as we head in. I think the guidance is kind of getting back to a normal year that we basically didn't have in 2019. 
Kevin Wheeler: It is in the early stage. We had a very good year mid-teens growth. We saw core growth in all segments and you know that's our direct-to-consumer, that's a professional water quality dealer, retail and wholesale as well.  So overall we feel pretty good about the way the business is moving forward, increased productivity as I mentioned in my remarks in our plants, on-time performance is up, and again part of our thesis is that water quality is becoming a bigger issue with consumers and we see that continuing not only with lead, but PFOA’s and a number of other contaminants that are in the market, and we feel confident because we have the products that can remove all these chemicals and so the business is in good shape, had a good year and we look forward to building on it in 2020. 
Kevin Wheeler: Yeah, I mean so Lochinvar goes back to a growth. So we see Lochinvar is at 8% next year, so that helps in blocking it forward. We also have growth in North America water treatment, so we expect America water treatment to grow in that low-teens year-over-year and that’s starting to become a more meaningful base.  India, we expect to grow also. India's in that low-teens range that we expect to continue to grow. So that’s the major components. You know with the rest, you know China is rather modest and will be positive or these are assumptions that it will be positive.
Kevin Wheeler: Yeah, so you know the store closures, when you think about the terms of the stores that are kind of in the same geographic region, so it’s really rationalizing stores that are pretty close to one another. So from a sales wise perspective, we do not view it as significant. What we view – our jobs do is to make sure we draw those shoppers into the stores that exist within the geographic region that’s there. In some of the built-out years we had probably a little redundancy in some local areas.  So the peak, you know the peak was about 9,800 and today we’d be about 9 – yeah, it’s about 9,000. So going forward that extra 1000 stores that we're looking at is probably not a significant impact on sale, and just a reminder that there are - some of those are our specialty stores, some of those are retail outlets, you know the cost for those. We do incur cost to support some of those stores, but it’s our customers’ storefront. So the closure cost on some of those are just not, not very significant. 
Kevin Wheeler: We did quite a bit of analysis on this and reviewed it in our Investor Day and continue to watch it quite frankly. The bell curve on the replacement cycle on water heaters is really elongated. We have water heaters that can go out within five years and others that can last 25 years. So as we looked at it, we see that bell curve smoothing it out and we don't see – I’ll use the word because people have used in the past, ‘equipped.’ We see it went out to 22, 23 maybe a slight decline, but nothing of any dramatic nature.  We are even seeing some of our products even last even little bit longer. We've been using 14 years and then they are moving out to 15 years. So it's, from our perspective it's out a few years and the impact will be within that one or two point range. 
Kevin Wheeler: Our online sales last year were $207 million, really pretty flat to the year before. We've got our assumption is 2020 to grow at the mid-single digits. So we talked about reintroducing mid-priced products. So we feel pretty good about our position with mid-priced products which we do see more of in online sales. And you know our share, we still think there's opportunity to grow that share on the online side. So it’s you know $207 million this year and we'll be growing mid-single digits. We feel pretty good with where we enter into 2020. 
Kevin Wheeler: Pricing question is always fairly sensitive to us you know. As we announced, we did put an increase through last year up to 4%, and really after that, we are really the only public company and we just don't want to comment any further on any pricing actions with regards to market conditions. 
Kevin Wheeler: You know just to start with the channel inventory, so our channel inventory, I’ll call it – it’s a relatively even mix of higher end product, mid-priced product. As you know we've introduced quite a few mid-priced products in the last two to three quarters. So its maybe – I’ll call it 50/50. So we think we're balanced on where we're it falls on in the channel inventory.  With respect to – I would say with respect to competitors and like I mentioned before, it's really too early to understand me. What I tell you from our supply chain, we did reach out to our suppliers and so forth and got feedback and we're comfortable with it, but we just don't have the information nor are we going to speak to any of our competitors’ conditions. 
Kevin Wheeler: From a residential new construction, again if you look at it, there’s been some positive information with builders. Certainly there was a spike in starts in December. So if you look forward it looks like from a new construction standpoint it’s a positive, it’s a tailwind. To what extent, Chuck talked about 100,000 units.  On the commercial side, again things have been active there. However, there has just been a – items that are being pushed out. Labor is still an issue, I would tell you on both the residential and commercial side of the business.  So it looks positive to us, to the degree that we can get things in the ground and finished. We think it’s within our guidance of the range we gave on residential and our guidance that we gave on our commercial and boilers. 
Kevin Wheeler: Normally, on the M&A side we are always actively engaged in and looking for opportunities and until we have any of that really materializing, we just don't talk about them. However we are – we do have a nice balance sheet that when those opportunities come along we can execute. When it comes from our cash, allocation, I’ll let Chuck just comment on… 
Kevin Wheeler: Well, let me just take – how we look at it. One, to be a market leader in this industry you have to have a broad line of products, both residential, commercial and that investment and that's not only in the products but in the technologies; condensing, non-condensing, heat pump, non-heat pump, gas tank versus electric tank versus all the commercials we have are tanks.  So from a new entrance, that’s always possible and quite frankly Haier has announced that they are going to come in a market with some electric products. But as we look at it, what we do is we try to provide the best value proposition to our customers and its based upon this broad portfolio, it’s based upon driving value, not only with products, services and also what we do in the, with the engineers and the specifications. And then on top of that, you really step back; we got 60 years of long term relationships in all channels.  So we're going to do the things that we believe make us the preferred brand of choice and so that's how we look at it, and as other people come in, it's going to take a broad portfolio, it’s not an easy hurdle to come in and provide these broad portfolio of products and services that we have. 
Chuck Lauber: Yeah, and this is Chuck. I mean we still can see you know that the higher efficiency boilers moving away from the less efficient, non-condensing boilers to higher efficient. Where we focus, we still see that trend. 
Chuck Lauber: Yeah, if you take the mid-range of the residential units, that 250 range and you put 100,000 into new construction, new housing and you have the rest to the replacement. You don't quite get back to the 2018 levels. So you know we're kind of in between that. 
Chuck Lauber: Let me start out with – I mean look, Q1 as we came in, looking at next year we thought Q1 was going to be a challenging year regardless of what you're hearing on the virus situation right now, and the reason we have little caution on Q1 is because the Chinese New Year’s festival falls into January. And anytime – it was January 25. Anytime it falls into January, what we see is more interruption in the appliance market, less traction. So as Kevin kind of outlined on his introductory remarks, even without those considerations we see the Q1 in China to be a challenging Q1 because of the disruption of the earlier holiday.  We would expect though going out of Q1, I think you've got a pretty spot on take on some of our assumptions Scott, so you know we expect going out of Q1 we're going to see a little headwind on channel inventories still. We were really happy with the progress that we made this year getting down into that normal range. We would expect another couple weeks perhaps come out of next year through the back three quarters of the year.  Low single digit or low single digit declines on the water heating side are really consistent with what we've seen this year and kind of roll into next year in our assumptions. Water treatment, if you look at our outside market data, some of those numbers are slightly, slightly negative. We are a little more optimistic on the water treatment side. We really like some of the new products we put out and we think we're going to outperform some of those projections on water treatment.  So and then you kind of roll into that some of the other – I'll call it less material categories that we have that kind of bringing up to that growth rate. I hope that’s helpful. 
Chuck Lauber: Also just to extend, just on the upper tier premium market, you know when I look at Q4, there wasn’t a lot of change. The upper tier stayed where it was and its down about a couple of hundred basis points and that’s been pretty consistent throughout the year. As important, from a brand perspective there's been no real retaliation towards a former American brand. So really we came through Q4 relatively kind of the same as we thought, with no real changes other than we have filled in our medium price points and we feel good about that going into 2020. 
Chuck Lauber: And I guess the follow-up Bryan, you mention commercial, the cycle on commercial is shorter so we really just don't see the same tracking as residential. This is the shorter life cycle. 
Chuck Lauber: Well, typically in China our strongest quarter in Q4 you know, so. I think you can look at it that way, it was the strongest quarter this year for us even though it was down a little bit from consumer demand compared to last year. But we are pleased with where we ended the year on channel inventory, where our customers ended the year on channel inventory. We would not expect in Q1 to cause that inventory to go up and we would feel pretty good about coming into the back three quarters of the year in that inventory position compared to last year. But as far as cadence, I mean the fourth quarter is always our strongest. 
Chuck Lauber: Yeah, for 2020 we're looking to have lower steel pricing than we have this year. Just as a reminder you know, we see steel costs kind of 90 to 120 days hit us. So if you kind of look at where the market is today, we expect, steel pricing next year to be just slightly lower than where the market is today. 
Chuck Lauber: We typically don't, but you can kind of get a projection just by looking at kind of taken it to the market. 
Chuck Lauber: Yeah, we are looking to repurchase next year. So as we talked about before, we always invest in ourselves. We got some good capital programs that we're planning for next year, we're looking at repurchasing about 200 million. That 200 million is really based on what we look at for generating cash for the year, our dividends, net of CapEx, the goal what we are looking at, just to size that borrowing and acquisition would be just to not grow cash for 2020. So that's kind of how we are sizing that up. 
Chuck Lauber: You know you are correct in the fact that some of these growth businesses right now have lower operating margins than what you know the lesser growth business going forward. China is difficult to you know peg as far as – when we pegged China we said what our growth rate would be next year. So you know in China we expect to continue to reduce product costs; we expect to continue to look at our costs and expect to expand the margin in China at the pace at which the consumer confidence and market allows us to grow.  In India and water treatment, we feel like we are making good progress in India. We expect to be breakeven next year. Water treatment, we're looking at you know 100 to 200 basis points improvement in the next couple of years to get that margin closer to North America water heating. So we feel like we're making progress on all those areas. 
Chuck Lauber: You know the last few years we've repatriated a $150 million each year. We are going through that process and looking at the things that are in front of us. We would expect to repatriate some cash and when we come up with the appropriate number as we go through that process, we'll be talking about how much we bring back. But we would expect to, and we have in the last two years brought back $150 million each year. 
Chuck Lauber: You know it’s mostly within our range, it’s mostly just based on volume assumptions. That’s what drives most of the volatility. 
Jeffrey Hammond: It just want to make sure I'm clear on the guidance. So I think you're saying 4.5% to 5.5% growth, and it just seems like a lot of these numbers are kind of low single digits, you know commercial res, you know China. So like what's kind of growing above average outside of Lochinvar to kind of get you into that 4.5% to 5.5% growth range. 
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay, and then just a couple of questions on China. One, it looks like I think you closed 700 stores in ’19; you’re going to close another 1,000 in 2020 I think is what you said. Can you just talk about where store growth – stores are versus peak and you know just any kind of revenue impact you think you have from all those store closures and then just, you know any plans for repatriating cash from China this year. Thanks.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay great. And then on your North American margins your range is typically like 25 to 50 bips, but this year you have a 100 basis point range and just wanted to understand the change or if there is any moving pieces that would support the wider range. Thanks. 
