Paul Jones: Okay. Thank you, Pat, and good morning ladies and gentlemen. In 2012, we achieved record sales in earnings as a result of our acquisition strategy and global footprint. Here are a few highlights. Our organic growth and acquisition drove sales 13% higher to $1.94 billion. Lochinvar, acquired in the third quarter of 2011, achieved $226 million in revenues. In China, our sales of A. O. Smith branded products grew 20%. Our earnings improved to $3.03 per share which excludes $0.46 per share in items unrelated to ongoing operations, including a gain on sale of the Regal Beloit shares received with the divestiture of our motor business of $0.36 per share, a gain of $0.04 per share related to the revisions to our estimate of the Lochinvar earn-out and $0.06 per share associated with the settlement with the component supplier in Canada. Lochinvar contributed at the high end of our profit expectations and we are extremely pleased with the team and the business. We met many of you in late September at our Analyst Day in Nashville where we presented our 2015 growth aspirations as well as showcased our manufacturing excellence. Our slide deck from the day is currently available on our website. Last but not in any way least, Ajita Rajendra has assumed the CEO role at the beginning of January. Ajita and I have worked together at A.O Smith and a previous company and he’s an outstanding leader and manager. He and I worked on developing the strategy we laid out at our Analyst Day and Ajita and the team are committed to it. I plan to serve the company and its shareholders in the role of Executive Chairman at least through 2013.  John, I’ll now turn the call over to you to elaborate on our fourth quarter and full year results.
Paul Jones: This is Paul. We look at that at every board meeting and we’re constantly looking at it and evaluating what we do with the capital and we’re not going to put deadlines or time limits on that.
Paul Jones: I think he was asking about can we give any color to the size of the – are we looking at two or three big ones or small ones or international and all we can really say Sanjay is it’s all over the map. We have some of everything you mentioned, but we’re not going to try to put any quantification on it. It just wouldn’t be, frankly we wouldn’t be adding too much to the conversation if we tried to do that. Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets: I completely understand. Fair enough. Thanks guys and once again congratulations on a great execution.
John Kita: We normally don’t break between wholesale and retail, but the residential was definitely up as you said, partially due to – over half was due to the superstorm Sandy and commercial was down which we expected because of the pre-buy that happened last year. It was probably down not as much as we would originally forecast, but it was down.
John Kita: Yeah. We would think $40 million to $50 million would be a reasonable assumption as we go forward which is about our deprecation rate.Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets: Got it. And one question again on the acquisition front if I may. So I know you guys don’t want to get into too much detail, but two part question. One, if there is any comment you guys could share with us about this sort of (inaudible) for commenting about today’s maybe close to again closing that transaction there, some news media expressing that. And two, as we look at that pipeline for you guys right now in terms of what you could borrow, some mix of large, small versus international opportunity. Can you give us any of the granularity on (inaudible) three large one or two large one as you’re evaluating or how should we think about it? Thank you very much.
John Kita: Todd, let me go through that example on slide 14. What that implies when you take out the one-time items which we have this year which was primarily the RBC stock, you take that $0.46 out, you take the benefit we feel we got from hurricane Sandy and you put pension on apples and apples basis i.e. service cost, you would be – 2012 would be $3.08. 2013 guidance, our midpoint would be $3.35 on an apples and apples basis. So that’s taking out the onetime items the ’12, getting ’12 pension down to service cost. So we are saying and that’s why Ajita said in his speech, we see about a 9% increase in EPS year-over-year and all I was alluding to is that’s a positive margin improvement. Lochinvar, China, all of those improvements and a little bit of help from residential. As we said we see completions going up 150,000 units and one of the headwinds is about $5 million worth of interest income. But we’re going up in our mind 9% on an apples and apples basis.Todd Vencil – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Got it. That makes more sense. Sorry for the confusion. Thanks a lot.
John Kita: Well, there were some benefits. When we looked at the price increase we had in 2012, it incorporated many different costs, healthcare, et cetera, but it also incorporated the steel increase that happened from 2010 to 2012. So there was some material cost benefit, but it was not significant in 2012.
John Kita: Well, I think from a margin standpoint you can see that Lochinvar did very well from the numbers we gave you and part of that is driven by their fourth quarter is always going to be their strongest because their parts business is strongest and they have very good margins there. Their parts business is strongest in the fourth quarter because people turn on their boilers and all of a sudden it doesn’t work sometimes and instead of replacing the boiler they replace parts. So that’s very typical. You also see very strong margins on North America and that was benefited by a pretty significant increase in residential volumes which we’ve talked about that was partially offset by commercial which is one of our highest margin businesses being down. And we have the same benefit in the fourth quarter from China. Their margins were very, very good which you would expect because that’s start to come in more the contribution margin.  So I think fourth quarter margins were not necessarily indicative of full year because that was our highest volume quarter significantly. So as we get into the first quarter of next year, we won’t expect volumes to be quite as strong as what they are this quarter obviously because of some of the things we talked about. So I think it would be natural to think that margins would decline somewhat. Year-over-year I don’t think you’ll see a significant difference in margins. You’ll see some improvement I think, continued improvement rest of the world. North America when you take out some of this pension noise I think you’ll see improvement also. 
John Kita: I think China labor everybody has seen increases there, but fortunately that’s a relatively small cost of our total cost per unit. So we’ve certainly seen that. From a cost price standpoint as Ajita alluded to, we think we’re at a fair point right now for A.O Smith and our customers and we’ll evaluate as we go forward depending on what some of our input costs are.
John Kita: Actually fourth quarter same store sales were strong. Some of the housing indicators in China have perked up a little bit. We’re not sure if they’re permanent or not, but clearly we saw positive same store sales, both tier 1 and tier 2 in China and we’ll obviously watch that closely because like I said, some of the housing indicators there – you saw a couple of Wall Street Journal last week started to say new housing occupancy might be picking up. We’ll wait and see.
Ajita Rajendra: Scott, our pipeline for acquisitions is very active and like you said, it’s been a year and a half. I wish we could have had acquisitions behind us. But we’ve laid out various clear financial and strategic guidelines in terms of what type of acquisitions we’re going to be after and we’re going to be pretty disciplined in our process and we want to make sure that any acquisition we make is strategically relevant and creates value for our shareholders. So and we want to make sure we don’t make the wrong acquisition. So it’s been active. We’ve looked at a number of them. We’ve turned down a number of them and we continue to look within the guidelines that we’ve provided. I wish we could have had one under our belts, but we’ll do the right one at the right time.
Ajita Rajendra: The acquisition in Turkey, that’s a growing region of the world. It’s a small acquisition, but we see that as a potential platform for bolt-on acquisitions on top of that and we don’t see it having a big impact going forward. Sanjay, I didn’t really hear the rest of your question.
Ajita Rajendra: I think there’s probably a little bit because there is a certain amount of discretionary replacement which was stifled over the last few years. So we could have a little bit of that coming back also. But in the scheme of things it’s primarily going to be new construction that drives it. 
Ajita Rajendra: I think we had a comfortable spot in China. We increased prices the last couple of years which has been unusual for China and we were able to pass them along because of the inflation that the market was seeing. But what we try to do in China is to increase the average cost of our items due to a better mix because of new products that have better features and benefits. And that’s how we try to drive the average price of our units up and it’s been a very successful strategy so far.Ted Wheeler – Buckingham Research Group. Inc. : Lastly, any color on the retail big box negotiation this year versus where you’ve been the last year or so and how does it feel? If you could give some color on that.
Ajita Rajendra: Thanks very much everybody. We really appreciate your attention and your interest in our company and if you have any further questions you know how to find us. Thanks very much.
