Kevin Wheeler: Thank you, Helen, and good morning, everyone. I’m on slide 4 in our full-year results. 2023 was a record-studying sales and earnings year, driven by resilient water heater demand and excellent execution by our team. North America sales increased 4% and adjusted segment margin increased 310 basis points due to higher water heater volumes and improved price-cost relationship. Our rest-of-wall segment, sales grew 4% in local currency as our recently introduced kitchen products in China were well-received by the market. In India, our sales grew 15% local currency in 2023 and benefited from sales of new products which represented 30% of our sales. Free cash flow grew to $598 million, primarily driven by record profit. We returned $490 million of capital to shareholders with our dividend and share repurchases. Please turn to slide 5. Our global A. O. Smith team delivered record sales of $3.9 billion in 2023 and adjusted EPS of $3.81, a 21% increase over 2022. North America water heater sales grew 6% in 2023 due to strong demand for our residential and commercial water heater products. The residential unit industry demand increased approximately 6% compared to 2022, as new construction and proactive replacement demand remained resilient. Commercial industry units increased approximately 15% year-over-year, as volume of commercial electric water heaters greater than 55 gallons re-bounded and aligned closer to pre-2022 levels. We are pleased with our market share strength in both residential and commercial water heaters. Our North America boiler sales decreased 12% against a difficult comp of 28% growth in 2022. We worked down our backlog in 2022 after making significant production and supply chain improvements, which led to elevated channel inventories going into 2023. The resulting channel inventory de-stocking impacted our residential and small commercial boiler sales. Sales of our CREST commercial boilers with Hellcat technology increased over 50% in 2023. North America water treatment sales from 2% in 2023, as higher sales in the e-commerce and direct-to-consumer channels were partially offset by lower sales in the wholesale and retail channels. Sales in the prior year benefited from strong shipments as supply chain constraints improved and we worked down our order backlog, which resulted in elevated channel inventories in early 2023. In China, full year sales increased 4% in local currency. We are pleased with our performance in a continued weak economy. In addition to the successful launch of our kitchen products, we saw double digit sales growth of our HVAC and commercial water treatment product categories. Our core water heating and water treating products also performed well as replacement approaches 60% of residential water heater sales. The residential water treatment sales, particularly consumables, remain resilient. I'll now turn the call over to Chuck, who will provide more details on our full year and four quarter performance.
Kevin Wheeler: Thank you, Chuck. We project 2024 sales to grow between 3% and 5% compared to 2023, which includes the following assumptions. We believe the U.S. new home construction remains in a deficit, and we project it will be flat in 2023. We also assume that 2024 proactive replacement will remain at a level similar to 2023. Therefore, after an approximate 6% increase in the industry in 2023 compared to 2022, we project that 2024 residential industry unit volumes will be approximately flat until last year. We project U.S. commercial water heater industry volumes to increase low single digits, as demand for our commercial electric greater than 55 gallons continues its positive trend to pre-2022 levels. In addition, our outlook includes the announced price increases in North America water heating of 4% on most of our water heater products. Price increase for heat pump products is 8%. These increases are projected to be effective late in the first quarter. In China, we believe it will take time for the economy to improve amid weakened consumer confidence in a challenged real estate and housing market, and we have not yet seen signs of significant improvement. Even with the continued backdrop of a weak economy, we project our sales in China will again grow 3% to 5% and local currency in 2024, driven by resilient replacement demand, growth in demand for our water treatment products, and our recently released kitchen products. Our forecast assumes that the currency translation impact will be minimal in 2024. We expect a return to growth in our North America boiler business, with a projected sales increase of between 8% to 10% in 2024. We expect a continued benefit from the transition to higher energy efficient boilers, particularly as commercial buildings look to improve their overall carbon footprint. We predict sales of North America water treatment products to increase approximately 10% to 12%, as we expect to grow at two times the pace of the market. Based on our 2024 assumptions, we expect our North America segment margin to be between 24.5% and 25% and rest of world's segment margin to be approximately 10%.  Please turn to slide 14. I'd like to thank everyone who joined us at our investor date late last year, either in person or via webcast. The recording of the webcast is available on our website. The team and I enjoyed sharing the exciting growth opportunities that we see on the horizon for all of our businesses. A summary of the key topics that we covered are on slide 14. I look forward to sharing periodic updates on our initiatives, including the launch of our gas tankless products. As we looked at 2024, we remained focused on our key strategic priorities to advance our position as a leader in heating and treating water around the world. Those priorities are expanding and enhance our high efficiency product portfolio, including heat pumps for space and water heating, expand our global water treatment capabilities by investing in technologies, people, and geographic expansion, and deploy capital effectively by investing in our south, pursue our active acquisition pipeline, and returning capital to shareholders. We have many reasons to have optimism as we enter 2024. We see strong and market demand in North America for all of our product categories, and we expect to return to growth for boilers and North American water treatment as we believe our customers exited 2024-2023 with normalized channel inventories. We have begun several capacity expansion projects in North America that will support our growth in the long term. In China, we are projecting a second year of growth driven by innovative new products and resilient demand for our core products, and we expect to continue double-digit growth in India as our premium products and customer service are well-received in the market. And finally, this year marks an important milestone for A.O. Smith as we celebrate our 150th anniversary. What began as a small machine shop in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1874 has grown into an innovative industry leading global water technology company with more than 12,000 employees. A.O. Smith has a rich and proud history, and we are excited to celebrate it with employees, shareholders, customers, and partners across the globe. With that, we conclude our prepared remarks, and we are now available for your questions.
Kevin Wheeler: And maybe I'll just comment, Mike, that, it's been a couple lumpy years, right? I mean, we've had COVID and been a bit of a correction last year. We think the industry this year will be up maybe in that 5.5% to 6%. But if we kind of step back to 2019 and just look at a growth rate of 1.5%, we kind of we end up at what we think our outlook is going to be for 2024, along with, those assumptions that Kevin just mentioned. So it feels like a fairly stable residential market for us as we go into '24.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. I would just tell you that our philosophy has always been on pricing that we feel the cost before our customers do. And so as much as steel bounces up and down, there's still other parts of components and other chemicals and so forth. And so our increase is always based on what we have to address going forward with our suppliers. And the cadence, it's off a little bit. We pushed it out to March, and that's pretty rare, but it happens on occasion. Our goal has always been and will continue to be to keep our customers competitive and the price increase along with the timing really reaches that goal for us.
Kevin Wheeler: It's certainly coming off some comps. You can get a reminder, first quarter of last year was a pretty good year, a strong quarter for us on the boiler side. And we didn't see stocking until starting in the second quarter. But much of it has to do with coming off some comps, inventories coming down, getting back to our regular cadence. And we always get a little tripped up on sell out or sell in. You remember our sell in was down, but our sell out, we felt we held our own in the market. So overall, the boiler market is slightly down on some quoting. Residential has been a headwind for us most of the year that we look at turning that around in 2024. But overall, the market is a combination of comps and some of our new products. Our CREST with LCAP technology continues to grow. We outlined how much it's growing this year or last year. So a combination of getting back to our normal cadence and some new product offerings is how we get to that 8% to 10%.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. Again, we've been watching it and it's held pretty steady for a long time. Certainly, as we go forward and look at it, we still see housing renovation, even though things are going to be relatively flat, people are staying in the homes. We think housing renovation is still going to be a big part of how we go forward. And where it goes long term, we're still trying to get our arms around it. We talked a little bit about some generational issues that we've seen. But overall, right now in 2024, we're confident that the proactive replacement will stay steady. And we'll continue to monitor it as we continue over the years.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, I'll start with North America water heating. We entered the year this year, pretty strong January. And I think we maybe had a little bit lower channel inventories coming into 2023. But we feel like we're in great shape, very normalized on North America water heating. On the boiler and water treatment side, I think we still feel a bit ahead when as we go through the end of 2023, but feel like we're going to exit the year in a good position of normalized inventories. In China, all the channel inventories are pretty much very normal kind of event for a while and kind of continue in that normalized zone.
Kevin Wheeler: Q4 came in a little bit stronger than we expected and mostly on the residential side and we held our own and got our fair share of that. And so that was a nice positive plus. I think we've talked about being up four, being close to six in the residential side of the business. I will see how that actually comes out specifically. And I will tell you January gets early and January was a pretty strong month, particularly on the water heater side of the business. But orders remain strong. I mean, we continue to track towards our guidance. So in a one month view, we feel pretty good about what we're at. And I would just tell you orders are fairly strong across all of our businesses starting the year. Again, one month doesn't make a year, but we're off to a good start.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. Just to add on the tankless side of it, we are building inventory as we speak. [Audio-Gap] on the ground in, we'll launch in late March. We've already taken orders for it. And we're excited about it. One, that we own the technology, we're manufacturing, but more importantly, the first product that we're bringing to market, which is a condensing premix, has all the features that quite frankly, we've been a little bit hamstrung with our product line. So two inch band, half inch connection, better flow rates are all, our team's excited about getting in the market and being able to compete. So we'll start in March. Early indications from a lot of customers are pretty excited about the product. We're excited about the product. But as Chuck mentioned, this will be a ramp that we'll start this year and continue to gain momentum over the next couple of years.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes, I'll touch on that, maybe Chuck will jump in on it. We've not seen much change on our mix. And I would tell you that we're, our good is premium good. And I mean, we're not down in the low end of the market. But throughout even the pandemic and even into the last year, and how we're looking going into 2024, our premium price products that premium sector of the market has held up. It's not growing, but it's holding. And so our mix looks relatively the same as it has over the last several years. And we feel pretty good about that considering the consumers not as engaged as it needs to be. And we look at that as being upside as that consumer confidence grows a bit.
Kevin Wheeler: I would just maybe add on to that. I mean, our pipeline is active, and we continue to look at spaces not only within our core, certainly water treatment, but geographic expansions, and even levering, potentially our customers and footprints that we have in various industries. So a lot of different spots on the board. We're engaged on a pretty regular basis with a number of companies. And again, just a matter of not it, but when the time comes about. But again, when we look at acquisitions, culture is exceptionally important for us in making sure that we find the right company that fits within A.O. Smith. On top of that, we are going to stay disciplined in making sure that we can return to our shareholders. So putting that all in context, we feel really good about the pipeline, and we'll see if we can bring some of those home in 2024.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes, we need a better economic backdrop to achieve that. I mean, we really are in a situation now where we feel good about the cost we've taken out at the level we're at. Feel like we can leverage growth going forward, but we need to get the economy back. We need to get housing formation kind of reignited so that we've got a larger portion of the market that is growing in house formation. As you know, most of the water heaters go in when an individual moves into their home, even if it's a new construction. We're pleased we've got 60% replacement on the water heating side, so in the meantime, we're very happy with the resiliency of the business at the levels we're at, but we will need some economic help to kind of achieve that expansion. 
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. Details on pricing are really within our strategy here. We've always evaluated each time we bring a price increase to market. And early on, as we discussed, we make sure that we're addressing costs. We always make sure that we feel the cost before our customers is. And the bottom line we're at today is what's going to keep our customers competitive and that's really all we're going to say on the pricey side of this.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. Most of the growth that we see in 2024 relates to commercial business and water treatment, water treatment overall, particularly consumables. And then, we do see some growth in our kitchen products that are newly introduced. Overall, the core products were relatively flat year-over-year. I mentioned a little bit earlier about, we've kind of seen the stabilization of maybe what's being sold into the premium side. So, we think we're in a good spot for when the economy does come back, but we're looking at relatively year-over-year or flat for our core products.
Chuck Lauber: Yes, I'll touch on that. We don't see much difference in 2024 as we forecasted in our guidance that 9.2 million new construction, whether it's single family or multifamily, continues to progress. And we see it flat. And the proactive replacement has stayed very resilient. It's been six to eight quarters now. We just received data from it recently, and it continues to move down that path. And, of course, the [emergency] replacement is a non-discretionary, and we expect that to continue. So, we look at really 2024 as having a very similar outlook as 2023.
Chuck Lauber: Yes. So we see steel cost as a slight headwind as we go into the year. Steel cost have been kind of in that bandwidth and I'll quote, coal rolled of 950 to 1300, 1350. I mean, it's been in that bandwidth at the higher end of that bandwidth right now. So, as we come out of the fourth quarter, we're going to see a little bit of help on steel in the first quarter. And then we're going to see steel ramp up again in the back, back three quarters, likely, although we're calling out slight relief in the back half of the year. Fortunately, we have pricing coming in when steel kind of comes in the second quarter. So, as we come out of 2023, we're looking at a little bit better margin profile in the first quarter because it's down slightly and then get helped a little bit on pricing coming in with a higher cost deal. If you kind of look at the cadence for the year, kind of most quarters in North America are within that bandwidth of range, or at least pretty close in the 24.5% to 25% bandwidth. I'd say Q1 has maybe a little more pressure. And then, of course, as you mentioned, we do have some headwinds. Just, launching our tankless product is about a 50 basis point headwind as we import out of China, do the transportation and then, continue to promote that product.
Chuck Lauber: Yes. I mean, I'll speak to China. So China first, we're expecting growth in China 3% to 5%. Next year looks very similar in our outlook and that we're going to be investing in new products, promoting new products, looking to have top line growth and kind of maintaining margins in China right around that 11%. So margin operating margins in China year-over-year, roughly the same. I think we're, we're really leaning on growth as in India. And maybe when you look at overall rest of the world, and you look at our outlook for India, we continue to invest in growth. So we're going to continue to put kind of our, certainly we're pleased to be in a profitable position in India. We would like to continue to invest in growth and have, growth outlooks of 15% in India next year.
Chuck Lauber: Yes. I mean, so we've got a revenue guide. I'll just tie it back to the overall 3% to 5% growth on the top line. And, we're pleased that there's a number of drivers within that growth, and all of them are within the same amount, roughly. And if you kind of look at, just overall growth on tankless, heat pump, Kevin talked about pricing. We've got boilers growing kind of in that 8% to 10%. We've got North America water treatment growing 10% to 12%. And then, growth in China at 4%. And India, the ones that I mentioned are all very similarly sized. So it contributes in a meaningful way to growth, but it's not, it's not the largest part of growth in North America next year. We, I'll just kind of tie it back to that we were expecting $100 million on the top line over three years. So, when we get to 2026, we would expect to be incrementally there. It'd probably be a little lumpy as we start out, but we're looking for contributions in year one. 
Chuck Lauber: Yes. I just put some numbers to that. So I mean, we define kind of the premium sector of the market, above 3000 RMB for electric water heating, and above 5000 RMB for gas water heating and water treatment, which are our core products in China. And the premium sector of the market that we sell, it's been in the 60% to 70% range, a little lower on water treatment, right around 50%. But it's been a nice zip code for quite a while now. So for probably the last couple of years. So we haven't seen a change, certainly hasn't decreased, but it's been pretty steady.
Chuck Lauber: Sure. Good morning, Adam. Yes, we are underlevered. We like the position that we're in going into an opportunity for M&A, which we'll talk about. We continue to have kind of a balanced approach. I talked a little bit earlier about investing in ourselves, which are some of the three major expansion projects that we have going on with building manufacturing capabilities for gas tankless for investing in commercial high efficiency capacity, and then continue to invest in our R&D facilities in Lebanon, Tennessee. So we continue to make sure we're doing the right things to invest in ourselves and have three major projects going on. We're also doing a bid on the share buyback. We've got $300 million of share buyback in our outlook for 2024. We continue to feel that that's an appropriate component of capital allocation as we're underlevered. And then we're reserving firepower for the opportunities within M&A. We look forward to maybe some opportunities this year. It's always difficult to tell. Certainly investors' expectations always remain high. We feel like we're in a great position, though, to continue to kind of look for those opportunities as we go into 2024.
Chuck Lauber: Yes. It held up, and you have to go primarily back to, and we've mentioned a couple times the greater than 55 gallon electrics. We went to a regulatory kind of change, and we had to get the industry had to get its legs underneath, which it did, and we're starting to benefit from that. But the growth of almost 70% came out of that category, and it's almost back to where it needs to be, but you look at that low single digits, a large majority of that growth is going to be in that particular category as it gets back to a more normalized level that it exited in 2022. But overall, a commercial business held up well. Our gas business showed some growth. We break it down small electrics versus large. Small electrics had growth, so each category is still growing, and we expect that to continue. There's still a very big part. We talk about residential replacement versus discretionary. Still, 85% of that business is replacement market for us, and we have a really nice market share in that particular category. And as restaurants, hotels continue to come back online like they have been, our units are going to get exercises like everybody else's, and that replacement should continue for the foreseeable future. 
