Ajita G. Rajendra: Thank you, Pat, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. We continue to see the benefits in our performance from the housing recovery in the U.S. and our expanding consumer business in China. Here are a few highlights from our very strong quarter. Our organic growth drove sales 16% higher to $536 million. Sales of A. O. Smith-branded products in China grew 35%. Our adjusted earnings of $0.54 per share were 46% higher than the $0.37 per share recorded last year. Incremental margins associated with higher volumes of water heaters and boilers drove earnings higher. We celebrated the grand opening of our second water heater plant in China, which increases capacity in the region by 50% when the new plant is fully utilized. We also moved production of our fast-growing gas tankless products to the new plant during the quarter. John will now describe our results in more detail.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Thank you, John. Our outlook for 2013 includes the following assumptions: first, we see strong growth in our A. O. Smith-branded products in China, which are expected to add approximately $100 million to revenue this year. The team continues to serve our customers and introduce new higher-value products with richer features and benefits that enhance our premium brand. Growth this year is expected to top 20%, which is well ahead of our original 2x GDP projection. Second, we expect our Lochinvar brand to continue to benefit from the transition from lower efficiency, non-condensing boilers to higher efficiency, condensing boiler, as well as strong market acceptance of new products like our Lochinvar CREST condensing products, boiler -- condensing boiler product line. Lochinvar-branded condensing boilers continue to offer a compelling payback in the form of energy savings, and we have built a reputation for innovation and outstanding product quality. As a result, we expect Lochinvar-branded sales to grow at least 10% in 2013, well ahead of GDP growth in the U.S. Third, we are cautiously optimistic about the developing recovery in U.S. housing. We expect residential water heater volumes in the U.S. to be 400,000 units higher than last year based on an increase in housing completion, as well as growth in replacement units. And we continue to be pleasantly surprised by the strength of the commercial water heater industry. We now expect commercial industry units will approach 157,000 for 2013 or 6% higher than last year. Our performance in the third quarter and our outlook for the fourth quarter give us confidence to increase our 2013 adjusted EPS guidance to be between $2 and $2.04 per share. The midpoint of our new range represents the nearly 30% increase over 2012 adjusted EPS of $1.56 per share. Our guidance implies a relatively strong fourth quarter as compared to the fourth quarter last year when the benefit from Superstorm Sandy is considered. And our guidance is comparable to the third quarter we just completed when adjusted for income tax benefits, higher China volume and lower China advertising and selling costs. This guidance does not include the restructuring and impairment expenses associated with the planned rationalization, the settlement with a former supplier, non-operating pension costs or future acquisitions. Our GAAP EPS guidance is now expected to be $1.78 to $1.82 per share due to the impact from the restructuring and impairment expenses, partially offset by the settlement income, neither of which were in our GAAP guidance at the beginning of the year. This continues to be an exciting and transformative time for our company. We have cash and borrowing capacity for additional acquisitions, and our pipeline of acquisitions supporting our stated growth strategy to expand our global footprint in water heating and water treatment solution is very active. You have seen this slide before, and we show it only as a reminder that we will be a financially disciplined acquirer of companies that fit our stated corporate strategy. You should know that while we came close to completing a few acquisitions over the past 12 to 18 months, we walked away for various reasons. In the end, we held fast to our financial criteria and are focused on creating value and return for our shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. And now, we are open for your questions.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Let me ask -- answer that in a couple of different ways. I don't think they are maxed out on mix by any means, and that's because if you take -- let's look a different parts of the world. If you look at China, we are constantly adding new products with features and benefits that command higher prices. And obviously, what we try to do is to improve our margins with those new products. But that process will continue. We've been doing that in China for many years. It's part of our growth strategy and it's been very successful. And we certainly invest behind the engineering and new product development capability to be able to continue to do that. If we look at other parts of the world, as the housing recovery takes hold and our volumes go up, we've always said that the incremental margins come at pretty high -- the incremental margins are pretty good. So I think all of those circumstances are in play and we don't see that maxing out by any means. Now one thing that John did mention that, as we look at our margins in China in the last quarter, SG&A expenses were a little lower than normal, and that's something we don't expect to continue.
Ajita G. Rajendra: And I think also, when you -- everyone saw the news last week, late last week, that their third quarter projection of GDP was a little higher than expected, and we hope that all of this leads to -- and as John mentioned, moving towards a more consumption-based economy, will be helpful to us in the future.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Bill, one comment on the cyclicality. In the past, the third quarter used to be our slowest quarter. But that has changed somewhat because the third quarter is Lochinvar's strongest quarter. So that's kind of impacted a little bit.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Sanjay, also, let me jump in on that. Because clearly, when we look -- if you look our -- at the results coming out of India, we are disappointed. But the disappointment is driven entirely by the economy and what's happening with the economy. If you look at our own brand and our product, the volume is increasing, and more importantly, we are gaining market share. So all of that is very positive. We still feel that India is a very, very good long-term bet. And so we are continuing to invest. And even though the devaluation of the rupee is hurting us right now, it also is a great time to invest in the country in rupees in terms of advertising and brand building and things like that. So we are continuing to do all of that because again, we feel that it's a terrific long-term bet.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Yes, I think that's well put, and I can't add much more to that other than, from a strategy viewpoint, there's been no change in our thinking in terms of -- in thinking vis-à-vis acquisitions. The 10b5-1 plan that we put in place is because of the cash generation that we're doing. And it doesn't change our outlook and philosophy vis-à-vis growing by acquisition.
Ajita G. Rajendra: And also, just to add to that, John mentioned the replacement marker for water heaters. But also as we grow our water treatment business, the water treatment product has a replacement component to it in terms of filter. So that's something. Now we are not going to see that for a couple of years, but that's something that also we hope will start building out in the future. So as we look at China long term, we continue to be very bullish about the opportunities in China.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Scott, we -- when it comes to looking out into the future, obviously, we don't talk about pricing at all.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Let me put it -- let me answer the question a different way. In the past, over time, we've been able to pass cost increases out into the market, but it takes time and we do it over time. In the past, we've been able to do that.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Yes, the whole transition and the move from an operational execution perspective had gone very well according to plan. And from a customer perspective, it's gone very well. There have been no issues in terms of deliveries or anything like that.
Ajita G. Rajendra: And also, when you look at the growth in China, a lot of it is coming from new people coming into the market, okay, as people get into the demographic where they buy these type of products. And we have to constantly keep the advertising and promotion and programs communicating to them, the benefits of buying our product, why it's a premium brand and all the rest of it as you would with a typical consumer advertising strategy. So we see that as continuing, and it's a major part of the growth plan for China.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Yes, we are more than halfway through the blueprint stage and nothing has popped out that would make us change the forecast and the outlook that John just mentioned.
Ajita G. Rajendra: It's moving along on track. We -- in the next few months, we'll be introducing some products. It's going on track. It's not -- as we always said, that is going to -- it's a longer-term program because the market for that product hasn't quite developed. But we do see it developing. And so the more program is moving ahead.
Ajita G. Rajendra: It's an early '14. I mean, it's an early '14 thing. And initially, it'll be residential type combi boilers. Combi meaning it heats water and heat the environment.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Yes, we have not seen any slowdown, okay? The market has surprised us in its strength. And like John mentioned earlier, we've increased our outlook in terms of the commercial market in total going up to 157,000 units.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Charley, we are -- like we've said in the past, we are looking at things that -- it's yes and yes, there are smaller programs -- there are smaller opportunities and larger opportunities. And it's really difficult to comment on it before it happens, because like we've said, these things can happen or not, and you don't really know until you've signed the deal.
John J. Kita: The way we looked at it, Matt, is we looked at the inventory levels of our major customers September 30 of this year compared to September 30 of last year, and they were higher by X number of units which equated to about $10 million. There is always probably some buy ahead when you're entering the October holidays, early October holidays. But based on that is why we're saying we think it was $10 million more than the prior year.
John J. Kita: Well, as we've talked about in the past, they're walking kind of a fine line. They're trying to move to a consumer economy which will certainly benefit us, as that's our place in the Chinese market. They seem to have not necessarily implemented some of those taxes, et cetera, that we talked about early in the year with respect to capital gains, et cetera. So that did not take place. So time will kind of tell, going forward, where they are. But again, they clearly have to move to a consumer economy which we think will be benefiting to us because it will generate helpful information.
John J. Kita: We don't break them amount. But I can say, as we've said in there, that they grew over 10%. They're running at close to a 12% year-to-date positive run rate compared to the prior year in volume. Their margins are growing, and so they continue to perform very well. On the aftermarket side, we haven't seen any significant increase, it's been holding in at kind of the levels they've had in the past. So as we've talked about, they continue to do very well.
John J. Kita: Steel has been down year-over-year, so it's had a positive effect. As you know, part of that is a direct pass-through. As we go into the fourth quarter, our expectation is that will be the highest cost quarter of the year. As you know, steel has been going up, so it's been a marginal benefit for the year.
John J. Kita: Year-to-date sales are up 5%, and when you take into effect the currency has depreciated about 10%, your top line, apples-and-apples, would be up about 15%. As we've said at beginning of the year, we were hoping for them to break even. They will not, and the biggest factor has been the currency. They still outsource a fair amount of their product from China, and that's had a negative impact. Certainly, consumer confidence, given what's happened to the currency, has not been real strong in India, and that's a concern. But we expect, for the year, they're going to be up about 10%. Again, when you incorporate the currency, that's closer to 20%. So it's progressing, probably not as quickly as what we had hoped. But again, we can't do anything about the currency.
John J. Kita: Well, we didn't go back 2 years. We didn't have that data. But again, last year, all we could calculate it on is, last year, the inventory level was X. This year, it was $10 million higher and it was specifically a couple of customers. So that's how we came up with the number as an estimate of what the pre-buy, if you will, is compared to the prior year. So they're carrying higher inventory levels than last year by approximately $10 million. And that all really occurred kind of in the third quarter, up until -- at the end of the second quarter, levels were pretty comparable. So that's how we backed into it. And again, it's only an estimate.
John J. Kita: Yes, the real uncertainty is that we're estimating, again, based on our internal data that the industry's third quarter for residential and commercial will be the strongest third quarter in the last 5 or 6 years during the third quarter. So we had a very strong third quarter. As you are aware, we increased our level saying that the industry -- our estimate will be 8.5% for residential versus 8.1%, so that's up 400,000. If you look at completions, they're are only up 200,000. So that's coming from replacement. So our -- I won't say our concern, our unknown was the third quarter a lumpy plus that might not happen in the fourth quarter. So you're right. Traditionally, the third quarter would be nowhere near as strong in the fourth quarter, but this year's third quarter was very, very strong.
John J. Kita: Yes, the takes we look at it is, we have not changed our fourth quarter volume assumptions from what we said at the end of the second quarter. So the fourth quarter is what we originally thought. We said it'd be a tough comparison because last year, there was a pre-buy, we think, to meet incentives, volume incentives. So at the end of last quarter, we said we'd be up 18% for the year. Now we said we're going to be over 20%. But you're right, volume sequentially, we would expect to be down from the third to the fourth quarter. That will have an impact. The SG&A, we would say, would also have an impact. Third quarter is traditionally the lowest for advertising. Fourth quarter is higher. We also changed our advertising agency, which might have helped us a little bit in the third quarter from a cost standpoint. And the third is, the plant really was just operating at the end of the quarter. And we do expect that will have -- as we've talked about publicly, until we get to higher capacity levels, it's going to have a little bit of margin drag, just if nothing else, from the additional depreciation, et cetera. So I think you put all those together and you look at it for the whole year, we'll be up over 20%, and there will be a significant margin improvement in Rest of World year-over-year.
John J. Kita: Well, we did more this quarter than offset dilution. We bought, as we said, 1.24 million shares, so that's much more than dilution, and it was $53 million worth or something. We said, historically, we have 4 capital allocation options: grow organically, which we're doing this year by investing on our plants; acquisitions which we're actively looking at; dividends, which we raised last 2 quarters ago, 20%; and stock buyback. We bought over 3.7 million shares over the last 2 years. We bought a fair amount, as I said, this last quarter, and it's clearly an option for us.
John J. Kita: Well, I guess I would say, if the currency was back when we started this whole thing in the 45-plus range, I would say, we would probably be operating pretty close to breakeven. It really is the currency has been the biggest impact. When you look at what we said our volumes would be compared to when we started, I think we're pretty much on track. But the currency certainly has had a negative impact when you look at how much we're buying from China.
John J. Kita: Well we ended the year at about 5,200 stores, I think. Midyear, we were at about 5,400 stores. And now, we're at close to 5,700 stores. So there has been a nice growth in distribution. It's primarily in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. We did see sales increase in both Tier 1 and Tier 2 across the board. So I mean, the bottom line is, China had a great quarter.
John J. Kita: Well, I'll start out from the financial side and Ajita can add. But we have not changed our discipline on what our requirements are. And so yes, stuff has maybe gotten a little bit more expensive, but it all does come down to what sort of synergies, et cetera, we can provide, value added. And I would say the pipeline is relatively similar to what it's been a year ago. Some came out, and some came in and some have come back. And so we're actively looking. But again, we've said, we'll hold to our financial criteria, and we have.
John J. Kita: Well, we've continually raised our estimates on commercial, and we just have much more difficulty kind of estimating that. I think last quarter, we set 154,000 units compared to last year's, I think, 147,000. And now, because of a very strong third quarter in commercial, we're going back to the drawing board and we've raised it to 157,000 units. So again, it's just very hard for us to estimate that. There's -- obviously is some discretionary because, I mean, everybody you talk to, there's not a significant amount of commercial building going on. But we had -- it was a very strong third quarter.
John J. Kita: Well, we certainly think we'll continue to gain market share. And specifically, as we've said in the instantaneous side of the market where we've come out with the super quiet product, that's been a big contributor to our market share going from the low 20s to the 25%. Electric units all grew very nicely because of the series 8 we came out with, and so that had a very good quarter also. And then quite frankly, our water treatment, when we talked about it, was little less than $20 million last year. We expect that to double on the A. O. Smith brand this year. So that's doing extremely well. And then you throw in some of the ancillary product lines, like heat pump is very doing well, commercial is doing very well. So as we've said, we've grown a lot of different ways in China. It hasn't been dependent only on distribution. It's been growing distribution, growing market share, coming up with higher value products. We think the replacement market is coming and will continue to come. So we've done it in a lot of different ways, and we think that will continue.
John J. Kita: And why we said the consumerism is so important is the Chinese, based on all the surveys we see, provide premium brands that are providing value. And we think moving to the consumer economy, they're going to have to be able to increase income to make it affordable and then they'll prefer the premium brand. So we think that will be a positive going forward for us.
John J. Kita: Well, we've looked back and looked at the data, and I think, the data I looked at was '96 to '98, the industry averaged X. '99 to 2001, it averaged 300,000 plus. And then you go the next 3 years after that, that averaged another 300,000 plus. So you're right. In the 12-year replacement, which again is on average, is right in that sweet spot. So it would be our hope that some of that replacement would start growing. What we don't know is on the past, you had discretionary, and that's probably come down. Now we hope, given the economy coming back and the wealth factor, et cetera, for housing, maybe that'll get back to where it was before. But yes, we've said there's some potential from the replacement side because it's right in that middle part. And this is probably the first year we've seen it because up until now, it's been -- replacement has been pretty flat, which is a positive, but we'd like to get some growth out of it also.
John J. Kita: I don't have the specific detail, but it was all 3. I mean, units were up, i.e., volume was up and the average price per unit was up. And so -- and we did grow our distribution, so it was all 3.
John J. Kita: In round numbers, 40% of our stores are in Tier 1 and about 60% of our sales. So no, we don't get the same sell-through that you would in a Tier 1 as you would a Tier 2 and 3.
John J. Kita: Yes, the loss are declining. When you take out the amortization we have associated with the acquisition, it would be breakeven to slightly positive. So it's made good headway in 2013. More throughput, right? I mean, it's making the products for the A. O. Smith brand and you have much more throughput going through the plant, et cetera.
John J. Kita: Well, what we've kind of said is that we had -- Fergus this year will benefit approximately $4 million. And we've said that our expectation is, next year, for a full year, that it'll be a $10 million, so about an incremental $6 million. And we're kind of at that run rate now. We're running at, whatever that is, $750,000 a quarter. So it's -- we're pretty well complete and it's gone about as well as we could've hoped.
John J. Kita: Well, I think what we've said is we could, but we probably won't, because what we have in our brand we feel is something special. And so we cannot re-create that brand position today, so we're going to make sure we can maintain it. So we spend a fair amount in advertising, and I think we will continue to. Now a lot of the selling is somewhat variable because that's, as we open new distribution sites, et cetera, and new stores, we have to put in the displays and the employees, et cetera. So a decent portion of the selling is somewhat variable there. So on the margin, yes, there's some room, but we're committed to continuing to invest in the brand.
John J. Kita: We're very comfortable they'll more than double. In fact, they're close to almost doubling by the end of the third quarter going from 5 to, I think, the number was close to 9 or something, 9 or 10. So they're on track and doing what we expected.
John J. Kita: ERP is progressing right on schedule. We have the team assembled, and we're very comfortable with the adviser we're working with and it's right on track.
John J. Kita: Well, I mean, what we've said is the impact will be about $5 million this year, and that is primarily in the second half of the year because that's when we started it. And we said next year that it'll grow to probably about $15 million as you end up expensing more, et cetera. And so that will be primarily, I'll say, mostly the second half of next year because you're still capitalizing some stuff in the first half of the year. But right now, we're on track.
John J. Kita: Well, our GAAP says the market was probably up maybe 5% year-over-year. I mean, we're forecasting in our numbers that Q4 is going to be up slightly from Q3, and that's similar to what it was last year. So that's kind of where we're forecasting it, and time will tell.
John J. Kita: Residential, we would expect, is going to be up from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. We do not think it'll be as strong as last year because last year was helped by Sandy. But we do think sequentially, it'll be up. But again, I think we'd reiterated a couple of times, and this is typical, Lochinvar will be down sequentially from the third quarter to fourth quarter, exactly as they were last year.
