Paul Jones: Okay. Thank you, Pat, and good morning ladies and gentlemen. I'm going to start off with an apology. I've got a cold and my voice will probably come and go, but I'll try to do the best I can. I feel like I got my head in a trashcan talking. But in the third quarter, we continued to see improvement in sales and earnings as a result of our acquisition strategy and global footprint. Here are a few highlights. Our organic growth and acquisitions drove sales 12% higher to $462 million. Lochinvar acquired in the third quarter of last year achieved $63 million in revenues. We are seeing normal seasonality in boiler volumes as our customers prepare for the hydronic heating season in the US. In China, our sales of A. O. Smith branded products grew 22%. Our earnings improved to $0.71 per share, which excludes a $0.08 gain related to an adjustment to Lochinvar earn-out. Lochinvar continued to contribute significantly and meet the high end of our profit expectations. We met with many of you in late September at our Analyst Day in Nashville where we presented our 2015 growth aspirations as well as showcased our manufacturing excellence. To those of you who attended, we thank you for spending the day with us. Our slide deck from the day is currently available on our website. Last but not in any way least, I'm very pleased that our Board named Ajita Rajendra as my successor and the CEO role beginning January 2013. Ajita and I have worked together at A. O. Smith and at prior companies and he is an outstanding leader and manager. He and I developed the strategy we laid out at our Analyst Day last month together and Ajita is committed to it. I plan to serve the company and its shareholders in the role of Executive Chairman at least through 2013, and I have complete confidence in Ajita and our whole operating team. This positive transition will be seamless and positive for our company and shareholders. John, I'll now turn the call over to you to elaborate on our third quarter results.
Paul Jones: Well, Lochinvar traditionally third and fourth quarter are pretty comparable depending on the preseason buy in, et cetera. So we wouldn't expect a lot of difference between third and fourth quarter actually to be down a little bit in fourth quarter because we do think there was probably an early pre-buy. So that will come into play. Certainly, we do have a tough comp because of the pre-buy in commercial and we would expect that to be lower than last year's commercial level by quite a bit as we talked about. Residential, you can see by numbers we talked about the third quarter was down, somewhat unexpectedly. We expect the third – the fourth quarter to be fairly comparable to the prior year from a residential standpoint.
Paul Jones: I think on an ongoing if you recall, we said our objective for rest of world at our Analyst Day was to be at 13% level at 2015. We think we'll see improvement in India as we go forward, as we get some volume improvements there. We've also talked about SWT reductions and the operating losses there. So I think those two will be the biggest components. The China operating margins continue to be pretty steady. They were comparable to last year, a little bit down from the second quarter, but there were a couple of one-time items that affected them in the second quarter – in the third quarter, I'm sorry. So I think it's the combination of all three business units continuing to progress.
Paul Jones: Same-store sales are up slightly. I don't think the story has changed much. Tier 1, there were up a little bit more than they were last year's numbers. So that's a little bit of improvement because we have been running flat. Tier 2 cities are still running positive but as we talked about, they are running 20% plus last year and that number has been coming down. So we're still seeing some improvement in same-store sales.
Paul Jones: Yeah, this is Paul. We're off to an okay start that's about all we'll say. If I could, the industry data as you follow – sometimes it has some really wide fluctuations and so we tried to look at it on a rolling average basis, where one month can be off double digits and next month could be up double digits. We just keep operating business as usual through those cycles.
Paul Jones: No. I mean they've announced earlier they've slowed down and that's to be expected and they're working on the quality which frankly we see as positive. They're starting to actually close a couple of stores non-performing or poor-performing stores and which we think it means they're running their businesses very well. They're looking – making sure that where they had their capital investment, they're getting a return. But they obviously are affected by the slowdown in China. You can see the data. It's available out there and they're affected by that. The good news is the water heater business and some of their other appliance lines continue to do very well.
Paul Jones: When we closed they had a very aggressive internal plan and we said fine and we tracked our earn-out according to that. Internally, we – as you know, we're conservative. So we took a little more conservative approach. We were hoping they would hit their plan because every dollar of revenue that they achieved in this earn-out was good for our shareholders and the shareholders win throughout the whole process but we're just adjusting to a little more realistic date. We're not disappointed at all. The folks at Lochinvar have done a fantastic job and we're delighted with how well that business is doing. It's just when you have a supper aggressive plan that there's about a 10% chance to hit, 90% of the time you don't hit it and that's – and with a bright light of hindsight that's the way we're seeing it right now.
Paul Jones: Okay, we appreciate everybody's interest and you know our phone number, so give us a call if you have any follow-ups. Thanks much.
John Kita: Well, it's been running kind of year-to-date, we would expect the fourth quarter is going to be around 30%. We've had some variation in the tax weight rate without a doubt, I think it was 28% plus first quarter, 30%-some second quarter and now the average is 29% this year, so this quarter. So we're expecting about 30% to be the best guess for the fourth quarter.
John Kita: Actually their profit margin was up significantly this quarter, almost 25% -- I think 24.5%. So they had an excellent quarter. And that's just a function of the higher volumes contribute very well.
John Kita: And the cost reductions as Paul said, the synergies we achieved that had pretty much all been in by the third quarter. So I think it's that combination but clearly the volumes helped them.
John Kita: I think it was a little bit lower this quarter. We have a couple of accrual adjustments, et cetera. I think we had been running the first half of the year at 10.5 million to 11 million a quarter and I think that's a reasonable run rate going forward.
John Kita: Our pricing in the past – let me go a little back in history. In the past before the last two years, we've never really raised prices. We introduced new products with new features and benefits and drove our margins up through the new products and new features and benefits. The last two years, which is 2011 and 2012, we have increased prices on existing products and the price increases have stuck. So that's the good news. And during that time we've also gained market share in that higher price segment. So we've been able to drive that because – again, because of the strength of the brand and the new products and we continue during this time to introduce new products with new features and benefits. So all of that has helped to build the equity of the brand and for us to be able to sustain those prices, and the pricing is wholly. Now I don't want to imply that increasing prices in China is easy and can be done at any time, but so far the prices are holding and our position in that higher end is very strong and we continue to slowly increase our market share.
John Kita: I think it was a little higher this quarter mainly because of the residential, et cetera. We still have most fixed SG&A costs and sales were down. I think the year-to-date run rate is 23% and I think that's probably a reasonable percent as we look into the fourth quarter.
John Kita: Yeah, there were a couple of them. One is there was a new tax on a property tax like type tax that was put on multinationals and it was going back to the first part of the entire year, so we had to pick up the first three quarters. So that probably affected it by 50 basis points. And then as Ajita said, we've come out with a couple of really new and exciting products; one was the [side screen] water treatment as well as the low noise instantaneous and so we have some pretty hefty incentive type programs during the quarter that probably affected margins, another 50 basis points. So both of those I would view as somewhat one-time type items.
Ajita Rajendra: Scott, this is Ajita. We sense a little bit of positive. There are the ups and downs, but overall people are feeling little more positive than they were feeling before.
Ajita Rajendra: No, that's essentially right. I was in China a few weeks ago and met with some of their top management and they see the slowdown and they're managing through it. And as Paul said, shutting down some of the non-productive stores we see as very positive because it's volume that doesn't have a lot of profitability for us if we lose any volume and it's picked up by the other stores. So all that is very positive.
Ajita Rajendra: Yeah. We feel the inventories have worked themselves just out of the system. We were a little surprised at the lower residential volumes that we saw in September. But as Paul said that sometimes with a one month, we don't really pay a lot of attention to it and on the other side we were frankly very positively surprised by the strength in the commercial side of the business. So overall, things are moving along just as we have been seeing.
Ajita Rajendra: The wholesale is showing a little more strength than retail and retail inventories are a little bit on the lower side and they're managing them low. But we see that as a short-term type of cycle.
Ajita Rajendra: Yeah, the volumes are down and for a couple of reasons. One is that the rupee has devalued about 18% from when we planned this, so that's impacting us negatively. And we ran into some issues in terms of our supply chain and installing some equipment as we were expanding our line and going into our good, better, best strategy. So that held us back a little bit. But all those issues are behind us, not the currency issue but the operational and the supply chain issues are behind us. But the really good news is that the brand and the product continues to be very well accepted in the marketplace. And so we'll be seeing 20% plus growth this year, not where we expected it to be because of the issues that I indicated to you. But the product is very well accepted and showing a lot of strength in the marketplace.
Ajita Rajendra: They talk about it and the government has been talking about it and they have introduced some programs, but I think all of that is tied into their outlook and what's happening out there right now. They also feel very positive. This is internally about the changes happening in the government and the leadership, and feel that the right programs will be put in place to get the economy back. They have been pushing that out because earlier on this year they said the second half will be stronger. Now they're pushing it out to next year. But they overall feel that the government will have the right programs in place.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, we definitely got some benefit from the raw material as we talked about that – the raw materials are down from very high levels last year, third quarter, but we also got some help from commercial. I mean commercial was much stronger this year than last year, so I think those were the two biggest contributors to the margin improvement, ex-Lochinvar obviously. And the operations are running very well.
Ajita Rajendra: Yeah, I think that's exactly the way to think about it is the energy efficiency suddenly having an impact and especially on the commercial side where the payback is much more obvious. People are making the investment and we feel very positive about that because we have the products that can leverage that.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, thanks for asking the question everybody else wanted to ask. But obviously we can't show our hand. With regard to the acquisition pipeline, we continue to have active conversations with Japanese and both the US and in emerging economies that have a growing middle class. We've identified these regions in the past; Asia, Middle East and Sub-Saharan Africa and we have nothing else that we can add at this point.
Ajita Rajendra: One of the positives in terms of value creation with Lochinvar was the ability to take this product to other markets where we can leverage not only our brand but also distribution capability and service networks. So we are actively working on that. It is something that this product – the Chinese market which is the first area we would be looking at is not quite ready for this product. This type of application is handled by Cast Iron Boilers and much more regional type players. And what we're trying to do is to set up the distribution and the channels that can take this product to market. So there are teams from China who are – who have come here for training. In fact they have a Lochinvar team as we speak in China, gone the other way in terms of looking at the market and looking at how best we can build this. So it's a definite opportunity. It's not going to be something that's going to come right away. It's going to come in the next year or so and onwards from there.
Ajita Rajendra: Yeah, we've introduced some new products in China. One is the site stream which has much higher efficiency [RO] type of filter. And this is unique to us, it's a patented product and we charge a higher price for it and it's doing very well in the market. We've just introduced it, lots of promotions, just introduced it. And under the A. O. Smith brand and that's one of the things that's driving the A. O. Smith brand to be double what it was last year. So we see lots of positive things happening on the water treatment side. On the SWT side of the business, obviously that sale we had the major issues in the past and that's making improvement, not as fast as we'd like, but making improvement. I anticipate this year that our sales will be up about $3 million and our pockets will be up about $3 million, still negative but it is an improvement from last year.
Ajita Rajendra: Yeah, I think it's yes to all of them. I mean we are opening stores and we are also closing stores. And that's been an ongoing process because we have very strong requirements and tight requirements in terms of the performance of those stores. And if the entrepreneurs are not performing, then we shut them down or bring in new people. And that process is ongoing. I think with the turndown if anything, we are probably being a little more aggressive in shutting down the non-productive stores. And that's a good thing because that ensures that the sales that we have continue to hold their profitability. And we are expanding into the second and third tier cities and that expansion is moving along. And that's part of the reason that we've been able to show growth in our business beyond what's normally – what's happening in China and beyond what we see our traditional retailers experiencing. It's a combination of expanding into the second and third tier cities, expanding our stores with the new products, the pricing, putting all of that together is what's helping to drive our sales in China and we would certainly continue that formula.
Ajita Rajendra: No, the number of entrepreneurs, they are more than we can handle because the brand is so strong that there are lots of people who want it and we have not run into the issue where we see a reason and don't have people who want to come on board. It's the other way around.
Ajita Rajendra: And we manage that because we don't want to have too many people too close to each other and so we want to manage the number that's out there.
Ajita Rajendra: I think it's the normal combination. I don't know that I can't say that there's been a whole lot of new activity that's unusual. It's a combination of both them and frankly we've been very presently surprised at the strength of the commercial market. It's stronger than what we anticipated it to be, especially given the buy-in at the end of last year.
Ajita Rajendra: John, you're going to help us out. We've been – we were pleasantly surprised at the 3% and the people have been saying things are going to be getting better, probably getting – this was getting a little better, a little faster than we thought. But I don't want to spike the ball too early. I think things are getting better slowly and that's what we see in China.
