Ajita Rajendra: Thank you, Pat and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. 2015 was another excellent year for A.O. Smith, setting records for sales and earnings. We continued to see healthy end markets for U.S. commercial water heaters, our Lochinvar branded products, and our consumer products in China. We believe our organic growth outshines almost all other industrial companies. Here are a few highlights. Organic growth in both of our segments drove sales nearly 8% higher to a record $2.54 billion. Excluding the impact from the strengthening U.S. dollar against the Canadian and Chinese currencies, our sales grew over 9% in 2015. Despite being a sales record, this was lower than our previous estimate for the year as our year-over-year U.S. residential water heater volumes declined in the second half of the year, similar to the industry. China sales were up over 16% in local currency. Record net earnings of $3.16 per share were 30% higher than our adjusted earnings per share of $2.43 in 2014. We continue to review our capital allocation and dedicate a portion to return to shareholders. We repurchased approximately 1.9 million shares for $128 million during the year. We increased our dividend by 26% earlier this week, following the similar increase one year ago. And during 2015, we returned almost $200 million to our shareholders. John will now describe our results in more detail beginning with slide 4.
Ajita Rajendra: Why don't I give a general comment and then let John talk specifically about the cash. I was in China last week, and as you know, I go there very often. It's interesting that all of the talk that we hear about China in terms of the stock market and all of the things happening -- the people on the street, that is not even a topic of conversation. They are looking at different drivers and different things. I met with customers, I met with obviously a lot of people in our workforce. I had dinner with the ex-dean of the business school at Nanjing University. The focus and discussion are on very different topics. So things like this, they are not really -- it's not a topic of conversation within China. Specifically on stranded cash, obviously that topic wouldn't come up, but we don't have too many concerns about that. John, maybe you want to address it directly.
Ajita Rajendra: Let me take that, John. I don't think so, because first of all, GE has been in the business for a while and obviously the GE brand name is very, very well-respected here. They have -- they essentially make heat pump water heaters. It's a very limited line and haven't had a huge impact on the marketplace. Now Haier is a competitor; they are a very good company, also. They are a strong competitor in China. We have been gaining share from them in China. They have the capability of much broader product development. But again, it's early to tell. But it's not something at this point we're concerned about. Haier has -- when you look at the hierarchy of products at Haier, water heaters comes very low, and there is limited capacity that is available right now with the GE product line. We're not concerned about it, but it's something we're watching.
Ajita Rajendra: And also comfortable with what we've always been saying in the longer-term conversion from non-condensing to condensing. You're going to have these short-term blips, but that longer-term trend and trajectory is solid.
Ajita Rajendra: Also, just to add some color to that -- this is more anecdotal than quantitative -- but I was at ASHRAE and I know many of you were at the ASHRAE show. Talking to customers, they feel pretty good about 2016 and where business is going to be.
Ajita Rajendra: Yes. I feel very good about the new products. Like I said at the early part of the call, I was in China last week. We have an interesting slate of new products coming out. I don't want to be specific in terms of either new stuff that they haven't introduced yet. But the pace of new product introduction, the pace of innovation in bringing truly new things to the market as opposed to cosmetic changes -- because we do both -- There is some interesting new stuff that's coming out In water treatment. In air purification, we had essentially two SKUs. We had one SKU that we came out with in April; and another one, a smaller size which we introduced around October. Those two SKUs had $9 million of sales last year which again shows the power of the brand in the right categories with the right products, even though they were only two SKUs. We will be expanding that line also in 2016. I feel very good about the new products that are in the pipeline.
Ajita Rajendra: No. I think says it. It's about where we should be. In the past we have expressed some concerns that it was a little high, as we did, I think, about one year ago. Right now, I would say we're where we should be. And like I mentioned, we don't normally talk about monthly results, but what we saw in January was the type of increase that we like to see for the year.
Ajita Rajendra: Also, I think it's fair to say that we have ongoing -- because we always have been expanding. We expanded our factory, opened the new factory, October -- year ago October. We've expanded that facility right now; we haven't moved into it yet. We always have more capacity than we need in some areas and we're filling it up very quickly and building new factories and moving in. So I don't think -- as John said, I don't think you're going to see an unusual under-absorption level in the next couple of years.
Ajita Rajendra: No, I think that hits it. Because one of the things we didn't talk about a lot is the fact that the SAP, the ERP is going to be that much higher in 2016 over 2015.
John Kita: Ryan, it's clearly one of the things they are talking about is capital controls. We have in the past -- we took out about $100 million out of China in 2014. We certainly have uses of cash in China. As we talked about, we’re going to be adding the water treatment and air purification plant. We're looking at opportunities, always, to expand our product lines, as we did with air purification and water treatment both four or five years ago. So we will obviously continue to monitor the situation.
John Kita: Our best estimate, if you go back to the end of 2014, the fourth quarter compared to 2013, that was up about 180,000 units, fourth-quarter 2014 versus 2013. Our guess -- and it is a guess -- is that a healthy portion of that was pre-buy, because it was already out that NAECA was coming and there was going to be some discontinued lines. There was going to be some effect on some of the multi-family units, et cetera. So when we look back at it, we estimate it could have been as high as 150,000 units of pre-buy last year. When you incorporate that with the fact that completions were only up about 80,000 this year, you come up with the delta of about 220,000, explanation [ph] of the 300,000 units. We certainly have seen some of our customers reduce their safety stock because everybody now is delivering on time. So we think the combination of those two is the reason that it's down. We will obviously continue to monitor 2016 as it goes forward.
John Kita: We haven't quantified that. As we said earlier, it's really -- the margin improvements really came from three different areas. Commercial was very strong. We put price increases in earlier in the year on NAECA product, on non-NAECA product, and on commercial. We also put price increases in, in Canada. The third component, if you will, is lower steel costs. It's a combination of all three of those that are contributing to the improved margins.
John Kita: Well, it's not share. I would say our share was very consistent over the time period, so it was not share. Certainly, we're estimating some numbers. It's very possible this year, because of the downturn in 2015, could be closer to 200,000 up. We're just monitoring it. What we had, Kevin, is a significant increase in the industry from 2012, where it was 8.1 million units, up to 9.2 million units in 2014. Part of that was helped by new construction, but certainly part of it was helped by replacement. So it's really hard for us, quite frankly, to tell you within 100,000 or 200,000 units or within 2% of a 9.2 million units, what the exact number is.
John Kita: I think, clearly -- and we said it on the call last year -- 2015 first quarter, because of the significant price increase, the industry was up 300,000 units or so. And we certainly don't expect that to happen. I think -- as I looked at the history, the last couple of years, I would think we're going to approach more like the 2014 distribution by quarter. That would seem to be more sense for me -- maybe a little lighter in the fourth quarter because of the pre-buy. But otherwise, I think that's the more normalized distribution than what we had last year.
John Kita: Again, I think the best estimate for volume would be what I just said from the standpoint of residentials, our biggest business. I think that, that distribution in 2014 is probably reasonably representative. From a price standpoint, as we said in the call, we're about -- certainly through the end of April, we would certainly think we're going to see significant price, year over year. And then it starts leveling off after that, because that's when the price increases went in. If you look at our ownership since we've had Lochinvar, 2012, the distribution of our earnings has been 48%, 52%, first half, second half; and I guess as a high level, that is not in an reasonable estimate.
John Kita: A couple things. October and November were double -- the industry was down double digits; we were down about half that. And then we did see a decent recovery in the industry in December. As for us, if you look at the entire Lochinvar for the year, they were up about 7%. But when you take out China -- and the sales to China were about $4 million and we've talked about not only our China business struggling, commercial in China, but also Lochinvar. You take out the Canada shortfall and quite frankly, from a competitive standpoint, because we're competing against some competitors in Canada and the currency has moved so much, it's more difficult. You take those two out and they were up about 10%, even with the fourth quarter. So when we looked at December and we look at where we're projecting for the first quarter -- up about 10% -- we're comfortable with the full-year growth of 10%, year over year.
John Kita: Safety stock, we've just finished sales meetings and the input we got from the salespeople is, the inventory levels of our customers are reasonable, but as you've seen in the whole industrial landscape in the fourth quarter, the demand has been relatively weak. We have seen an improvement in our normal ordering patterns in December and January, but I'd say we're not quite normal yet. But I think we're on the right trajectory. I was just going to answer the second one. The trading down -- Jeff, I don't know. If you're talking about the discontinued electrics, in effect what we've probably seen happen there is, the commercial business has been strong in the 55-gallon to 90-gallon range. So one of two things probably happened either residential customers -- that were buying those residential units in that size now are buying commercial; or commercial customers that were buying the residential in that size are now buying commercial. That's one of the explanations on why commercial has been better. And could they be trading down? Certainly, it's a possibility to a smaller size, if you will.
John Kita: As we've talked to people, you would say it probably is due to macro uncertainty, but we don't know. The engineers are -- our customers are very busy; it's just the release of the projects weren't happening as quickly as they normally do. I don't know if that's financing; I don't know -- other macro issues. But again, we view it as probably only a temporary blip, because the good news is the engineers appear very busy.
John Kita: In the fourth quarter, it was $5 million for Canada and about $8 million for China. What we're estimating, based on current rates now, what 2016 headwinds could be, is closer to $40 million for China over 2015. And maybe another $15 million or so for Canada for the year, top line.
John Kita: All we can look at is based on our surveying data, et cetera. We have seen, in our estimation, that increase over the last two to three years -- which is logical, right? We have been selling in some sort of magnitude for the last 10, 12 years. Our units last on average about 8 or 9 years and we think it is probably longer than our competitors. So in tier 1 cities specifically, we have seen an increase in replacement. Our estimate would be, it would be approaching 50% or so, based on our data. But we don't quite have the data we do in the U.S., where you can -- everybody is reporting and you can take new construction and subtract it to get replacement. It's logical it's increasing. We would expect it is.
John Kita: You are right. From the standpoint of China, margins have come down a little bit. They were about mid-teens this year, about 15%, down a little bit from 2014. I think there are a couple things driving that, that Ajita talked about. I think the core businesses -- electric, gas, water treatment -- doing very well. But we're investing in air purification and will have a larger loss next year than this year as we grow the distribution platform. Commercial -- we've talked about, had a difficult year this year. That had a negative effect on China's margins and rest of world. And quite frankly, there's other businesses we're incubating that had larger losses, like combi boilers, where we think that's an important market in the future and we're committing to engineering. We're very comfortable, but the anticipation is down the road. Certainly it's to grow these margins and also to improve our profitability in India. So it's not going to happen overnight, but that is certainly an objective down the road.
John Kita: I think as we talked last year, the margins were negatively impacted because we were running a fair amount of CCTV advertising for water treatment. We did not have that this year. That was a pretty significant contributor to the improvement in the margins year over year in the fourth quarter. That was the major delta, is just we did not have that advertising on national television. And we kind of talked about in the past, these advertising spends can vary quarter to quarter and I think we outlined that last year in the fourth quarter. We did see better improvement in China margins this year than last.
John Kita: I don't think we would expect significant -- obviously we'll avoid some of the lease costs we have, et cetera and we're going to be able to be at a decent occupancy. To be honest, I have not -- it's really 2018 that -- it's going to open early 2018. I have not done a lot of analysis of that. But I wouldn't expect it is going to have a huge effect.
John Kita: I would have to look, but I know year over year it was interest income. When we saw that China could potentially lower rates, we laddered some volatile while away, but that will be expiring towards the end of this year -- towards the end of 2015. And that's why we said corporate expense goes up next year; interest income will be down, I think, $4 million or something from year over year.
John Kita: I think what we've done the last two quarters is above that, but that's been driven by mix as much as anything -- commercial and Lochinvar which is our highest margin product lines, certainly contribute to that; and resi being weaker. But I think there is puts and takes. Obviously, steel will probably be a benefit this year. On the other hand, we talked about the Canadian currency issues. That is going to be a negative. And then the other thing that ends up in the play in North American margins is, SAP is going to be up about $8.5 million to $9 million. That and the currency are probably the biggest factors on why there is a little bit of headwind from that standpoint.
John Kita: It was about $140 million. It was higher than what we thought it would be when we put out our projections. That compares to what -- $55 million or something last year. It's hard to say a higher margin. We would say at least as good a margin, but we're putting a fair amount back into advertising, et cetera, in development of that channel. So that is certainly the case. We would expect that's going to grow. I think right now their estimate is about 20% to 25% growth over where it was. But that is certainly becoming an important channel for us.
John Kita: Yes, we said over $20 million and we had about $16 million. What's happening in India is, we're making improvements on the water heater side. We still have a ways to go. But as we talked in the release, here, we're expanding our water treatment. We think that's a potentially large market for us and to enter a market like that is going to take a decent amount of investment from an advertising, distribution, expansion, et cetera, standpoint. So water heaters is improving and we're spending more on water treatment, ending up about the same point.
John Kita: On the water heater side, I think we've talked about in the past, it's about a $15 million business. Our expectation is to be a $30 million business. Somewhere around there would be a breakeven. I have the number for water treatment, but I can't recall it. It's probably a similar type of number. Maybe a little bit less.
