Ajita Rajendra: Thank you, Pat; and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. We set sales and earnings records again in the second quarter. Higher-than expected volumes of residential and commercial water heaters, earlier realization of higher pricing associated with NAECA III compliant water heaters, improved performance at Lochinvar, as well as lower than expected material costs resulted in stronger performance in the second quarter than we originally projected. Here are a few highlights. Organic growth in both of our segments drove sales 10% higher to a quarterly record of $654 million. China sales were up 15%. Net earnings of $0.79 per share were 20% higher than the adjusted earnings per share of $0.66 in 2014. We continued to review our capital allocation and dedicated a portion to return to shareholders. In addition to our regular dividend, we repurchased approximately 400,000 shares for $27 million during the second quarter. Our transition to NAECA III compliant products is complete. This is a very complex, complex project, impacting approximately 80% of our residential water heaters. I'm now going to hand it over to John, who will describe the results in more detail.
Ajita Rajendra: Yes. And I think, to add to what John said, the 8% to 9% is driven by a number of assumptions which we have talked about, which include North America, which we feel is going to be a little stronger because of the pricing action for NAECA III products and also China, driven by two times GDP and Chinese GDP. We are very comfortable with the overall guidance that we've been giving and that also includes the Lochinvar growing at 10%.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, a portion of it -- we do have accrual for a portion of it. It's approximately $200 million coming back home. So we do have an accrual on the books for that. Congress and the administration have talked about this probably four or five times over the last two years. So at this point we are not holding our breath on this happening. But we're happy to hear they are talking about it. And depending on what the cost is to bring it back, right now, in our mind, it's prohibitive to bring it back. So depending on what the cost is, we'll certainly consider that. But I think we've said all along -- and I don't think these changes it – that we're looking globally for acquisitions. And I think we'll continue to do that. So I wouldn't see us necessarily bringing back everything immediately, by any means. But we'll certainly evaluate it. We certainly do hope it goes through.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, we're looking at that as our planning process. We said this year we'll spend $19 million to $20 million in expense. Our best guess is that will be similar to maybe up a little bit next year, as we take more sites on in 2016. But we're evaluating that right now. We did our Johnson City plant, as we said, in August 2014. We did Lochinvar in May of this year. And given some of the NAECA items that have developed along the way, because it's been all-hands-on-deck from a NAECA standpoint – we probably will not do any more sites in 2015.
Ajita Rajendra: I mean, as I think we talked about last time, we weren't expecting anyone to really have any significant hiccups. So this has been in process for quite some time. From what we see, there really has not been much in the way of share changes during the first half of the year.
Ajita Rajendra: And also I think, Bill, anecdotally our brand is positioned at the high end. It's an aspirational brand. So as people's incomes get higher, and they replace, then if they decide on buying a better brand, then they gravitate more towards A. O. Smith. So it was a combination of all of that. But as John said, we don't really have any good quantitative data to back it up.
Ajita Rajendra: And you know, the only thing I would add to that is that the strategy behind Lochinvar is new products and coming out with new things. And we continue to invest in that area. As you saw during the Analyst Day, we are expanding our capacity in terms of engineering and testing capability and expanding the factory. And all of that is going well. And we will continue to invest in the key drivers, which is technology and being first to market with the best products in the marketplace.
Ajita Rajendra: Right. Well, the incremental of ERP. So I mean you can kind of look at -- we're talking about $20 million of expenditures in 2015. And it's roughly flat lined, 5 million a quarter -- not quite, but about 5 million a quarter. What we're saying is last year in the quarter, it was about 1 million or so. And so there was an incremental four. So second quarter compared to third quarter ERP costs this year will be relatively similar.
Ajita Rajendra: Yes. We really are not going to break that out. And it's difficult to get your hands around it. But those -- the pieces I alluded to, the Canadian price increase, the price increase on non-NAECA, Lochinvar, the sale of higher-priced NAECA product, and lower material costs -- all of those where relatively significant factors in the improvement.
Ajita Rajendra: I think we said that they were -- commercial, we said there was a wide range depending on the geographic location and the type of product. I think you are probably somewhere in the high single digits on the other type products.
Ajita Rajendra: Maybe I'll take a stab, and John, you add to it. You know, unfortunately the visibility of inventory in most of our channels is very tough. Okay? In wholesale it's very difficult to take a look at. The retail side -- it's a little easier. And China, like I said, China is the one that -- again, it's an estimate. We feel it's a little on the high side, but not higher than last quarter. It's higher than the end of the year or from one year ago. But again, this tends to be lumpy sometimes when you look at it quarter-by-quarter because of the fact, as we have talked about in terms of people trying -- sometimes buying in to hit volume targets -- quarterly volume targets for VIPs; sometimes buying in for holidays, etcetera., that have high sales. So we're watching it. We are not concerned about it, but we are watching it.
Ajita Rajendra: Right. So bottom line, we are comfortable with the annual guidance. And we are not overly -- we are watching, but not overly concerned about the inventory levels.
Ajita Rajendra: It's still pending, but we don't expect a big impact on the market because of that for some time. It's a long period of time.
Ajita Rajendra: You know, we do manufacture some of them, but it's not a huge impact. But again, like I said, we don't see a huge impact of that legislation hitting this industry, if at all, for a long period of time.
Ajita Rajendra: Not really. When you think of the water heater industry and General Electric, they are small player in one category which is heat pump water heaters. And that's part of their appliance business, which is pending sale to Electrolux. And so we expect that to continue. We don't know of any change in strategy by Electrolux, and so we have no idea – it's a very small impact on the industry.
Ajita Rajendra: There's a lot of questions there. So, promotion-wise, certainly we are spending more on promotion on air purifiers, water treatment, and also online. So that's a fact. We are spending more on those areas, as they are relatively new areas. So we are spending more promotion dollars there. As we have talked about in the past that SG&A spend can be very volatile. Last year it was very volatile. And we ended up at about 13.8% or so for rest-of-world, which was driven by China. But there was wide differences by quarter-to-quarter. This year we're thinking it's going to be more leveled out. And we have talked about being about 13.5% to 13.75%, let's say, for the full year. And that drop is driven by a couple things: it's driven by our investment in air purification. It's driven by our investment in water treatment in India. And also, we started selling water treatment in Vietnam, and that's having a negative effect on those margins. So we're very comfortable with where the margins are. They're pretty much what we had talked about. And again, what differentiates us from a lot of people in China is our growth model isn't dependent on only one item. We have those three buckets, and that gives us some comfort going forward. We will continue to build the brand and invest in the brand. I don't know if that answers your question.
Ajita Rajendra: No, we don't. Like we've always said, we are always going to – there are going to be quarterly ups and downs in the marketplace in China. And we are very comfortable – or anywhere – and we are very comfortable with the longer-term guidance that we've given. And we manage the ups and downs as best we can, as we see them coming. Specifically in terms of the stock market, like I said, we are not concerned about the impact of it in terms of looking at the number of people it impacts, and all the reasons I gave -- and the fact that it's up 70% from last year, anyway, even with this recent drop. So we don't see that as having a long-term impact on our type of customer.
Ajita Rajendra: Yes. In terms of pricing in China as we go on – first of all, for obvious reasons we can't talk about pricing. But in China in the environment is – we rarely – our pricing comes from new products with new features, and benefits, and different value propositions that we are able to then get higher prices in the marketplace. Being a consumer appliance, that's essentially the way we improve unit price in the marketplace in China. The environment for pricing is – you know, it's a very tough environment. If you look at the CPI and PPI in China, they are actually headed downward. But in terms of tying to inventory levels, like I said, we are watching it. We are aware of it. But at this point we are comfortable with the guidance for the year.
John Kita: Well, you are right. We have not looked at the 2016 plan yet. We'll do that later in the third and fourth quarter. I think from a modeling standpoint, we are very comfortable still with that 8% to 9% organic growth that we have consistently talked about. So from a top line, we think that's very achievable. And from a margin standpoint, we've said we are going to try to continue to increase margins. Obviously there's factors that affect that, including steel costs, which are volatile, et cetera. But again, we haven't really done the modeling yet for 2016.
John Kita: As Ajita just said, I think we're comfortable with that two-times GDP. You have seen the model, Rob, on how we've grown water treatment from an ancillary product line -- continues to grow significantly. It was 75 million this year. It will be over 100 million next year. So that's certainly -- we expect that to continue as the market continues to grow. We've said consistently we think the water heater market in China will grow somewhere in that 7% range, helped by higher replacement, which we're certainly seeing in Tier 1 city. And you know, the third bucket we've talked about is gaining market share, which we're continuing to do on the GAF side. We're adding distribution; we're over 7,500 outlets. And we'll continue to have higher price increases at higher price as we bring products to market that have values and features the consumer wants. So the model we have to grow the business, we think, is intact. You're going to have some lumpiness on a quarterly basis, when you might have higher inventories because of VIP incentives that they are trying to get, etcetera. We don't necessarily look at a quarter-to-quarter. What we're looking at is full-year of that two-times GDP.
John Kita: I think, Scott, overall -- as John said -- we try not to react too much to the quarterly ups and downs. And we're very comfortable with the two-times GDP guidance for the year.
John Kita: And like I said, and you indicated, we are not concerned about the stock market and the impact, because I listed out the reasons we are not. And everything that we check on and the people we consult reconfirm to us that that's going to have little to no impact on, as you mentioned, household formation and the other drivers that really drive our volume.
John Kita: They actually went out earlier, Scott. We would've said -- we thought the industry would be down over 10% in the second quarter year-over-year for both residential and commercial. And we thought there would be a little bit of a lull after – you know, we could only manufacture the old one from April 2015, and the new one we started manufacturing on April 2016. We thought there would be a little bit of a lull, but we really did not see that. Essentially, the residential and commercial markets, we're thinking, are going to be about flat year-over-year for the quarter. And that surprised us. But the benefit of that is we have higher volumes than we thought. We also started selling the higher priced NAECA units earlier than what we thought. And so if you ask me when, I guess I would say kind of third – you know, third – certainly sometime last half of April, we started seeing the benefit of that. And that was earlier than we thought.
John Kita: So last year it was 9.2 million units. We said we thought there was some pre-buy in the last half of the year, and that it was going to be flat to up very slightly is what we said in the first quarter. Now, based on what we've seen in the first quarter and the second quarter, we would say industry units will be up 150,000 to 200,000 units, so somewhere in that 9.350 million to 9.4 million range.
John Kita: Well, so gross margins were up significantly. And it was primarily in North America, and it was a combination – Lochinvar and a very, very good quarter and year-to-date. So their margins were up several points. And on North America, margins were up. And as we had talked about, we had some price increases for commercial and non-NAECA III products due to wage and medical cost inflation. So that went in place during the quarter. We had two price increases in Canada during the first half of the year, and then we had higher-priced NAECA products, which had higher cost. But in addition, what you said is material costs did come down during the quarter and that benefited. So it was primarily in North America, and it was a combination of items. Now, to your next question, I think obviously there is – volume that can skew that. I think you are aware, when you look at the history of the water heater industry, the third quarter normally represents about 22% to 23% in the volumes, which -- so that can theoretically affect gross margins. But I mean, I think at current price and current material costs, those margins are reasonable on a several quarter basis.
John Kita: I can tell you, based on our survey data, there is no good data put out by the government on that, or at least we haven't found it. But when we look at our surveys that we have of people that bought, when I was over there two or three years ago and I ask every time I'm over there – they had talked about Tier 1 cities kind of being in the 35% range or whatever. And as we've been over there more recently, the talk is closer to 50% in Tier 1 cities. And that's logical, because you've now got pretty high penetration rates in Tier 1 cities for water heaters. So now we talk about our life being eight years. We're not going to comment on the life of what our competitors are, but at eight years you'll start having some replacement. So we think it's a bigger piece of the pot. And quite frankly, it will probably grow into bigger pieces of pot, especially in Tier 1 cities.
John Kita: Well, I'll start, and then Ajita can fill in. The aftermarket was up about 9%, which has been pretty consistent with what we had expected. Their commercial market has been very strong. We have talked about beginning of the year we thought the commercial industry for water heaters would be flat, and now we're talking it's going to be up 3%. They are continuing to see very strong commercial build. As I alluded to earlier, their margin points are up several points in the first half of the year. Their sales are up over 10% the first half of the year and their business continues to do very, very well. It's helped, obviously, by the new products that have come out. They expanded their line on the CREST down to 750,000 BTU. They bought out a fire tube boiler in the smaller range, and that's doing well. So all in all, Lochinvar had a great first half of the year. And they contributed to the performance in North America.
John Kita: Ajita, he was asking about raw material costs and pass-throughs etcetera. On wholesale, it's done traditionally through price adjustments, price increases or decreases, depending on the marketplace. But there is no direct pass-through on the wholesale side.
John Kita: I think they vary. They go in different cycles. And some of them are sooner than others. But they tend to be a little bit after.
John Kita: Well, I think I alluded to it. I think the 19.4 -- what it was, based on current prices and current material costs and the continued strength in the commercial market -- which, remember, helps two of our operations; it helps our commercial water heater, and it helps our Lochinvar, which are higher-margin business. We are not uncomfortable with that range, given those factors.
John Kita: When we look -- Todd, when we look at North America, as Ajita said, we don't have great visibility. But when we talk to our customers, our impression is that levels might be slightly elevated -- but not to any significant level, which is good. And that's why we felt comfortable increasing the full-year residential and commercial, because of our understanding of what's in the channel. Again, with the caveat we don't have great visibility. But certainly, we talk to our customers.
John Kita: We haven't seen – so last year online sales were $55 million. Through the first six months they were about $50 million. We're still tracking towards the $90 million to $100 million that we have talked about on previous calls. So we haven't seen any impact whatsoever, and we are progressing as we expected.
John Kita: No, I don't think it's going to grow at that trajectory. It's not going to go at 100% a year. There's still an – and again, we have different components of that. So water heaters probably represent about 75% of net sales. Water treatment represents 20% of net sales; and air purifiers, maybe 5% of net sales at most for the year is what we're expecting. So we think it will probably still continue to grow, but not at that trajectory.
John Kita: No, I guess what we're saying, David, is we were about – we'll be about 19 million or 20 million this year. And it was flat-lined -- somewhat flat-lined at 5 million a quarter, let's say. Last year, the first half of the year, it was 14 million. It was only about $4 million. Okay? So the 10 million versus 4 million is -- it affected us $6 million compared to the prior year. This year, the last half of the year, it's going to be roughly 10 million of ERP in 2015 compared to 10 million of ERP in 2014. So I don't know if that clarifies for your question, but it won't have an impact on margins over the prior year.
John Kita: And volumes. So when you look at volumes for the water heater industry, it's normally about 52% or so in the first half of the year, 48% the last half of the year. Commercial is very similar. So, volumes second half of the year will be a little bit less than the first half of the year, which has an impact.
John Kita: And I think as Ajita has alluded to, in 2008 the market dropped much more significantly than what it did. And it didn't have a significant effect on consumer spending. So we've looked at a lot of economists work, and there's no empirical evidence that ties to stock market move to consumer spending. And again, we also say – or household formation, so time will tell if this is something different, but there's nothing from a historical standpoint that supports that.
John Kita: I wish I could answer that. We haven't done a great job of estimating the commercial market. We continue – you know, we talk to our salespeople, and they are seeing it in a lot of different components. You know, gas, high-efficiency is becoming a bigger piece in the last three years. And that certainly is in one of our areas of strength. The hotel and the restaurant business is doing fairly well. So we are seeing construction there as well as retrofit work. We're also seeing for redundancy work being done. That's on kind of the commercial water heater. And then the verticals that Lochinvar works with are the educational side. And they are starting to see some potential in the healthcare side, et cetera. So there's been a lot of talk about commercial coming back, and it hasn't. But it has, for our businesses, come back pretty well. So we certainly cross our fingers and hope it will continue for the next several years.
John Kita: Not much change in the industry. It's relatively flat year-over-year. But obviously, because of the currency, it's been affected. I mean three of the four players on manufacture in the U.S. So there's been impact there -- three of the four major players, I should say -- impacted there. We had some currency translation, adjustment of our top line, obviously, as the currency has devalued. But as I said, there's been price increases that have gone in there.
John Kita: Well, it's anecdotal replacement, and its anecdotal surveys that we do of people that buy water heaters. And it really is kind of the Tier 1 -- where I alluded to earlier. It's gone from 35% to 45% and 50%. So it truly is anecdotal. But it also makes sense, right, because of the high penetration rate for some time. Water heaters don't last forever, so they are going to be replaced. Water treatment Ajita alluded to: CMM has estimated a 35% to 40% growth rate over the next four or five years. We are comfortable with that growth rate. We have the right product in the right market with our reverse osmosis and our tankless product. We feel we have the best product on the marketplace. So we are comfortable with those types of growth rates as we look at it.
