Ajita G. Rajendra: Thank you, Pat, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. The first quarter of 2016 was another excellent quarter for A. O. Smith, setting first quarter records for sales and earnings. We continue to see healthy end markets for our consumer products in China and boilers in the U.S. We believe that our organic growth prospects differentiate us from most other industrial companies. Here are a few highlights. Sales grew 3% to a record of $637 million. Excluding the impact of the strengthening U.S. dollar against Canadian and Chinese currencies, our sales grew 5% in the first quarter. China sales were up 17% in local currency. Record first quarter net earnings of $0.83 per share were 28% higher than our earnings per share during the same period last year. We continue to review our capital allocation and dedicate a portion to return to shareholders. We repurchased approximately 430,000 shares for $30 million during the first quarter. We increased our dividend by 26% three months ago. John will now describe our results in more detail beginning with slide four.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Thank you, John. We expect our business to collectively grow between 9% and 9.5% in local currency and between 7% and 7.5% in U.S. dollars in 2016. The assumptions for currency underlying our organic growth forecast are at current rates, with the exception of a modest decline assumed in the China currency rate. We expect steel prices to remain firm, as they are up over $150 per ton since the beginning of the year. This will have a negative impact on margins starting in the second half of the year. Specific to our North America segment, we expect four months of pricing benefit in 2016 as the 2015 price increases in the U.S. will anniversary in late April. We expect U.S. residential water heater volumes will grow by 100,000 to 150,000 units in 2016, primarily as a result of new construction. We are seeing a trend emerge in the commercial water heater industry. The majority of the growth in commercial industry units so far in 2016 has been in the 55-gallon to 90-gallon electric category. You may recall similarly sized electric residential units were discontinued by NAECA III. Driven by continued growth in the small electric category, we expect U.S. commercial water heater volumes will grow 10,000 units in 2016 after strong growth in 2015. Residential and commercial boiler sales growth in the first quarter exceeded 15% as the continuing transition to condensing boilers and Lochinvar's new product introductions drove growth. Recall that about 55% of our Lochinvar-branded products are boilers and related products, including parts. The remainder, which is composed of residential and commercial water heaters, which declined in the first quarter primarily due to a heavy pre-buy a year ago. Our Lochinvar-branded sales are seasonally skewed to the second half of the year, which coincides with the heating season. The water heaters we sell in Canada are manufactured in the U.S. The Canadian dollar weakness has resulted in a significant product cost increase to our Canadian operations in 2016, which has been partially offset by announced price increases. The magnitude of this headwind is over $5 million. These factors, in addition to the assumptions John discussed earlier, lead to our expectation that our North America segment operating margin will be between 20.5% and 21% in 2016. Specific to our Rest of World segment, we are a consumer products company in China, which distinguishes us from most industrial companies operating in China. In local currency, our sales in China have grown by 18% in 2014, 16% in 2015, and 17% in the first quarter of this year, despite a softer China economy. We have various growth drivers underpinning our China business, which give us confidence to project an annual growth rate of approximately 15% in local currency for 2016. These drivers include: overall water heater market growth driven by household formation and an emerging replacement market; geographic expansion; market share gains; growth in water treatment and air purification products; and an improved product mix. The Rest of World segment operating margin for 2016 will be similar to last year's margin of 13%. I'm now moving on to slide 11. Especially in these volatile and uncertain economic times, we believe our long-term annual 8% organic growth potential and our stable defensive replacement market, which we believe represent approximately 85% of North American water heater and boiler volumes, positively differentiates A.O. Smith among other industrial companies. Coupled with growth and stability, we have a strong balance sheet poised to take advantage of strategic acquisitions that add shareholder value as well as allow us to return cash to shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks, and now we are available and open for your questions.
Ajita G. Rajendra: And maybe just one thing also, Bhupender, when we look at – for our 15% growth we look at a market growth of about 7%, and then the other components in terms of things like new products, market share growth, et cetera, are coming in to add up to our 15%. So right now, we feel comfortable with what we see.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Right. And also, we are always very cognizant of these costs and doing things to bring them down. John said something that reminded me. In the past when we had – when we expanded, and we had new promoters, we spent a lot of money training those promoters. Now, we do obviously still train them, but we use things like WeChat and different tools that bring that promotion – the training cost of these promoters down very significantly, okay? So we are always looking at how we make those SG&A expenses go down and become much more productive. But at the same time, as we expand geographically and get into new categories, we are going to have to be spending, investing to make sure that we have the adequate presence in those categories with new competitors.
Ajita G. Rajendra: And we have some market leading products coming out during the year that'll help the fourth quarter season. So we feel pretty good about that forecast.
Ajita G. Rajendra: And also, Mike, in terms of what customers are saying and what we're hearing in the marketplace, so this is anecdotal, but things we are hearing and consistently is that there was – obviously the buy-in was bigger than we anticipated, I thought it was. And part of the reason, which is what we're hearing, is that, normally, when there is a buy-in because of a price increase, it's the distributors who buy in. But this time, it seems like contractors bought in also, okay, that's what we're hearing. And the reason is that some of the new NAECA III type units were slightly bigger than the older units. So it was a tight fit, especially in multifamily housing, which is doing very well. And so there seems to be a new component of the buy-in. In talking to other plumbing industry suppliers to the wholesale marketplace, obviously people we don't compete with, also their thoughts in terms of new construction is very similar to ours, in that 1.1 million to 1.2 million type new construction. And so putting it all together, talking about what the sell-through rates are at distribution, we feel pretty good about the forecast and the guidance.
Ajita G. Rajendra: But also I think it's – you can say that our most challenged category from a margin perspective is our residential water heater category, which we've talked about in the past. And again, we've said in the past that we expect 20% to 25% type incremental in that category and we feel pretty comfortable with that.
Ajita G. Rajendra: I think also to add to that, as I look out into the future in terms of our – again, to be the leader, we have to have market leading products and we have a tremendous portfolio of products in the pipeline which I feel very good about. The other thing which I alluded to at the beginning of the conversation is that we are also now expanding and stepping into the commercial side of the water treatment business. This would be appliances for small restaurants and things like that. So we feel very good about the potential for water treatment in China and frankly around the world in emerging markets.
Ajita G. Rajendra: So if you look at the different components – the different segments of people buying, if you think of new construction, it's going to happen. If you think of forced replacement, it's going to happen. If you think of – there is about, we think, 20% to 25% depending on the year and the economy of the replacement market is discretionary replacement. Now, that component you can say, wait a minute, maybe price does impact it, we don't have any real good facts. But at the end of the day, someone's going to buy a water heater maybe once, maybe twice in a lifetime. So it's not a price point that people have in their minds as being something familiar. When they are in the market, they go in and they check on a price and then they decide whether they're going to go ahead or not. That component could be impacted, but we don't really see evidence of that. We'll know more as time goes on because we have techniques, which we do track things like that and track people who buy water heaters and some of the reasoning. But some of those things – that data lags and we'll have to – it'll take us some time to really get to the bottom of that.
Ajita G. Rajendra: I think, look, the pricing that we had last year is holding in the marketplace. In terms of the future, I really can't speculate in terms of what could or couldn't happen.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Yeah. Scott, I'm not going to speculate on future pricing, okay? I mean that's something I've never done. If you look at over time, okay, let's look at the past rather than looking at the future, over time when there are significant material price increases, we've been able to pass that on to the marketplace. That's what the history has been. I can't speculate in terms of the future when it comes to pricing for obvious reasons.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Obviously, we can't talk about anything that's happening. But I can talk about there was a lull in the market in terms of potential – the activity level in the marketplace. There was a lull for a while, but recently things have picked up a bit. So there are the ups and downs, as you know, and the market is active.
John J. Kita: Yeah. I think the only thing I would add is obviously wage inflation is going up faster in China, and so there is some inflation cost also in that SG&A number.
John J. Kita: Yeah. And I think just remember that in our China growth model, we're assuming about 7% market growth in water heaters. And we're comfortable with that as appliance sales seem to be going up 6% and 7%, and I think we're going to benefit from the fact that replacement is becoming a bigger component. So those are kind of our assumptions in our 15%.
John J. Kita: Well, all we have, Charley, is kind of our survey data. And as we look in Tier 1 cities, if you go back two or three years, that percent was about 35% replacement, and now it's approaching 50%. And that's just logical as penetration in Tier 1 cities is probably approaching 90-plus-%, and units fail. I mean we talk about our units lasting eight years to nine years and we think maybe our competitors' last less, and now replacement is going to become a bigger component.
John J. Kita: No, I don't think that by itself results in lower promotional expenses, I don't know if you can see that, but I don't think that would.
John J. Kita: Well, I think without a doubt, as Ajita said, our long-term objective is to have SG&A as a smaller percent of sales. I mean we want to be able to leverage our top line growth. But right now, we're investing – we're incubating some businesses like Combi Boilers, like water treatment, like air purification. And as we expand the distribution outlets, we incur costs for display, we incur costs for promoters, et cetera. So that's still kind of the mode we're in right now. But clearly, our objective is down the road to be able to leverage that.
John J. Kita: Yeah. I would say, it won't really affect margins much in the second quarter. As you know, there is a lag. But we certainly do see a progression of margins affecting the third quarter and fourth quarter because this increase really started happening in March, late February. And so it's going to affect us in the third quarter and fourth quarter.
John J. Kita: Yeah. Water treatment did very well, was up 30%. We would expect it would be up about 30% for the year. Air purification did quite well. As we've said it's a seasonal business. It was up about $8 million or $9 million. We didn't basically have a product the prior year. And as we've said in the past, it'll really be the fourth quarter and the first quarter will be the major selling points for air purification. So we're still comfortable with that forecast of $20 million or so, and it'll be primarily first quarter and fourth quarter.
John J. Kita: It really relates, Mike, to what Ajita said, the 55-gallon to 90-gallon electric category, that represented all of the growth. We just recently introduced products to better compete in that portion of the commercial water heater market and we expect to get our share of this market as the year progresses. But that's really the reason we were down a little bit while the market was actually, we think, up a little bit.
John J. Kita: Well, obviously, the first quarter was down, and quite frankly it was down more than we expected. We would have thought it would have been down 300,000 or so, the pre-buy that we said last year and it will turn out to be down more than 400,000. We're still comfortable with that 100% increase -- I mean, 100,000 unit increase for a couple of reasons. One is we obviously have very favorable comps as we get to the last half of the year. We expect completions to be up about 100,000 to 150,000, so that should pass through. We just completed our regional sales managers, and I think as the input we got from them is that they're positive and their customers are positive for the year. So we'll continue to monitor it. But yeah, it did start out a little slower than we thought, but we think that forecast of $9 million, $9.1 million is certainly achievable at this point.
John J. Kita: Rob, we really haven't come out with a forecast on what margins are going to do in the next couple of years, and there is obviously a lot of variables in that. I mean we still expect that the industry is going to continue to grow, because that 1.1 million completions, that's below the norm we think. So we think that's going to continue to grow. We think that Lochinvar, given where they are specifically from a boiler standpoint, we think will continue to grow at 10%. And they obviously contribute at very attractive margins. So it's certainly our objective to grow margins, but we have not put out any forecast on what they're going to do in the next couple of years.
John J. Kita: Well, CMM has put out an estimate that they think the water treatment market can grow over approximately 30% for the next several years. And the basis for that is the low penetration rate of units in China. We also are familiar with the water issues they have. We have the best product in the market. It wastes less water, longer lasting filter. And it's RO which is the area that is the preferred method for water filtration in China. So we're very comfortable as we look out that a 30% growth rate is achievable. And so whether investors are incorporating that or not, I mean we think we're building a very good water filtration business. Last year, the A.O. Smith brand sold $110 million worth; that was up from $75 million the previous year and up $43 million the prior year. We also have some small sales in Vietnam, some small sales in Turkey, and we're also still selling the legacy business. So I think we're developing a very solid water filtration business.
John J. Kita: No. I think to answer your last question, we have not seen any pushback from the end customer. And I've said this in the past, I mean if you look at what a water heater costs, it is the cheapest appliance out there. It's at a six-year warranty. It's going to last 13 years to 14 years, and it's very energy efficient. So it is a very realistically priced product to the end consumer, which is obviously important.
John J. Kita: So we've taken out in the last two years or so $150 million of dividends out of China. When you take it out of China to Europe, you pay about a 10 – not about, you pay a 10% withholding tax to China. And then to bring it back from Europe back to the U.S., it would be an incremental low 20% type charge. So I mean that's the whole discussion going on in Washington, right, is it's very expensive to repatriate money back to the U.S. And until the government makes some changes in it, companies are going to keep it offshore. So we continue to look for opportunities in China. So at this time right now, we're leaving that money there, and we're comfortable with that.
John J. Kita: Well, I'm not sure, Scott, the pre-buy was last year. That was when the pre-buy happened was last year, and it really happened kind of up through middle of April. I think our order rate, I'd tell you in April is about normal. So again, I think we have favorable comps the last half of the year, and we would hope we're going to see completions grow by 100,000 units, 150,000 units. So we'll certainly have better visibility as we get through the second quarter, but we think right now it's reasonable.
John J. Kita: Yeah, but it's very short period, right, because again the pre-buy went through April 15 of last year, so I mean we're looking at a very short period.
John J. Kita: Yeah. Lochinvar had an interesting quarter. As we said, they were up about 15% on the boiler business, but they were down significantly on the residential side. And the reason for that was last year they had a pre-buy. Their units were up 44% compared to the prior year, while the industry was only up 14%. This year, their units were down 39% versus the industry as we said was down 16%. So their residential water heater sales were down over $2 million. So when you incorporate that into the boiler growth, they were up about 3% on a net basis, I think 4%, 5% on a gross basis. And why we're still comfortable with the 10% is they have favorable comps the last half of the year and their new boiler products have been very well accepted in the marketplace. So we think this residential piece was just a lumpy kind of quarter-to-quarter issue.
