Ajita G. Rajendra: Thank you, Pat, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. A 6.5% sales growth in the first quarter was driven by continued demand for our consumer products in China and positive end market for our boilers in North America. Here are a few highlights. Record sales of $788 million, adjusted net earnings of $0.60 per share were 20% higher than our earnings per share in 2017. We continue to review our capital allocation and dedicate a portion of our cash to return to shareholders. We repurchased over 500,000 shares for approximately $33 million. We announced a 29% increase to our dividend in January. The five-year compound annual growth rate of our dividend is over 25%. We repatriated over $210 million during the first quarter using the proceeds to pay down floating-rate debt and improving the flexibility of our balance sheet. We announced earlier this month that A. O. Smith will be the primary water treatment brand at Lowe's beginning in August. The combination of our recent acquisitions of Aquasana and Hague, coupled with our globally accepted and innovative water treatment technologies, and internally developed products, selected tools and brand displays, delivered a compelling product and value proposition to the Lowe's merchandising team. We are very excited about the opportunity we earned because of our water treatment expertise and vision, and also to expand our relationship with our longstanding retail water heater partner. We expect $15 million in sales and a $1 million to $2 million loss due to start-up and transition costs this year. John will now describe our results in more detail beginning with slide 5.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Jeff, this is Ajita. As we've said before, we don't really comment on what anyone else is doing in terms of price. We put our pricing out there and we are very comfortable in terms of where we are.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Mike, this is Ajita. We don't know what the impact is going to be in terms of the – as John said, in terms of what the government did whether it is sustainable. If you recall, they did something similar before the Olympics few years ago.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Cleaned up the air quality for a while and then things went back to normal. So here, what we did hear that there was significant disruption. People were not happy because it impacted their life, and because there was not enough capacity of other types of heating to compensate for the loss of the coal-fired plants. Okay? So, that's what happened in the past. How it's going to happen in the future? We don't know. However, from our perspective, we have some really exciting new products that are coming out and we are continuing like the market is going to be continuing to grow, but probably not at the pace that we've seen in the last couple of years. So, that's our approach. That's the best we know now.
Ajita G. Rajendra: But we're continuing to invest in the new products and new capabilities and the products that we're putting out.
Ajita G. Rajendra: So I think, from a capital allocation perspective, in terms of what we've done in the past, you see that our acquisition targets have been very strategic. And as you look at – when you think about water treatment, I'm going to say, three, four years back as we laid out our strategy globally, we said this is going to be a global business. We targeted India – outside of China, India and the U.S. And in the U.S., you can see that there were some very, very specific strategic moves that we made, taking our brand to Lowe's, making the acquisitions that we did in terms of Aquasana and Hague that then rounded out our line and gave us a broad line that we could then be a serious player and go compete for this business with, I would argue, the most competitive environment in certainly this country, which is trying to get big-box business, which we succeeded in doing, displacing brands that have been around for much longer than we have in the water treatment business. So, we see water treatment as being a major growth driver for us in the future, both in China, in India and in the U.S. And us getting into Lowe's is the start of that with what we are hearing about in terms of – you have a number of – we've always said, there are a number of Flints (40:07) around the nation. The average municipal water infrastructure in major cities is over 75 years old. And as people start realizing what the quality of their water is, we see this business growing and we are investing behind it and counting on that growth.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Right. Because there isn't any – there isn't a lot of good data out there, especially on the filtration side. There is good data on the softening side. And what we believe and our research shows, we've done a significant amount of consumer research on this category, which is what helped us also develop our portfolio of products and value proposition for Lowe's. We feel that this category is going to continue to grow, especially on the filtration side.
Ajita G. Rajendra: So 30 years plus, we have a very good partnership, I truly call it a partnership, and we're looking at any opportunity we can to grow the business there. The move of our flagship brand into Lowe's has – we are both very happy with the performance. I can't be specific about numbers, because Lowe's has not been public about the numbers. But I can say that we are both very happy with the performance of the brand at Lowe's.
Ajita G. Rajendra: From a historic perspective, we have, and it's been driven by steel prices. I go back to the early 2000s, where we had significant steel price increases, and I'm going to say they were higher than this. They were high teens, from my recollection, high teens type price increases we had to put through. And in terms of the market, I'll have Kevin respond to that.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Yeah. And if you take a step back and look at the market in total, as Kevin said, the price increases are usually driven, the impetus for a price increase is a significant increase in some sort of cost, commodity cost or some sort of cost. This is not an industry that has an annual-type price increase. It's the impetus that drives it. And if you take a step back, with all of that, the price of a residential water heater with the warranties, about how long it lasts, et cetera, et cetera, is still very reasonable in the marketplace. So, I think those are the key drivers.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Scott, this is Ajita. That's getting into the type of detail we're getting uncomfortable with. But what we see overall is that the implementation of this is – we don't see major change from history.
Ajita G. Rajendra: I think – let me answer, first of all, we've never talked about a mix impact between channels. Okay? But in terms of pre-buy, I think it will be within the quarter. So, it's not going to be – if there is a pre-buy, you're going to get the plus and minus within the quarter. So, you're not going to see an impact in the quarter.
John J. Kita: Well, Scott, we are forecasting, as we said, it to go up 250,000 to 300,000 units this year. And the first quarter was interesting. It was very strong, January-February, and then down in March. Our guess is the industry was up about 40,000 units total, including tankless. We were pretty flat and that's driven primarily by last year's first quarter for us was with Sears was our strongest quarter. So, we kind of performed as expected. The industry was up 40,000. We're calling for 250,000. When I talk to our salespeople, they're very optimistic. The biggest issue both on the residential and commercial is getting labor. But as they talk to people, they're optimistic. So if we do hit the 9.4 million industry that we talked about, that's a pretty significant growth. And now, obviously, that growth goes back. But if you look at the industry in 2009 to 2012, it was 8.1 million units. So now going to 9.4 million over this four or five-year stretch, we have seen decent growth.
John J. Kita: Well, as you alluded to, the industry was down over 55%. Talking to our people, there was a focus on improved air quality during the quarter, without a doubt. They closed coal plants and what we've heard, they closed them locally as well as much more control on automotive. Now, we will also say we've heard anecdotally that closing the coal plants to just get better air did create some disruptions for companies manufacturing, et cetera. What we can't tell you, Scott, is this sustainable, that they can do it this way or not. But everything we've heard, talking to our people and talking to consultants, is the air quality was better in the quarter and that was the driver. Because otherwise there is no – the only other explanation that we've talked about in the past is that the consumer is not 100% sure these units are doing anything. Now, again, we told you we put sensors on there, we're doing a much better job of measuring PM2.5. But the only explanation we can come up with is better air quality.
John J. Kita: I think you hit the majority of them. So when we estimated the year from a currency standpoint, we were expecting the RMB to appreciate a little less than 10 basis points. Last year, was about RMB 6.75 on average. We were expecting it to be a little above RMB 6.65. And now, we know rates are now RMB 6.30, we're expecting closer to RMB 6 – a little over RMB 6.40. So when you do that, that's about $40 million of incremental currency gain that we didn't have in our original estimate. Now, as you know, we took China down. If you look at we were 12.5% to 13% – 12% to 13% when we talked in January, we're now saying 9% to 10%. That's about a 3 point difference, that's about $30 million, we're taking it down due to that. And again, we're saying that's basically all air purification. We expected – last year, air purification was $44 million, $45 million. We expect it to go to $65 million this year. Given the first quarter and given the second quarter, we're saying $40 million kind of at best. So that's the negative. And then, yeah, you add price and you add the Lowe's business. And that's why we're comfortable going from the 8.5% to 9.5% that we had in January to the 10% to 10.75% that we're forecasting now. So, there's a lot of puts and takes.
John J. Kita: Well, actually the currency doesn't really have an effect on the margin because sales are going up and, correspondingly, the EBIT. So we're not seeing any effect there. When we look at Rest of World, we talked about India. India, certainly, we expect to be a contributor. If you lost $7.5 million last year, you lose $5 million this year, that's $2.5 million on whatever, $1.1 billion. So, we pick up 20 basis points there. We expect China to be at least as good from a margin standpoint, even overcoming two things; the loss in air purification that we had in forecast and the $5 million of inefficiencies of the new plant. We expect China to be flattish to maybe up a little bit. So, I mean, I'd say, when you flush through everything, the biggest thing is India, and why we're comfortable raising 30 basis points to 40 basis points from last year.
John J. Kita: Yeah, I think all the studies we've seen, and they're done by independent third parties, say the average life of water heater is over 14 years, and that has increased. So if you look at the last figures of 2006-2007, that would take you out to the early 2020s. Now, we would also tell you that we don't think housing start of the 1.2 million are the right number, but we think that's going to continue to grow this year, housing starts and completions we're estimating up 100,000 units. So at some point, but I think it's in the future is when we'll have that, we'll have to evaluate that.
John J. Kita: The only thing I'll add is we will have some costs in the second quarter, but Kevin's right, the majority will be in the third quarter. And then in fourth quarter, we start moving to profitability.
John J. Kita: Well, I'll answer it this way. Steel costs progressively increase throughout the year, but we really get affected in the second half of the year more materially than the second quarter. So, that will kind of be the transition, it will line up well with the price increase for the most part, which will be effective essentially in the – late in June.
John J. Kita: So, the water treatment had a good quarter. The industry, we think, was up about 11%. We were up 14% in RMB terms and up over 20% in U.S. dollar terms. We're expecting for the year that water treatment is going to be up probably about 18% to 19% in local currency terms and well over 20% in U.S. dollar terms. From a volume standpoint, I would tell you that the electric was somewhat flat from a volume standpoint, as this transition that we see from electric to gas continues, and our gas units were up. So, that's kind of the broad on the water heater side.
John J. Kita: Well, we did put price increases last year. I would tell you there is steel increase in China, but it's not to the extent we've seen in the U.S. So, I think at this point, we're comfortable with the cost/price relationship.
John J. Kita: Well, the Lowe's, right off the bat, takes about 30 basis points when you lose $1.5 million on $15 million of sales. So, that's probably the biggest impact going from the 22.5% down to 20%. Otherwise, I would tell you, it's primarily noise. But clearly, the Lowe's business is the biggest factor.
John J. Kita: I think what we tried to say is for this year the impact will be about $5 million and we're expecting about $3 million of it – about $500,000 we experienced in the first quarter. We expect a little over $3 million in the second quarter. And that's really driven by – that's when the transition is going to be taking place. We'll be opening new plant. We're going to be operating two plants. We're going to have a move cost, just general inefficiencies, et cetera, depreciation and lease costs on both, if you will. And so then, as we get to the second half of the year, we'll start experiencing some Lowe's efficiencies that will offset the higher depreciation and utility costs. So I guess, I'd say, it's $500,000, $300,000 and probably, $750,000, $750,000, or what are the numbers in order to get to $5 million. And then next year, we're up and running and the plant is running efficiently, and we're offsetting some of those higher utilities and depreciation.
John J. Kita: Well, I'll answer the last one. Ultimately, as we move up over the next couple of years, it's dilutive. But certainly, our objective is to get it up to North America margins in the next three years or so. But during this transition, and we grow sales, et cetera, it will be dilutive to the North America margins. Kevin, I don't know if you want to answer the...
Kevin J. Wheeler: This is Kevin, and I'll address that. One that, when you compare Q1, that was the strongest quarter we had back in 2017, which add over 50% growth. And embedded in that, Canada had a price increase in Q1 of last year. So when you put it all together, we're very comfortable – to answer your share question, we're very comfortable where we're at and being able to compete in the market. And if you look forward, we're very comfortable with the $250,000 to $300,000 (sic) [250,000 to 300,000 units] forecast based on what we see in projects, in feedback that we're receiving from our sales organization. And as far as tankless, we have low-teens share or low-teen share and that is capturing some additional parts of the market. It grew 19% last year, it's growing about 10% this year. It's primarily in California, where it's new construction-oriented. And it continues to grow and we continue to bring products and capture additional customers and share. So overall, we are fairly comfortable with our residential business, its growth rate and its forecast for 2018.
Kevin J. Wheeler: This is Kevin. I'll take that. We expect most of it to be in around the timeframe that our implementation in August starts. As you know when you take on a significant amount of business, and certainly $35 million to $40 million of water treatment business from Lowe's is a significant win for our organization. But with that comes a inventory transition that we'll have to be working through. And again, that will happen about the same time as we're doing the transition in August. There'll be displays in point of purchase that we'll be resetting over 1,700 stores and the displays are going to be really focused on being consumer friendly and helping the consumer through the purchasing process of a very difficult purchase decision for them. And then there's just certification and packaging. Some of that will come maybe prior to August. But again if you look at it, most of it's going to be in that timeframe as we start to execute around August and get it fully implemented, hopefully, within 30 or so days.
Kevin J. Wheeler: This is Kevin. The first quarter was really flat year-over-year. And we were a bit surprised, because we did have a pre-buy in Q4. And we anticipated 5,000 being pulled in and that to have that impact in Q1. The pre-buy did not appear really to affect the commercial market. So, electric volumes were essentially flat. And so, as we go forward, we're going to change our forecasts. And given the neutral start of the commercial business and the industry, we revised our full-year forecast to be flat over last year, and that's both on gas and electric.
Kevin J. Wheeler: Yeah. From a sales perspective, I mean, as we get through the transition and get into 2019, we'll have the full benefit, as I mentioned the $35 million to $40 million. We see long-term growth there. We believe that the consumer has not been – they've been confused about the product category, how to pick, how to choose their products. And the displays and things that we have in there are going to help that process. We're bringing a full line of products as well as our high-end RO, high performance, leading product there as well. So when you look at it as a whole, I'm going to go back to what Ajita said about the strategy, we look at it as a long-term growth component of our business and we will – as far as how it generates additional sales into the remaining years is going to be depended up on our effectiveness of our displays and how we go to market as well as the things that may happen, like another Flint (43:43) and other things like that. And as education goes up, we're very enthusiastic about the water treatment business in the U.S.
Kevin J. Wheeler: This is Kevin. As far as overlap, we see very little to none. This is a new channel, a new category for us and we had no presence until Lowe's. Yes, we have a e-commerce business and, of course, we had some business through Hague. But we look at this as primarily incremental business and with very, very little or no cannibalization.
Kevin J. Wheeler: Over the years, on any price increase, particularly in water heaters, if there is a component out there that really drives that increase, and I would say steel has been the primary component, it's clear that there is a need out there. It's clear to our customers, distributors, retailers, to our contractors, and all the way down to builders and so forth. So, this is a need-based increase. And historically, those have been increases that have been put in the market, executed and implemented relatively without incident.
Kevin J. Wheeler: Yeah. I would tell you, just the reaction from our customer, based on our announcement, has been relatively similar to the past.
