Kevin Wheeler: Thank you, Chuck. As Chuck noted, our outlook assumes the current surge of the Omicron variant subsides during the first quarter, it does not significantly impact productivity or significantly impact the end markets that we serve. With the assumption as a backdrop to 2022, we project revenue growth for 2022 of 16% to 18% which includes the following assumptions: After approximately 8% growth in each of the last two years which is well above the historical average growth rate, we estimate U.S. residential water industry unit volumes will be down approximately 2% from last year as industry demand normalizes. We believe that commercial water heating industry volumes to be flat to slightly down as new construction and replacement installations level off. Our China business performance was strong and stable in 2021. We expect China sales to grow approximately 5% in local currency in 2022 driven by demand of our residential and commercial water treatment products, including our replacement filters as well as range hoods and cooktops. We expect that sales of our residential water heaters in China will be flat to slightly down compared to 2021. We expect our North America boiler sales will increase approximately 10% in 2022. Our expectations are based on several growth drivers; an industry growth of 3% to 4%, we believe replacement demand is 85%. The transition to higher energy-efficient boilers will continue, particularly as commercial buildings improve their overall carbon footprint. In 2021, condensing boilers were approximately 30% to 35% of the commercial boiler industry that represents our addressable market. We believe the potential for the condensing boiler market is to represent 60% to 65% of the total market over time which provides continued opportunity for our leading market share commercial condensing boilers. And new product launches, including a full year of our improved flagship CREST commercial condensing boiler with Hellcat technology and the introduction of one million BTU light-duty condensing commercial Knight FTXL. We project 13% to 14% growth in sales for North America water treatment. We believe the megatrends of healthy and safe drinking water as well as reduction of single-use plastic bottles will continue to drive consumer demand for our point-of-use and point-of-entry water treatment systems. We expect margins to improve by approximately 100 basis points in 2022 compared to last year. Based on these factors, along with the full impact of our 2021 price increases, we expect our North America segment margin to be between 22.25% and 22.75%, excluding pension expenses and Rest of World segment margins to be approximately 10% or 100 basis points higher than 2021. Slide 15, please. As we begin 2022, I'm focusing on key strategic priorities to advance our position as a leader in heating and treating water around the world. First, innovate and expand our decarb portfolio, including heat pumps for space and water heating; expand our global water treatment capabilities by investing in technologies, people and distribution; deploy capital effectively by investing in ourselves, acquisitions and returning capital to shareholders. Thanks for the tremendous effort by our procurement and operation teams and their commitment to operational excellence which is part of our DNA, as nearly a 150-year-old technology leader in innovative manufacturer, our supply chain is stabilizing and our manufacturing lead times remain consistent. Through our focus and determination to serve our customers, we closed out the year on a high note and remain strong entering 2022. Our strong brands across the portfolio, combined with harnessing of technology to drive innovation and new product development will enhance our market leadership. We are confident in our ability to capitalize on opportunities as we continue to execute our strategy. And finally, I have a bitter sweet announcement. Pat Ackerman shared her plans to retire from her position as Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Treasurer and Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability, effective March 31, 2022. In addition to her many responsibilities, Pat has been a key contact for new and existing investors since 2008, coordinating communication and effectively delivering our message to our investor base. We thank Pat for dedication to A.O. Smith, her leadership and her steadfast commitment to the values and principles of our organization. Pat's many contributions and impact will be long lasting. Please join me and Chuck and the rest of the A. O. Smith family in wishing Pat, the very best in her well-earned retirement.
Kevin Wheeler: This is Kevin, Scott. I mean, as we discussed on our Q3 call, we had a challenging Q1 and we had been making progress through Q2 and Q3 and we fully expected that to carry over into Q4. It lagged a little bit. And so that's what you're seeing. That is not indicative of order rates. That's not indicative of customers. But it did lag a little bit. We expect to pick that up as we get into 2022. And I guess the comment I would make is our customer bases are solid. We've had no issues, no losses. And I believe based on customer feedback, we really serviced our customers well throughout this pandemic and make sure they have the right products they needed. And what we did at the end of this year as the -- our supply chain started to stabilize and so forth. We had some allocations out there for the -- for most of the year and we took those allocations off in December. So that's going to help drive maybe some additional orders as we get into Q1 but bottom line, I think we're in good shape. And as the industry normalizes and gets out of this turbulent sector, I think everything will move back to a much more of a normal cadence and a normal share output for us.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, I'll touch on that and then maybe have Chuck jump in as well. When you look at -- we had a lot of reopenings in 2021. We had a very strong market. And as we go forward, it's a forecast. We believe that things will be a bit more normalized. Probably some of the proactive replacements won't be there. And so as we look out, a very strong 2021, we think that's just going to peel back in 2022. But again, flat coming off a very strong year, Scott, is pretty positive.
Kevin Wheeler: Let me touch on that one as well. One, we're very specific on our order -- on our inventories in China because we have really terrific visibility there. North America, it's more of a -- we don't have the same visibility but based on the input that we have from our customers and so forth that the inventories are basically in line. There's probably some gaps here and there. For the most part, I think the allocation just frees up maybe some orders. I'm not going to put a number on it, quite frankly. But I do think we have limited some of our customers and try to be predictable for them, getting the right products to them, making sure that their deliveries were on time. So again, I think it's a positive thing for our organization as we enter into 2022, removing the allocation and kind of getting back to business as normal. And so that's kind of where we're at. No specific number, I think I would want to add to that.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. It's -- we've never had these sort of price increases like we've seen in the last couple -- in this last year, of course. So it's a little bit difficult to predict. We can kind of look at historically what's happened. Historically, we've generally been able to hold share in margin and we react to the cost changes as necessary. So a bit hard to see how it plays out. We've got non-steel cost in logistics and freight that even as steel costs have come down since our last call, we've only seen pressure and increase on all other non-steel costs. We really have seen those surge a bit in the last quarter. So those somewhat offset some of the relief perhaps that might be happening a bit of moderation on the steel side.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. I would just add, I mean it's new products across our electric line, our gas tankless line, our water treatment that has done substantially well and continues to grow. And so -- and then the kind of what I would call the newer segments. Our commercial water treatment continues to do well and close over to $40-plus million. And then Chuck mentioned range hoods and cooktops which are gaining momentum. So overall, there's still going to be a COVID issue that we'll have to work through there and some spotty shutdowns that happened. And that may deal us a setback. There's still some derisking. But you put it all together, we came out of fourth quarter pretty well. We have some really good products on the premium side that are just getting into the market fully. So we feel real good about the mix and where it's going and hope to get back to those '19 levels soon.
Kevin Wheeler: I would say on the residential side, probably not any tank momentum. Heat pumps have been growing year-over-year, becoming more popular. Obviously, there's more incentives out there and that's moving in the right direction. So we're in a good position there. And I would say, maybe on the commercial side, we're starting to see a bit more commercial heat pump up there. But let's step back, we still have a great decarbing footprint called condensing water heaters and condensing boilers. And that's also trending well because there's so many applications that you really need the output and the heat of a gas-fired product and being able to provide condensing boilers and condensing commercial water heaters, also priced opportunities. So commercial, I think you're going to continue to see just high efficiency growing and on both gas and on the kind of the heat pump side.
Kevin Wheeler: Just overall, you can't make any of our products without every component. And so it's -- and when I say that I'm smiling here. But overall, as you start to become a bit more predictable, as our suppliers become a bit more predictable. And so that's what's been -- and then just some of the volumes coming up. We came out of a big freeze that impacted farm and oil-based products. And then steel was running behind but we're starting to see all these key components moving in the right direction. And so that's the stabilization. We're still very tactical, tracking orders and making sure we're looking for alternatives but we've been doing that for a year and it's worked out pretty well for our team. So overall, that's what stabilization looks like. That's why we were able to remove the allocation from our supply chain. And then, I'm going to tell you we're going to have pockets of disruption occasionally here and there. We'll have to keep working through that. But that's where it's at. It's getting incrementally better. It's getting incrementally more predictable. Our suppliers, just like us, are stepping up their game in production and deliveries. But it's incremental. And we feel as we enter 2022, we're in better shape in 2021, albeit we'll have to see how the Omicron surge impacts that. But as of right now, there hasn't been a large issue for us.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. Based on the data that we've seen and again, I am going to relate it to more of the appliance side of the business. We see almost every category on a year-on-year basis, mixing up. So that's a positive trend that says a lot maybe consumer confidence and so forth in China. But yes, we are seeing it. It's not just in our categories but others that we don't participate in.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, I worry every day. So -- and I'm not being flip but I mean if you look at our business, we've been competing for seven years in this industry. We continue to get up every day and focus on A. O. Smith and A. O. Smith's customers and our brands. And so there are clearly some competitors coming into the market. We're going to continue to focus on what we do best and that's bringing innovative products to market, high service levels and making sure that we grow profitable with our customers. And I'll go back to the recent statements that we just really talked about is we had no customer loss. I really believe that we really -- we've taken care of our customers in a professional way and manage their expectations. And again, I always go back to this industry isn't about residential, gas and electric, isn't about just standard commercial. It's about bringing a portfolio of products to our customers. And not only residential and commercial but the high technology, newer products like heat pumps and condensing products that we continue to bring to market, perfect example is healthcare technology on our CREST boiler. All those things matter and we package that up together. We believe when we compete in the market, we have a value proposition that meets our customers' expectations and helps them grow their business.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, I can tell you, we've seen certain segments. We talked about the educational segment. Last quarter, that's been certainly been helping us in providing an opportunity. We're seeing more government institutional segments start to grow. So we are seeing some of that maybe that stimulus or that we're talking about in the marketplace. That's what's led to our record backlog that we have today. And that's going to stay with us, I think, at least through 2022. I mean we're looking at a 10% growth rate. And so overall, there are some stimulus out there. There's also just some pent-up demand that may go back to the pandemic that we're filling that gap as well. And again, the replacement market is 85%. So you're going to have that natural replacement market continue. So overall, the boiler market looks strong. Orders are still good. Quoting activity is still good. So overall, entering 2022 in a really good position in the boilers segment.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, the Hellcat technology has been accepted and received very well by our contractor mechanical base. And so -- but that was at the later part of the year. So we really look forward into 2022 of having a full year with this new technology. And just to go back to it, I think we stated in our remarks but it's not only higher efficiency but start-up that could take two to three hours, it takes 20 minutes sometimes now. Maintenance, it helps us get through the maintenance and it adjusts, so you don't have to go out there and do manual adjustments and the overall cost. So we're excited about it. It's a first to market, a first mover. It's truly technology different than what's in the market today. We've built it on a terrific product like the CREST. And we just see that continuing to grow and gain momentum, particularly in the specified side of the business.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes, it's primary. It's almost exclusively in North America, particularly with the number of people that we have out. So China, again, very little but again, it's spotty, it depends on the region. India is the same way but really, the Omicron surge has really impacted our North America businesses. And we're working through it. It hasn't peaked yet but we hope that we'll start to see it peaking, it will come down and we'll get through it in the first quarter and kind of put this phase of COVID in the rearview mirror.
Charles Lauber: Matt, this is Chuck. So as we kind of look at 2022, overall, the cadence -- when we look at the first quarter, it's going to probably be the most challenging from a margin and perhaps the volume quarter. As you know, China is always weakest in the first quarter with the festival, gains momentum for the second and third quarter and then the fourth quarter is the strongest. You should think of it very similar to that way. Less moving parts in China perhaps because price and costs have not been that much of a move. Back to your North America focus though. North America, a little lighter on the volume in Q1. There are some disruptions. Omicron has, as I mentioned, a bit of our labor force out. And we're going to -- if you look at steel, steel costs mentioned that we're going to still see in the first quarter, we're going to have our highest steel costs that we've experienced as steel has been rising. We, as you know, have a lag when we see this deal. So our Q3 to Q4 steel cost is going to be rising maybe 15% to 20% compared to Q4. So Q1 will certainly be challenged on the margin in North America a bit, though we do have our price increase offsetting that. So we have pricing coming in, got a little bit higher steel. And so Q1 is our most challenged on the margin side. Two through three as you roll out the rest of -- and four to the rest of the year in North America, we do expect steel to moderate just a bit. You've seen the index come down. And so we expect margins to be a little bit stronger in the back three quarters in North America with the price increase in full for all -- really all of the year. So that's basically the roll forward, kind of how to look at 2022 from North America perspective. And we've got -- pricing, I mentioned is about 45%, we believe, on the water heating side effective that we've already seen. And so we've got 55% of that rolling in for 2022. Hope that provides a little better color on how it rolls out.
Charles Lauber: Yes. Our goal is to always keep it at the leanest level that's appropriate to serve our customers in China. It's had a low water mark. We wouldn't expect it to go lower than that at the end of 2021. So as we've said before, we keep a close watch on it. It's at a level where we feel is about as low as it's going to go to make sure we're serving our customers.
Charles Lauber: Sure, sure. Yes, I mean, water heater volumes in China have been flat to down. When we look at the full year demand and I'll just kind of talk about what the overall 2021 consumer demand as best we measure through our channel, it probably was up 1% to 2% the demand itself. So underlying demand when we get to the 5%, you can kind of think of it as 1% to 2%. There's a bit of pricing in China. We haven't nearly seen the cost pressures as we've seen in North America but that's perhaps another percent. And then when we think about kind of the new products, we've got some new products we've introduced. We've got the products I mentioned earlier in the statement on electric that are doing well and the gas products that are doing well, range hoods, cooktops, commercial water treatment and water treatment overall, we feel pretty positive about which kind of fills that gap to get you to that 5%. Year-over-year currencies, we expect to be roughly flat, equal year-over-year. So that's kind of the bridge to kind of get up to that 5%.
Charles Lauber: Yes. We're -- so we're not at the peak where we were in mix in the peak years before 2019. Premium segment of the market was higher percentage of the segment of the market as we measure it at that time but we are coming out of the trough. So we've got a year-over-year improvement in mix planned in 2022. Q4 was positive on mix. And the introduction of a couple of the new products we've just put out there help our mix because they're in the premium segment. So we're not at the peak. We're certainly not at the trough. We feel really good about the momentum coming out of it and positive about the new products coming into the market.
Charles Lauber: Yes. I mean our input on steel is about 70% cold rolled, 30% hot rolled. So those are -- those are the indices we're really tracking. And there, we've seen some moderation. We haven't seen it come down a great deal but we've seen some moderation. Year-over-year, our steel is going to be up 50% in 2022 on average compared to 2021. So we still have that steel pressure there. Right now, I mean, it's early in the year, right? So we're looking at the increase of non-steel cost components, logistics. We really haven't seen any relief on that. If we just kind of look through the rest of the year, our best projection would be if there is some moderation in steel on the index that we have seen a bit that the offset is largely in the non-steel components. And so we're not in our outlook calling for any -- we're calling in our outlook when we look at it, that Q1 is probably the most challenged and then it really -- the margins sort of flatten out after that -- after we get over that kind of one quarter where steel is the highest.
Charles Lauber: Sure, sure. So they are lower in our guidance and what -- let me just do a little reconciliation because if you exclude -- and I mentioned the noncash pension adjustment, that's about $10 million that you'll see in our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. That will affect the margins a bit. And if you look at the Giant acquisition which is performing great as we expected, performing well but it doesn't have quite the same margin as the rest of the North America business. Reconciling for those two really get us back to adjusted margins that are flat compared to 2021. So 2022, North America is roughly flat compared to 2021. And that's with continued growth in North America water treatment and some of those other businesses that we're looking to expand our margin year-over-year. So the kind of expectation it may gone up, we're really looking at flat and some of those other non-steel costs that we're seeing are really filling that gap.
Charles Lauber: Yes, I can do that. I mean it's really -- it's up about 100 basis points. So we're kind of -- we're looking to expand from 9% to 10%, mostly on volume, mostly on volume and mix. We got the products that we mentioned earlier and that they came into play in volume and mix. So we overcame a bit in 2021 to 2020. I mentioned the social insurance. That's about $12 million for the year. So we like the progress that we made in '21 to get us to 9%. And then it's really volume and mix and leverage on the top line that gets us to 10%.
Charles Lauber: So the decrease we've seen so far that it still has come down. We probably -- we will not see that until we get it probably into the middle of the second quarter. So that's from a cost perspective. And then who knows where it will go from there, right? So it's gone down a bit. I'm not sure our assumption is that it kind of stays at that level through the rest of the year. We've got -- we have certain customers that have pricing formula that represents maybe 25% of our water heater volume. And so the cadence on that follows similarly to kind of when you see steel indexes move.
Charles Lauber: Yes. It's not back to the peak but it's a couple of quarters now where I think we can start calling it a trend because we've seen an uptick.
Charles Lauber: Yes. So we really are focusing on two pieces really. When you think about kind of the Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities, we are -- we're really looking at store efficiencies there. So we're continuing to be focused on store efficiencies. We're probably going to take out a bit more stores in 2022. We're at that pace. We've been on that pace for a number of years now. We're probably in the 200 to 300 store taking out in 2022 compared to where we're ending the year in 2021, just not quite 6,000 outlets. On the other side, we're really looking to grow geography in the Tier 3 to Tier 6 cities. So think of that as low-cost counters. We're just -- we're not having a promoter. It's very opportunistic. And those footprints, that's growing in the neighborhood of maybe 500 but don't do the math equal to the Tier 1 and Tier 2 but it's certainly opportunistic and it's where we're really looking to continue to expand.
Charles Lauber: And the only additional comment I'll make to that is and we called it out in our slides is that our R&D spend is over $90 million. And that's on water heating, water treating and we're really focused on those markets and as Kevin said, being the leader in the product technology.
Charles Lauber: Yes. I mean the thing I'll add on to that is I mean that 10% growth, there was some pricing that we did do on the boiler side of the business also. So there's a bit of carryover pricing that helps us a little bit but we still see growth in the boiler market.
Charles Lauber: Yes. We haven't, I don't think but margins are around 11%. They were approaching 11% in 2021. So we're pleased with the progress that we made, leverage and volume, the acquisitions to continue to move forward on that and we're expecting about 100 basis points expansion in 2022.
Charles Lauber: Yes, not specific to growth but the cadence of the boiler business is typically, Q3 and Q4 are the strongest quarters and we still expect that in '22.
Charles Lauber: Good question. We don't believe we're holding the channel back. I mean I will say we had a strong order rate at the end of December that we certainly did get out in January. But we're not -- it may go up a bit. We don't expect it to go lower. So as we kind of think about 2022, channel inventories do get a bit lumpy but they've been really honed down to a pretty lean level. And if anything, we expect it to slightly go up but we're going to keep that in a close watch.
