Kevin Wheeler: Thank you, Helen, and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 4, and we'll review a few highlights of our second quarter results. Our team delivered record adjusted EPS of $1.01 in the second quarter, driven by strong performance in our operating segment. We saw margin expansion in our North America segment, primarily due to a more favorable price cost relationship as well as robust demand for our commercial and residential water heaters. Our Rest of World segment delivered improved performance in the second quarter even as headwinds in the economy and currency exchange continue in China. Both China and India delivered sales growth of 15% local currency in the second quarter. Please turn to Slide 5. North America water heater sales decreased 2% in the second quarter of 2023 as higher volumes are offset by lower pricing. We saw continued resilience in residential water heater demand and year-over-year improvement in our commercial water heater business. Our North America boiler sales declined 13% in the second quarter compared to a tough comp last year as lower volumes more than offset the benefits from pricing. Channel inventory levels of residential and light commercial boilers remain elevated in the quarter as a warmer-than-normal winter resulted in lower industry demand. We believe channel inventory levels are approaching normal levels at the end of the quarter. Demand for our custom commercial high-efficiency condensing boilers, particularly our Hellcat Crest boilers with O2 sensing technology were steady in the quarter and continues to gain traction in the market. North America water treatment sales were down 2% in the second quarter of 2023 compared to another tough comp in 2022 as pricing and strong e-commerce sales were offset by lower sales in our specialty wholesale and dealer channels. Sales in the first half of 2022 benefited from strong shipments as supply chain constraints improved, and we worked out our order backlog. I'm particularly pleased with the margin improvement we have seen this quarter in our North America water treatment business. In China, second quarter sales increased 15% in local currency compared to the second quarter of 2022 which was negatively impacted by COVID-19-related shutdowns. Demand continued to improve for our products, particularly for residential and commercial water treatment products. Sales of water treatment consumables were particularly strong in the quarter. We also saw a favorable mix in our water treatment and electric water heater product categories this quarter as recently launched products continue to be well received by the market. I'm now on Slide 6. According to our recent national consumer survey, nearly 9 out of 10 Americans have concerns about microplastics in their drinking water. Reducing plastic pollution has long been a priority for our North America water treatment business. Our North America water treatment products filter enough water to potentially eliminate over 1 billion single-use plastic bottles per year. I am pleased to announce that all of our countertop and undersink water filters are now independently certified to remove up to 99.6% of microplastics in addition to over 70 other contaminants, including PFAS and pesticides. We remain committed to leading the charge in identifying and becoming certified to remove harmful contaminants as they emerge. I'll now turn the call over to Chuck, who will provide more details on our second quarter performance.
Kevin Wheeler: Thank you, Chuck. We revised our 2023 sales projection to be a range of flat to up 2% compared to 2022, which includes the following assumptions. Residential water heater demand was resilient in the first half of the year. Therefore, we project 2023 residential water heater industry volumes to be flat to up 2% compared to last year. We continue to monitor proactive replacement and new housing completions, both of which remain strong. Demand for commercial electric water heaters greater than 55 gallons was strong in the first half of the year, which leads us to raise our guidance for commercial water heater industry volumes to increase mid-teens compared to 2022. We maintain our guidance that our sales in China will grow 3% to 5% in local currency in 2023. We believe it will take time for consumer confidence to strengthen and for the economy to improve in China. Our forecast assumes that the Chinese currency will devalue approximately 5% in 2023 compared to 2022. We have decreased our outlook for our boiler business from being up mid-single digits to being down high single digits compared to last year. Last year, our boiler business grew 28% compared to 2021 partially driven by our backlog reduction during the year. We believe channel inventory levels of residential and light commercial boilers were elevated coming into 2023. The mild winter and warm spring resulted in lower demand coming out of the heating season, which slowed channel inventory reduction efforts.  Orders for our energy-efficient custom commercial condensing boilers remain steady. Our outlook for North America water treatment sales growth of 5% to 7% for 2023 has not changed. We project that our sales in India will grow 15% compared to last year. Please turn to Slide 12. We are very pleased with our performance in the first half of 2023. Demand for our commercial water heaters was strong. We saw resilient demand for our residential water heaters as new housing completion and proactive replacement remain robust. Our second quarter '23 -- 2023 North America adjusted operating margin of 26.9% was driven by improved price cost relationship and will lead to a full year margin improvement even as our steel costs rise in the second half of the year. Our China business performed well in a weak economy in the second quarter with sales growth of 15% and operating margins of over 12%. Market-leading products such as our high flow and hot water purifiers as well as dual tank electric water heaters led to a positive mix in the quarter. India continues to outperform the industry as our innovative new products drive market share gains. As a final note, the U.S. Department of Energy has recently issued its proposal to raise the minimum energy efficiency standards for residential water heaters that is targeted to be affected in 2029. As we review the DOE's proposal, we continue to dialogue with the DOE and other industry participants to offer guidance from our unique market leadership perspective to ensure the final proposal considers all factors that may impact consumers, including affordability, installation challenges, market adoption and consumer awareness as well as state and local electrification regulations. As a leader in energy-efficient water heater solutions, we believe A. O. Smith is well positioned to deliver a broad range of products that will meet or exceed the DOE requirements. And finally, our focus remains on meeting the needs of our customers as we continue to execute key strategic objectives to advance our position as a global water technology leader. With that, we conclude our prepared remarks, and we are now available for your questions.
Kevin Wheeler: That was quite a question, there's 4 of them in there. But let me just take the sellout. Sellout was good. It was double digits. We saw sellout improve in each of the months. And so that was a positive trend. Inventories are between that 1% and 2%.
Kevin Wheeler: One to 2 months, excuse me. Thank you, Chuck. 1 to 2 months and maybe just a tab but nothing out of the ordinary. And as far as going back to water treatment, we just have some terrific products out there that we've introduced, and we mentioned it in our remarks on the hot water purifiers that we have in the high flow. They just continue to be well received in the market. Clean water is a priority for the Chinese consumer. So we see that continuing. And then you throw on top of that, our consumables that were really strong, up over 20-plus percent. And each time we sell a water treatment product, we have that potential of the ongoing consumable for the next several years. So that's gone really well. We continue to see that being a priority for the consumer going into the back half of the year. And as far as water heating and water treatment and electrics, they are tighter bit to some new housing foundations. So that's been under pressure for a while. But the electric side performed well, particularly some of our product that we introduced last year, and that continues to move in the right direction. So overall to be up the 50% in Q2 considering the challenges that the economy is having there, I think, is a positive statement of our premium products and how they're viewed in the market. And maybe the last thing is, if you look at the back half, there is talk about China with some targeted stimulus that's going forward. They've also kind of pulled back on homes as not being able to buy them for speculation. So Q3 may be a little bit tougher, but there's still some positive momentum in a number of areas, not only with our products, but hopefully, with some of the economic stimulus that should take effect in the back half of maybe Q3 and part of Q4.
Kevin Wheeler: And maybe just throw in, the team is also doing an excellent job in vertically integrating and cost reductions. And that's going to continue as we go forward as well. We're -- if you recall, we've been a cause of some acquisitions. We're pulling the water treatment business together in 1 company and in 1 water treatment business and be able to leverage each of the locations and put production where it's the best cost for us. So overall, all the things that Chuck mentioned, and just a real strong focus on driving cost and continuous improvement has really benefited the organization. And I look at that continuing over the next 6, 7 months as well.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, let's just maybe break that down into, again, the replacement side. It's always going to be resilient. The emergency replacement that continues. When we look at right now where it's at, on the proactive side of the business, people are -- we look at -- renovation is still a priority for current homeowners and people are going to be staying in their homes, protecting their mortgage interest rates. So we think that's part of it as it continues to move forward, and we remain an important component of our volume. And then new construction, if you look at just completions have been pretty steady and moving up as well. So and then you look at new builder new builders are confident going forward. So overall, yes, we're up over the 2019, but we had a CAGR of 1.5% to 2% CAGR that you have to put on the 2019 number. And as you start to look at where we're ending up this year, what we think we're going to end up, it's going to be fairly in line with where the industry would have benefit. We didn't go through the ups and downs of the pandemic. So I think we get -- we had a little mixed up in 2021 and '22. And now we're starting to see things more normalize and the economy has been good, housing's been good, our renovations have been good. So if you look out in the next 12 to 24 months, I think we'll start to see more of the normalized growth rate coming out of our water heater business. And maybe just a tad more depending on where interest rates go and how the economy continues to progress.
Kevin Wheeler: On the commercial water heater side, and again, that's different from boilers because it has the same profile as a residential with emergency replacements and so forth that remains strong. And again, the comps get a little bit difficult because of the greater than 55-gallon electrics. So there was a regulatory change that caused it to downturn in the quarter of 2020 in first quarter. And now we're starting to really stabilize -- and it looks like the greater than 55-gallon electrics going to kind of come back in to where it was prior to that regulatory change. We're also seeing good mid-single growth on commercial gas as well. And from our perspective, we still have a backlog. And we're still working through it. It's -- we're making progress on it. But the industry seems to be resilient. I look at restaurants and the areas that we sell quite a bit of prior to restaurants, hotels, those things are still coming back and our units are being exercised more. So that's been a plus for us. So overall, it looks like the industry is again kind of coming back to a normal level of volume coming off, if you remember, in '21, we were up, I think, 11%, in '22, we were down 17%, and now we're moving up to mid-teens. But I think when you level it all out, we're getting back to a normal cadence. And again, from our perspective, we've been outperforming the market in both our residential and commercial products in 2023.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes, just maybe another comment on this is, again, we're very consistent in how we manage our businesses and our pricing. There's not much difference from Q1 to Q2. We continue to have the underlying goals to keep our customers competitive. We look at both the markets that we're in and the boiler market, that's remained very consistent. So not a big change. Again, we sell on A. O. Smith value quality delivery, a number of other things that go forward that's been consistent for a number of years, and it's not changing as we enter the back half of the year.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. I don't think about some of the industry as a whole has changed a whole lot. That 1% to 2% growth is pretty consistent, and it does move a bit when you have new construction. And again, we're in this economy right now, I mean the economy is still doing pretty well. GDP came out, still moving in the right direction. Housing were still at a deficit. You've heard us say that. I think how many years in a row. There's quite a bit of work to be done, maybe a few million homes that still need to be built. So I think the case is going to get back to that 1% or 2% and probably the variable will be new construction in multifamily, how that continues to progress over the next couple of years. My guess is probably going to be a bit favorable to the industry and to our company.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, certainly, it's lapping a tough comp. I mean, if you look at all of our businesses, Q2 of last year, we were strong. But I'll give you an example. I mean, the North America water treatment back in Q2 of 2022, it was plus 18%. So it was solid. And but we are seeing some softness in various parts of the market as things start to stabilize. But overall, if you look at our 5 core channels, we still see positive growth in them over time. And so that's just that 2% of 18% comp, still a pretty good quarter, quite frankly, for our water treatment business. And in every one of those channels, we have some ups and downs. I yet to see all 5 up and I have to see all 5 down. And so -- but overall, the business is going well. I suspect we'll see our deal or specialty business make and come back in the back half of the year as they were down a little bit in Q2. But overall, the business is in good shape. The overall underlying water quality concerns are going to continue to grow, and that's the key point. I think when you look at this business, you're going to have your PFAS and different type of chemicals and the quality of water being questioned by consumers on a regular basis. And we have great solutions, whether they be under the counter or point of use or point of entry. And we're going to be able to take advantage of that trend as it continues to go forward as we have in the past.
Charles Lauber: Matt, this is Chuck. So when you kind of look at the front half, back half, I think of it in terms of 3 buckets, right? So you've got the price cost relationship to be compressed a bit by steel costs being up about 20%. That's probably the largest piece of the delta between first half and second half. Also the way the year is setting up on residential water heater, we've got the first half, and this is fairly typical, but maybe a little stronger than normal of residential and water heating at about 52.5% to 53% of the year, and then it is 47% to 47.5% in the back half. So there's a little bit of pressure on that because of the detriment of some volume on the residential side. And then the smallest piece, I would say, is kind of related to boilers in the mix, a little bit less mix on the higher end commercial boilers.
Charles Lauber: Yes. I mean the 20% increase in the back half compared to the front half, it's a lag. So just to kind of remind you and everybody that there is kind of a 90 to 120-day lag on that pricing. And so even though steel costs have come down a little bit from the peak, they really are -- we're really being measured on those costs, particularly in the third quarter from kind of the February time frame for the next couple of months. So even though they've moderated a bit, we're going to see that headwind. I think the other piece on the mix side and taking the boiler outlook down a little bit, maybe causing a little more pressure, a little more pressure than what you might be accounting for. And I think also if you kind of think about just the volume side and what I mentioned earlier, that's causing a bit of a mark. We've got back half of the year pricing on boilers and water heating last year that [indiscernible] anniversary, right? So there was improvement year-over-year for the first half. from a comp perspective, but we won't be seeing that in the back half. Hope that helps.
Charles Lauber: Yes. So I mean, we are pleased with the second quarter results for North America water treatment margins for the quarter are right around 12%. There's a couple of pieces of that. One is pricing that we put in last year that's now in place. That helps a bit. There's still some pressure on costs for the water treatment business, but a little relief on transportation is helping a bit. And our direct-to-consumer business was strong in the quarter. So we had a strong direct-to-consumer business that helped a bit on the margin side. So pleased with that. The volume, just recall that last year, we were working through -- we're working through getting our backlog down and got a little bit of benefit there. So pleased with the operating performance. Volume is kind of right where we expect and we expect 5% to 7% growth for the year.
Charles Lauber: Yes. I mean, we exited the second quarter -- or we exited this quarter now feeling like the inventories are approaching or we're probably putting in a good space on normal. Let me kind of break that into 2 pieces, though, on the boiler side. So there's our larger commercial product that's not really an inventory item. So that larger commercial product, and we mentioned -- Kevin mentioned the Crest 02 sensing product that is doing well. Those orders are steady, larger product really doesn't have any headwind in any way on kind of the inventory build, where we get the inventory product, and I'd say the lower, smaller, lighter commercial boilers, along with residentials where we're seeing some of that. But we do believe we're largely through that. And as we get into the heating season next year, we'll kind of have better visibility into kind of where we are on inventories, but we do believe we've kind of worked through that.
Charles Lauber: Our assumption, I'll just kind of summarize it is overall, our price/cost relationships a bit improved, and that's driving a piece of that increase.
Charles Lauber: Well, we are really pleased with Q2, right? China's margins were about 12%. We're very pleased with the results in China for the quarter. If you look out for the rest of the year and China drives the majority of the results in the Rest of the World, Q3 -- I'm sorry, Q4 is the big, I'll call it, holiday shopping, online shopping quarter. Typically, when we have our largest sales, we are turning a quarter on volume, growing 3% to 5% is our outlook. And it will be important we invest behind that. So some of that is waiting to see how Q3 plays out, which we expect we'll be fine, but not a ton of volume and then investing behind kind of the growth in Q4 keeps the margins a little bit in line with that 11% -- 10%, 11%. But nothing from a competitive nature that we're concerned about.
Charles Lauber: Yes. I mean capital allocation really hasn't changed. We're going to continue to invest in ourselves, making sure that we're investing in the new product developments, the plant automation and the efficiencies that we know we need to continue to drive. Our dividends, we continue to have an increasing dividend year-over-year, and we've declared the next dividend. So dividends would be a part of that for sure. We've got from a stock buyback, we certainly are in a good underlevered position. So we do expect to repurchase $300 million of shares this year, and that's expected to be carry out. From an M&A perspective, I'd say it's still active. So we've talked in the past about looking at kind of our priorities around water treatment. We still see opportunities to grow geographically in North America. We see opportunities to look to acquire maybe in the commercial space in water treatment. We also looked globally since that's a global technology and global product, other markets where we can see our positioning in a premium space are also of interest. So continue to be active, and we look to deploy capital.
Charles Lauber: Yes. Just a couple of comments. And we don't get into a lot of detail on pricing. But for the quarter, we've got pricing that's year-over-year improvement in boilers and water treatment because we've got price increases this year that were announced at the end of last year. So a little bit of improvement there. I think if you just look at North America overall in our bridges in our presentation, we show what organic -- we had a decrease in organic growth. About half of that is volume. So you kind of infer the other half is right around pricing. So if you look at the North America piece in total, it's fairly weighted on organic growth equally on where the pressure is. Back half of the year, we've increased our guidance from where we were for North America margins. So just kind of looking across North America, we're seeing a little bit of improvement. Our, still, outlook really hasn't changed.
Charles Lauber: And just a comment around the IRA Act. I mean, there are incentives in there in the IRA act for heat pump water heaters, high-efficiency water heaters. Certainly, that's an upside, but we have -- we really haven't seen traction to move the consumer's decision away from kind of the decisions they make today on replacement, which generally is under an emergency replacement type of environment to trade up to an energy-efficient product with a supplement on some sort of incentive through IRA Act. But certainly a longer-term opportunity as we look at that.
Charles Lauber: Yes. I mean as steel also follows what we see on anything we have with material price in the steel portion is that there's a 90- to 120-day lag. So that portion also sees pricing follow.
