Paul W. Jones: Thank you, Pat, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I get to make a few brief comments this morning but they're going to be quite enjoyable. In the first quarter, we begin to see the benefits from the recovery of new construction activity in the U.S. Here are a few highlights from our very strong quarter. Our organic growth drove sales 9% higher to $510 million. Sales of A. O. Smith brand of products in China grew 15%. Our adjusted earnings of $0.96 per share were 41% higher than the $0.68 per share recorded last year. Incremental margins associated with the higher volumes of water heaters and boilers drove earnings higher. Based on our solid performance and strong balance sheet, we recently increased our quarterly cash dividend by 20% to $0.24 per share. We also announced a 2-for-1 stock split in the form of a 100% stock dividend. John will now describe our results in more detail.
Paul W. Jones: Well, the Lochinvar did as we expected. In north -- in the U.S., it was up about 10% in sales and profits were up even more than that. I don't have a detail on the spare parts, et cetera, but you would expect that to be lower in the first quarter than it was in the fourth quarter with the [indiscernible].
Paul W. Jones: Well, Scott, it's -- we have been working on it pretty steadily since, actually, the balance sheet got in better shape after selling the motor business. I do think we have, maybe a little more energy level right now with the teams that are out scouring the world right now. Obviously, there's nothing we can talk about at this time. But it's a very robust effort. I want to reiterate what Ajita said. It's still a disciplined process. We're not going to do something that doesn't add shareholder value. Our focus is giving returns to shareholders, and we're not going to waver from that. Other than that, there's nothing that I can specifically talk about.
John J. Kita: No, I don't think -- I don't have the numbers in front of me, I don't think it would have been as high as the fourth quarter, but it was sequentially up from last year's first quarter.
John J. Kita: Well, water treatment -- the A. O. Smith branded water treatment continues to do very well. We expect that to be up over 50% this year. Last year, it had sales about $20 million, so we expect it to be up over 50%. We've come out with a new product, that wastes less water and also has a longer-term filter but I think its unique filter to our systems. So as we go down the road, I think we will pick up more and more replacement filter business from that product. So A. O. Smith branded water treatment is doing very well. And we've made a lot of cost improvements in the legacy, non-A. O. Smith branded water treatment. And we expect to see nice improvement from the losses that they had last year.
John J. Kita: I think we went out at the end of the year and got approximately $48 million for the year on an adjusted basis. And we think $48 million to $49 million is still reasonable.
John J. Kita: Yes, really not being one-time in there. We mentioned that there was a little pull-forward of commercial. The bottom line, Sanjay, is we think the industry had its highest quarter in the last 5 years. And we've been talking about that incremental volume would be very beneficial to our bottom line and we saw it in this quarter. Very strong both residential and commercial. And as I said, those both quarters where we think records for the last 5 years. And so that's a big contributor to the margin improvement.
John J. Kita: Well, we saw a very good same-store growth in both Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities. We have more Tier 2 and Tier 3 stores now than we do Tier 1. And as we talked about that, it's an opportunity for us to get to those cities quicker than, say, our large customers who have to build a department store, if you will. We can put out specialty stores, et cetera. So we saw a very good same-store sales in both Tier 1 and Tier 2.
John J. Kita: Well, it's kind of the same regulation. But it applies to Northern California this time. We think the industry and ourselves were up double-digits in the commercial over last year. Where our guess is about half of that is related to this pre-buy. And it's really a factor of you could manufacture the product up through the end of the year and still sell it, and we think our distributors wanted to get that product in-house and it's lower-priced than the new product that will come out. So we think that helped in the quarter.
John J. Kita: I'm not anticipating a formal price increase, as we've had the last couple of years. We will be coming out with a new electric model line. That might have a little bit higher cost because of different features, but we're certainly seeing a positive from the super-quiet tankless that we came out. We came out with an 16 liters last year. We're expanding that across a bigger product line, and that, it does provide. So there is some positive mix that we anticipate.
John J. Kita: I think it's spread fairly equally. I mean, there's strong new housing starts again today, so I mean we're just kind of taking a wait-and-see. While it's been a lot of fits and starts on new housing, but clearly there was some benefit in the first quarter.
John J. Kita: Yes, I didn't do the calculation. But between the combination of the commercial and the residential, that's probably not an unreasonable percentage, 30% to 35%, when you have the two.
John J. Kita: Scott, it's the ongoing process of renewing our products in China. And I wouldn't say that it's anything new or unusual. It's the pipeline that we have, that we keep driving all the time. And so, the pipeline is pretty full in terms of new products that are going to be coming out in the future. And it's the nature of our business in China because it's a consumer appliance and it's something that needs renewing and a new look and a fresh look all the time. But also, in addition to the fresh look, we add features and benefits. And where we can, over time, we charge extra for those features and benefits. And the Chinese consumer is very willing to pay for those as long as they see value. And our teams there have been very successful in doing that over time and continue to do that. We do have a quite a few of them coming out right now, but we always have quite a few coming out.
John J. Kita: Sure, Ryan. We talked about a 7% to 7.5% organic growth from 2011 through 2015, 2011 adjusted for a full year of Lochinvar. And for the most part, we would think that would be relatively linear as we continue, we think, kind of a gradual increase in new housing, et cetera. We think Lochinvar will continue to grow at the 10%. We think China will grow at about 15-or-so percent. And we think there will be -- North America who will continue to grow as housing starts increase. I think -- I don't have the numbers in front of me, but I think we said that North America we think will return about a 14% -- 14.5% EBIT margin. And Rest of World of just a 13%. And so I think everything we've seen, we're comfortable with those forecasts.
John J. Kita: Well, I'll tell you we were surprised by the strength of the residential and commercial. I know I've seen it myself but it was the best quarter for both of those in 5 years. So we're stepping back and taking a look and trying to make sure that it's real and it's going to hold. We did have some one-time items, like we said, the pre-buy of the commercial, et cetera. So as we've done in the past, we're being conservative to make sure we have good visibility. But it was an extremely good first quarter. And again, when we get the volume, we are in a position to provide very healthy margins.
John J. Kita: No, we don't think we've got anything, for example, in the boiler business. What had happened in the fourth quarter, they had to replace cast iron with cast iron because they had to get it done quick. So we don't think that there was any benefit in the quarter from a delayed of Sandy. That would be our guess.
John J. Kita: Well, we forecasted that we'll see about a 200,000 increase in the residential market. And that's really a move of completions from about 650,000 to 850,000. So we're calling the replacement business to be flat. Commercial, because of the strong first quarter, we've raised that also a couple of thousand units, I think from 148,000 last year to 150,000 this year. So we have built in a little bit higher increase and that certainly contributed to the increase in the estimate.
John J. Kita: Well, I think for China, the lower promotion expenses of let's say, $2 million to $2.5 million, were one-time. We think, because of the Chinese New Year's holiday, we did not spend as much during that time period. So we think that will pick back up in the following 3 quarters. The non-A. O. Smith branded had a very nice improvement in profitability and we expect that to continue throughout the year.
John J. Kita: Yes, certainly on the non-A. O. Smith branded, we've made some significant, we think, manufacturing and operating efficiencies and we think that will be continuous.
John J. Kita: I have to do some math. As we've said, historically, gross margins of, say, 35%, that commercial, Lochinvar and China are above that. And that residential is below that. We said that publicly. So obviously, commercial being strong is a big benefit for us.
John J. Kita: That is [indiscernible] up over -- we think double-digit for the industry, we know they were for us.
John J. Kita: I don't think we have real visibility into that. We certainly would assume some of it's coming from the new construction, as the numbers have been coming out fairly strong. So I think the replacement, our best guess, is holding pretty steady.
John J. Kita: It's too early to reset the goal. Again, we had a very, very strong quarter from a volume standpoint. Traditionally, the first quarter is the strongest quarter, from a commercial and a residential standpoint. We saw it even stronger than we expected. You're right, Lochinvar helps in the back half of the year. But we also have the third quarter water heater business is the weakest for us of any quarter. I think it's too early. We're certainly very pleased with the performance this quarter and we'll continue to evaluate that as we go on.
Ajita G. Rajendra: If there's anything that was a pleasant surprise in China is the online sales coming on very strong. That's been good.
Ajita G. Rajendra: This is Ajita. We're always looking at our footprint and looking at ways to make it as effective as possible. And so that's essentially what we've done. And so it's not seeing any long-term trends of weakening of construction in Canada versus the U.S. It's just optimizing our footprint. And from a capacity viewpoint, we can comfortably take care of any sort of increases that we anticipate out in the future.
Ajita G. Rajendra: I'll be general because, obviously, I can't get too specific. But we've been very clear in our strategy in terms of we are in the heating water and cleaning water business. We are a water technology company. And those are the types of acquisitions that we'll go after. So -- and so we'll be spreading out a little bit further from just the water heating that we've been doing so far in North America. And we're looking at regions of the world that are growing faster than U.S. GDP, but not focusing entirely on companies or segments that are outside of the U.S. We are looking at growth markets that's going to increase the growth potential of our total portfolio.
Ajita G. Rajendra: I think, nothing unusual. I can't quote any numbers because, again, that type of information is very tough to come by. But we don't know of any unusual building of inventory or driving down of inventory.
Ajita G. Rajendra: The replacement business tends to be steady. So when we see a spike, it's usually driven primarily by new construction.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Obviously, we don't talk about pricing ahead of time. But over time, we make -- we try to make sure that we balance out any cost increases with price increases. Over time.
