Ajita Rajendra: Thank you, Pat and good morning ladies and gentlemen. 2014 was another excellent year for A.O. Smith. We continued to see the benefits in our performance from an improving economy in the U.S. and our expanding consumer business in China. Here are a few highlights; our organic growth drove sales 9% higher to a record $2.36 billion. China sales were up 18% with gas tankers and water treatment products growing faster than the business as a whole. Our adjusted earnings of $2.43 were 18% higher than the $2.06 per share recorded in 2013 and were primarily driven by higher sales which more than offset approximately $9 million in incremental ERP implementation costs which were incurred in 2014. We continue to review our capital allocation and dedicate a portion to return to shareholders. We repurchased approximately 2.2 million shares for $104 million in 2014. We increased our dividend by 25% last January and last evening we announced a 27% increase to our dividend. In 2014 we returned approximately $160 million to shareholders. In 2014, we celebrated 140 years of serving our customers with honesty and integrity. These values lie at the heart of our success and longevity and they will continue to underpin our culture well into the future. John will now describe our results in more detail.
Ajita Rajendra: And since they are growing faster than the rest of North America, the mix is getting better because Lochinvar is getting to be a bigger part of our overall mix. So all that put together, we'll meet our 16% guidance that we have been giving in the past.
Ajita Rajendra: Will, what we’re seeing here is as we look at China, we have some tremendous assets in China. Primarily our brand, our distribution, our market know-how, our manufacturing capability, etcetera and we have been looking at ways in which we can leverage these capabilities in China and when we look at our brand and the strength of the brand and the attributes of the brand, behind high quality, high reliability, high level of trust and we also see in the Chinese market, the fastest growing appliance right now is the air purifier. And so we partnered with a Japanese company to produce residential air purifiers and we see this as an opportunity. This is a niche opportunity for the Chinese market. We don't see this as being a global business for us but it is an opportunity for us to leverage the very strong assets that we have in China for to help continue our growth.
Ajita Rajendra: And I think you know, just to add some color to that, we continue to see India as a tremendous long-term growth opportunity and that's why we continue to invest in India. The water treatment category as John said is about three times the size of water heaters and the distribution is very similar. So by getting into a new category, we can leverage the sales force, the advertising, etcetera in a similar type of distribution network. And we see again, tremendous long-term potential, but we need some help from the economy which didn't come in 2014 and we hope that will come, certainly will come in the future.
Ajita Rajendra: Maybe just add a little bit in terms of Lochinvar expansion. What we're also doing in Lochinvar with that expansion is expanding our lab capability and we're actually doubling the size of test stations that we have because innovation and as John mentioned earlier, the new product capability and the drive for new products and innovation is a big part of the growth of that business and we continue to see opportunity there, so we're again investing in ourselves and doubling our capacity for engineering and testing at Lochinvar. In terms of India we have, you know consumer confidence has certainly gone up with the new government and everyone is very hopeful that things will improve. I know as much as anyone else because I read the same news releases. I can't point to any concrete things that the government has done that is going to specifically impact our industry but consumer confidence is up. We hope to see the housing market improve. Last year it declined, our estimates by about 15%. 25% plus in some of the larger cities, but we're hopeful that things will improve. In terms of the operations in India, we take an approach anywhere we go. We're a very frugal company in terms of when it comes to people and when it comes to driving costs out of our operations and we have processes that focus on lean and continuous improvement and all of the programs that have made us a successful manufacturer in the U.S. and Europe and China are applied in India. And the improvements are ongoing and there are specific programs, continuous improvement programs like anywhere else in the world. So I think those areas we're comfortable with and frankly when I look at India, last year was a disappointment in terms of the overall results. You have heard me say that before and we know the drivers of the downside. On the positive side, we're building our brand, the brand is getting better known and better recognized. We're building our distribution points in India and all of these are investments for the future and what we believe is going to be a tremendous growth market out in the future.
Ajita Rajendra: Todd, we certainly talk about our pricing and what we've done in the marketplace, but I would hate to speculate on what the competition is doing because we just don't fully know and what we've gone out with is about a 20% price increase which covers the cost.
Ajita Rajendra: Like I said, we're expanding our manufacturing area and also our lab space and part of that involves actually literally moving a parking lot and taking over some of the existing parking lot to accommodate this expansion because again, we see tremendous opportunity in this business, certainly today in the North American market. And out in the future in global markets, although the global part of it is coming slower than we expect, but it certainly - we have high confidence it's going to be there. Like John said we've changed our focus a little bit on the global part because we see the condensing part of the global growth being slow to get there, especially in China. So we switched some of the resources to go after some of the high input innovative, non-condensing products, specifically for the Chinese market and they will be out somewhere at the end of this year.
Ajita Rajendra: I'll elaborate on my comment and it's what we're hearing in the marketplace is that with capital being available a lot of companies especially strategics seem to be going after growth and paying premium prices for growth opportunities and so that seems to be driving prices up and that's what we're hearing in the marketplace. I don't have any statistics to quote that but we're hearing that consistently in the marketplace and with our portfolio of 9% to 10% growth, we don't feel the need to go after growth segments at a premium price. So we're looking at our criteria has not changed. We're looking at the same disciplined approach that we have had in the past, but the comment was based on what we're hearing about and frankly seeing happening in the marketplace.
Ajita Rajendra: I think that you know, when we look at our currency and look at what we have in terms of offshore cash, certainly that would make an offshore acquisition give it, in our criteria which we have published and looked at and that would give an offshore acquisition an advantage and make it look more attractive.
Ajita Rajendra: No, I think that our efforts are at a high level as they have been. So from our perspective, nothing has changed.
Ajita Rajendra: And let me just elaborate a little bit on that Scott. When we talk about the loss in water heaters that includes the expenses for brand-building activities. So it's a combination of all of that and we continue to invest behind the brand because we believe like I've said a number of times in the long-term viability and attractiveness of the Indian market.
Ajita Rajendra: And one last comment, those of you especially in New York and Boston and Philadelphia who made it in thank you. Kudos to you.
John Kita: I'm not sure I heard it completely. But I guess I would say I think I heard full run-rate in third quarter. Yes, we expect as we said in the first half of the year, we'll have some operating inefficiencies, some one-time costs and then the price increase, on average assuming there will be some pre-buy which we're trying to limit, will probably be mid-second quarter as we said. So by the third quarter, yes we should be at a full run-rate.
John Kita: I'm not sure I heard the whole question. I mean, I guess I would say we're maintaining our margins. Clearly, there is a cost increase associated with this move and as we've talked about in the past, we have said our aspiration for North America was 16% operating margins. We were very close to that in 2014 and we expect to be there in 2015. It's a combination of items, some of which is Lochinvar, we expect better performance. We have talked about in 2014 they were affected by higher engineering costs, higher sales costs as they brought two new products to the market and we expect better performance from them in 2015. So all-in-all--
John Kita: Our best guess is, we had a strong December. We assume the industry will have a strong December. So we would guess there was over 100,000 unit pre-buy in the fourth quarter. Our guess would be the first quarter would probably be up, the industry will be up from the prior years by maybe 100,000 units. We certainly will limit the amount of pre-buy, but we would expect the industry could be up. But we may see the ramifications of that then in the second quarter. Obviously there is guessing going on, but that would be our best guess.
John Kita: Well, we have said there is really four capital allocation options with number one being organically. You can see we're doing relatively significant capital expenditure investment in our business, to really support the growth that we're seeing. Number two is acquisitions, we're still very actively looking at acquisitions and think that's the best value creation and I would say in this interim period, we felt from a cash buy back standpoint that we want to hold our net cash position level. So we're estimating that after CapEx and after everything, we'll generate about $100 million, after dividends, after CapEx and that's what we're estimating then for the stock buyback. As you said, we also increased the dividend. So those are the four options. Those haven't changed, and it still leaves us in a position to make value-added acquisitions.
John Kita: Well the replacement market continues to be 10% or so of its business and it's also growing at about 10% a year. So it is staying right up at that level. We've talked in the past about international, we still think China is a very viable market for Lochinvar. The education of the whole industry if you will to condensing is taking a longer time than we expected. So we're actually developing some products that will maybe be competitive in the high-end, high BTU non-condensing market which we hope we're going to be able to take to China in the second half of the year. So we think longer term clearly China is an opportunity for their business and we'll continue to explore that.
John Kita: Well it's hard to say, clearly steel still is at the level that is relatively comparable to last year's first quarter. There has been a recent decline but as we all know, that is relatively volatile, so it can go either way. So at this time, we're projecting it staying at the levels it's at and maybe increasing a little bit later in the year, but we've been wrong on forecasting where steel has gone for a while.
John Kita: Well, from a sales perspective, Canada, we do a fair amount of business in Canada over $100 million, so it does have an effect obviously therefrom a sales translation as well as an earnings translation and we have built that into our assumptions. China, the currency has been around the 6.20 range or so. It's gone down to 6.10, it's gone up to 6.25. Obviously if that were to move dramatically one way or the other that would have an impact, but it's been pretty much at 6.20 for a while. Those are the two major ones. As you know, we do not have much presence in Europe, and so we do not have that concern and issue, that other companies are talking about. So it's a factor, but not a significant factor for us.
John Kita: Well as we talked about, we have had tremendous growth there over the last two years. The industry is expected to be up 40%, so that would certainly be our objective to grow that $75 million branded portion by 40%.
John Kita: Well, you're right. We have been conservative on commercial, we have been surprised, we actually grew 10,000 units last year, we're at an all-time high. I can assure you commercial construction is nowhere near where it was in 2007, when it was at the all-time high. And we've talked about it, it's a variety of factors. It's retrofit where new restaurants are going in. It's redundancy. Our area of the small hotel and restaurant build is doing okay, so it's a variety of items. And at this point, since we haven't done a very good job, we've kind of punted and said we will expect it to be about flat. We have been hearing this construction build story now for the last two or three years. It has not happened, certainly vacancy rates are down so potentially it could happen this year and that would be upside if the industry is higher than 167 because as you know we have good market share in that area.
John Kita: To be honest, I don't have the quarter over quarter growth. I mean, it's been growing sequentially throughout the year. We've forecasted that next year it could approach $90 million to $100 million. It's an area that our management team looked at very closely three or four years ago and started building up the internal capability to do it, so they have been ahead of the market from that standpoint and it's been very successful for us, but I do not have the sequential growth.
John Kita: The channel distribution is a little bit interesting. We were up about 500 net-stores for the year, that's to about 7500. Now that's higher than you would have heard in the past, because as we've done more looking at things, we had about 1000 stores, historically, that were small stores, Tier 3 and 4 that were not included in our count and now we're. So the bottom line is the net stores were up about 500. We expect them next year to be up about 300 net. There continues to be the opening and closing. The distribution of stores is about 62%, so it's moving up a little bit, Tier 2 and above compared to Tier 1. But still, the majority of our sales are still in Tier 1.
John Kita: I think what we said is that we do expect it to improve. We lost about $6.5 million in the water heater business last year which was about $1.5 million more than the prior year that was really driven by the termination of the distributor, mutually agreed upon by both parties which affected the sales by about $4 million to $5 million and the decline in profit. We've also experienced because I would have to guess because of the uncertain in the whole political situation, etcetera there, coming up to the elections, the housing market was clearly down. So we saw the market down, that's the color of what happened. What we expect to happen in 2015 is sales to grow $5 million or so on the water heater side and improve the profit by a couple million dollars as we vertically integrate and have higher sales. Much of that will be used up though in the water treatment which is the market that is probably three times the water heater market which we think is an opportunity. So that's why we're saying net, net, net, we will be about the same. When we look at breakeven analysis and that is always dangerous because as you are looking at currency and all other things, the water heater business was about a $15 million business, we would think we have to get to a level of $30 million to $35 million or so to get to a breakeven on the water heater.
John Kita: We think we still have room to go. The last data we saw, the condensing was about 40% of the market. The estimates we have seen is that could move to 60% to 65% in the next 3 or 4 years, so we think we'll still have some tailwind there. But the other thing that is important to realize about Lochinvar is they continue to bring out new products and the products have been very well received in the marketplace. So it is the combination I would say of the market helping us as well as the innovation of the new products.
John Kita: Well, we're certainly using the design people in China to coordinate with the people in India to develop a product specific for India. One of the biggest differences is China is primarily a below the counter type product, while in India it's an above the counter type product. In India, reverse osmosis is significant, but also other components like UV, UF are bigger than what they are in China. So there are differences in the marketplace. Membrane texture, etcetera is different can be - certain things, the water in India isn't as uniform throughout the country, that creates some issues. So there are differences between the markets. As we have said though, it's a large market, there are formidable competitors there, but we think we can be successful in it.
John Kita: Well I'll do the CapEx and you can do the remainder. What we have said is we really don't have a lot of CapEx in India in 2015. What we said is about $30 million of CapEx associated with China expansion as well as Lochinvar expansion. So those are the two components that are, I'll say bricks and mortar different than in the past and then also the ERP expenditure. So I think we really do not expect to put much more capital in India.
John Kita: They have run out of space because whenever you are growing at 10% a year, they have run out of space. So we've added and that will be an over $10 million expansion that we're in the process of doing, the China one is a little bit unique in that it is primarily combi boilers. We were in a position where we were asked by the government to leave our location of combi boilers so we had two options. We could have squeezed it in to the new Nanjing 2 plant or we have, I'll call it exclusive right to that adjacent land for us, for a short period of time and we're taking the opportunity to build a facility to accommodate the combi boiler plant as well as new labs etcetera for our instantaneous business which has been growing very quickly.
John Kita: Well I think as I said, Scott and you probably couldn't hear it, is the water heater business lost about $6.5 million and we invested about $1 million in the water treatment business. We expect the water heater business can go down to probably about $4 million or something loss. But because of the investment in water treatment, it's going to offset much of that. So we're assuming some volume increases in the Indian market for water heaters as well as more vertical integration which takes out some of the currency exposure we have had there in the past. So we do expect to see the water heater improve, but the total business will probably lose close to that $7.5 million.
