Kevin Wheeler: All right. Thank you, Chuck. We project revenue growth for 2022 of 14% to 16%, which is lower than our outlook in January as a result of volume headwinds in China and a slower starts of commercial water heating. Our sales assumptions include approximately 8% growth in each of the last two years, which well above the historical average growth rate, we estimate US residential water heater industry unit volumes will be down approximately 2% from last year as industry demand normalizes. While the commercial water heater industry demand has started the year slower than expected, our guidance assumes improvement in the remainder of the year as we project the commercial industry volumes will be flat to slightly down compared to last year. We have reduced our sales growth protection in China from 5% growth in local currency to be flat compared to last year, as a result of economic headwinds, we are experiencing from COVID related restrictions. We have increased our North America boiler sales growth projection from 10% to 18% to 20% sales growth, driven by increased pricing in response to higher input costs. Our outlook for North America water treatment sales growth of 13% to 14% for 2022 has not changed. Based on these factors, along with the full impact of our 2021 price increases, we expect our North America segment margin to be between 22.5% and 23% and rest of world segment margins to be approximately 9.5% or 10% or 50 to 100 basis points higher in 2021. Please turn to Slide 12, 2022 continues to present challenges for our global teams and we are meeting them head on. We believe AO Smith is a compelling investment for numerous reasons. We have leading share position in our major product categories. We estimate replacement demand represents approximately 80% to 85% of US water heater and boiler volumes. We have a strong premium brand in China, a broad product offering in key product categories, extensive distribution, and a reputation for quality and innovation. In that region. We have rationalized the cost structure of our China business, streamlined our stores in tier one and tier two cities and strengthened and extended our product offering in both the premium and upper mid-price sectors of the markets we serve. We are well positioned to maximize favorable demographics in China to enhance shareholder value. We continue to be very excited for the opportunity we've see in our North America water treatment business, We have strong cash flow and balance sheet supporting our ability to continue to invest for the long term and automation, innovation and new products, as well as acquisitions and return cash to shareholders. We remain focused on serving on our customers and continuing to meet their needs. Our strong brands across the portfolio, combined with investing in technology to drive innovation and new product development will further enhance our market leadership. We are confident in our ability to capitalize on opportunities as we continue to execute our strategy. With that, we conclude our prepared remarks and we are now available for your questions.
Kevin Wheeler: Yeah, Matt, this is Kevin. I'll comment on that. We believe the market is going to be coming in on the residential side around that 2% range plus 2%. Commercial will be down I'm thinking somewhere in the 20% range and there's some reasons for that, that we outlined with regards to a regulatory change. So that's how the market we see coming in the first quarter in the US. How we did, we certainly got our fair share of both those markets. We performed again, we started out the year again with lot of COVID and weather. So as we outlined in our remarks the first month and a half were pretty tough. We had a really strong finish, particularly our residential teams did very well in the back half, particularly in March. So we feel we did well. Maybe a bit better than the market, but overall we certainly got our fair share, both the residential and the commercial business,
Kevin Wheeler: Yeah, Scott, I'd say our guidance, our outlook on the adjusted EPS has not changed. So we're kind of staying tracked right on that. Kind of the puts and takes on that is, certainly we're seeing the headwind in China. So we've got China where we were saying 5% up in local currency being roughly flat and China for the first quarter starts out pretty strong. So first quarter as we mentioned, we were proactively put product into the channel. So that is expected to stay in the channel for the majority of the year, just as kind of protection, make sure product is out there if there were any transportation interruptions. Also discretionary spending in China ran pretty well. They're able to flex a bit better and be a little bit more nimble on spending since the taking some cost out and restructured the business. So we expect that positive SG&A spending to be a lever we can pull going forward. So volume -- on the volume side, it's really largely China offset by a bit of spend that China can do. In North America, when we look at North America, we improved our margins 25 basis points on North America. The way we're thinking about that is we're coming out of the quarter at about that run rate in March when residential production kind of hits a better pace when we've got components we can perform pretty well. So the puts and takes are, we got China, a little bit of headwind on sales. We got a little bit better margin in North America. Our backlog is still strong on the boiler side. Kevin mentioned kind of the boiler condensing product that's out there, larger product, good margin product. We've got a little bit of ground to make on commercial water heating so that should help our mix a bit. So as you kind of go throughout the year, we would expect that to be a bit of a bit of a help compared to Q1. And we talk a lot of -- we've talked a lot in the past and we've noted in our comments, the water heater pricing, but if you take outside of water heaters in North America and think about kind of the pricing on other product categories, we've got to announce price increases, and I'll just make the range 2% to 12% out there that becomes effective as we go through the year that helps a bit on the margin side as we go kind of the back half the quarter. We still see commodity costs high. We got a little relief on steel, but commodity costs made that up and increased. So our outlook, we really hasn't changed much on costs. We expected that to go up in our January outlook and it has so we're still seeing pressure on the cost side.
Kevin Wheeler: Let's talk about the supply chain first it's -- as we frame it, it's stable, it has improved. We saw our residential components and so forth improve in the quarter, but and we also see some improvement coming in, in the second quarter, on our commercial, on particular components. So, but overall it's been stable. It does improve, particularly on the material side. Components are still a bit unpredictable. So it's getting better, but, we still wake up every day and still at times we'll have issues that we have to work through, but again, our teams are working very closely with our suppliers. In fact, I think we know our suppliers better than we ever have now in the last couple years. So it is moving forward. We're going to have these sporadic issues we have to deal with. But I think that the key takeaway here is we just don't see any major disruptions and before there's even a follow up question, just want to talk about Ukraine. We have no direct suppliers out of there and we're seeing maybe some transportation issues, a small amount in Europe that we have to deal with. China, I think it's still a little early. We stay very close to China. Of course we have a decent supply that based there, particularly on some of our components, but nothing in the early term here that we see any issues with and may maybe some, some medium bricks down the road, but again, no major disruptions in our supply chain that we can forecast at this time. So getting better and all factories are running well. And that's in China as well, just to follow up on that. And we'll continue to work on some of our backlogs. We have large backlogs and boilers. We have large backlog in commercial water heating. We anticipate that second quarter, we'll be able to make a dent in both of those, and they are certainly upsides for us as we go through the year, as Chuck mentioned
Kevin Wheeler: Yeah. Thank you for asking that question. I really think you need some explanation. The regulatory change we're talking about was on the greater 55 gallon electric and without getting into the details the change raise the KW Wattage and requires a different skew. What happened though, our industry really did anticipate that going into effect. We were anticipating the old regulatory to be carried over and extended into the first part of this year. It wasn't. From our point of view, it caught the industry a bit flat footed, not so much on the manufacturing side because we were all prepared. But I think from just understanding the regulatory change on the distribution side. So if you look at it, we had to get out there and kind of update our customers of what the new SKUs would be and so forth. So we saw January very slow. Where we were working through the regulatory change being implemented in getting to our customers. We saw February improve and then when I can just speak from our point of view, March our run rate on greater than 55 gallon commercial which basically our run rate from prior year. So we look at this as kind of a temporary kind of a gap if you will, that will close itself and more normalize as we get through the year. So it was just a situation where the industry had to kind of recover, but the fundamentals of the category, the fundamentals of the business are still there. That's why we're looking in the balance a year for that to stabilize and normalize. So that's a quick snapshot of what happened in that regulatory environment.
Kevin Wheeler: We don't have great view into the inventories and the channel. So what I'm going to tell you is anecdotal industry experience that type of thing. On the commercial side, we believe the inventory is still a bit light in the channel. And that's indicated by our backlogs and just the activity that we're seeing there. So inventory commercially a bit light. We hope to make that up as we improve our production in the upcoming months and quarters. And I'll just probably add on residential. We probably think is about where it needs to be. It may be even a bit heavy because I think people are hedging themselves. Customers are hedging themselves in case any further disruption. So that's our view. Again, residential probably where it needs to be little heavy commercials, still some room. We take care of some production needs and get some products back and do our customers inventories.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, as I mentioned, what I would agree with what you just said, quite frankly, I think as lead types come down and things normalize now, when that is, I'm not going to predict, but right now, yeah, there could be some but again, lead times are going to have to come down. First things are got to be a lot more stable. I don't think it's heavy stock out there, safety stock that we think, but it is a bit higher than maybe normal. But my view, I probably most distributors from my talk to will probably be a bit conservative in making sure they're going to lean in on having product and inventory to service their customers considering the last, year or so that what they've gone through, what we've gone through. So that's our view. Again, we can't predict what's going to happen six, 12 months from now, but that's where we're at today.
Kevin Wheeler: Lead times today are about 20 days that are our goal and what historically we've targeted is 15 days and you look out back in the tougher times there are probably 2X or more, and we've just been able to bring those down ramp up production again, as materials and components were became more available. On the commercial side and we target really the same type of lead times. Right now our commercial lead times are elevated at least 2X to 3X.
Kevin Wheeler: Yeah, so a channel inventory in China. So most of the sales increase for the quarter was putting channel into the inventory or putting inventory into the channel. The level at the end of Q1 is about a month and a half. That's not really outta line compared to it was certainly higher than your end, which was at kind of a five-year low. Felt it was prudent to do that. Make sure we had channel inventory available in case there was transportation interruption. So the way we're thinking about that in our outlook for the year is that, most of that inventory will stay in the channel. We're not really bringing it back down kind of the low level it was is we exited 2021. So we expected to stay there just due to the uncertainty in COVID potential interruption, even though our outlook projects it'll subside a bit as we go through the rest of the year. Kind of the levers and SG&A and the amount in the first quarter of SG&A discretionary spend that was mitigated, I guess, is in that $3 million to $4 million. So we've taken out a large number of stores in tier one and tier two over a 1,000 last year and that reduces the cost, makes those store more efficient gives us a little more flexibility on how we spend SG&A. So those are kind of the inventory levels the SG&A side, The progress on tier three through six cities, tier four through six cities is on track. We continue to the very low cost model, continue to have, think of those again, more counter space, then they are storefronts in the tier one and tier two cities. But largely on track, continue to add to those cities.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, again, this will be anecdotal again. We don't have any great data there, but it just would be natural as energy costs have gone up and a movement for decarbonization and reducing your footprint that plays really well into our condensing boilers. So we feel there has to be some impact to that. Certainly the return on investment now on our condensing boilers today versus they were just months ago or significantly better. So it's playing a role and I think we see that because of just the order rate that we have on our condensing boilers coming in. Our backlog has been high continues to be high, we're shipping, doing quite well, that's why we raised the guidance. Activity in the institutional side activity in the hospitality side, even still activity in the education side is good and our quoting continues to be good. So overall, I think there's one, the market is maybe making up for lost time in the last couple years of COVID. But I do think there is a swing towards condensing high inefficient products for again, paybacks, but just is much for decarbonization,
Kevin Wheeler: Oh yeah, yeah. We did have other pricing. So, when you just kind of park water heaters for a second and look at the rest of our businesses in North America. So water treatment, boilers, we've got range of price increases on different products and it's pretty broad range, but in that 2% to 12% price increases that we've announced beyond 2021 that are just coming into effect and will be effective in the back half of the year and it was needed for those other material costs going up. So some of those pricings actions we'll see as we go through the rest of the year.
Kevin Wheeler: Yeah. I'll touch on that. Wasn't any pleasant tornadoes, but it really comes down to the cold weather, snow, freezing rain and it just impacted our plants and particularly Tennessee and again, if you look at it, you take a couple, three or four days off because of that, that it says has a productivity issue for us the one forward. So that's part of it. We had that happen in Q1 of 2021. It just seemed to spill over into 2022. We managed through that and really, I would tell you the quarter, the real impact we had from a plant standpoint was we had COVID and we mentioned that in our January call, we had absenteeism in our factories about 7% in COVID and that again is significant amount of people that we had to overcome and then again, as we got through January, people started to recover, get back to work after, through February, we got back on track. So weather it's part of it, but I would tell you COVID was probably the bigger part.
Kevin Wheeler: It's largely in the beginning of the calendar year. Yeah. It was -- the last one was announced effective November 15, 2021. So with lead times, it may be a little spill over into January for the most part, it's running pretty much effective.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, 2022, and this is split it, rest of the world separately from North America and kind of mentioned earlier, China, Q2 is going to be we believe in our outlook, the toughest quarter because of kind of where we're starting out in April. So I would say kind of cadence would be China would be a bit challenge in Q2 kind of start to normalize in or really largely normalize in Q3 and then Q4 be the best quarter. North America, if you think about kind of North America, we've got steel in the first quarter, just to remind everybody steel is, was highest in the first quarter that we see throughout the outlook. So a bit of the margin pressure on that 21.1% in North America is little higher steel. That kind of rolls off slightly as we go into the next quarters but as I was mentioning, other commodity costs and other costs sort of fill that gap but margins for the back half of the year, sequentially, Q3 and Q4 are a little bit stronger and that's typically where we have kind of the strength in our boiler business. The back half of the year, we kind of see the cadence of the year playing out fairly normal for the boiler side of the business being kind of Q3, Q4 being a little stronger than the first half.
Kevin Wheeler: Yeah, right now we see our supply chain on the residential side improving and that's really on the material side of it and commercially, we expect Q2 to improve. We do have some really nice line of sight right now into some of the components that have been -- are causing us some production issues. And they look like to be that they'll be resolved, least in Q2 as we go forward. So, overall again, I step back on our supply chain, it is unpredictable, but our teams managed it really well and reaching out to the organizations and the companies that deliver to us and then even our suppliers stepping up and doing the things they have. So we're getting better because our suppliers are getting better. Again, we'll work through some of the Ukraine issues and so forth that we talked about. But overall, I don't see supply chain being an issue for our business as we go forward particularly the second quarter on just by kind of the view that I've had from our procurement and supply chain group. We've managed through most of those challenges and again, anything's unpredictable what we can you change, but we feel pretty good at where we're at. We don't see any of the supply chain issues disrupting our production or causing any issues throughout the year.
