Ajita G. Rajendra: Thank you, Pat, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. 2013 was an excellent year for A. O. Smith. We continue to see the benefits in our performance from the housing recovery in the U.S. and our expanding consumer business in China, an outstanding execution by our operations worldwide. Here are a few highlights. Our organic growth drove sales 11% higher to a record $2.2 billion. Sales of A. O. Smith-branded products in China exceeded our expectations and increased 26% compared with 2012. Our adjusted earnings from continuing operations of $2.06 per share set a record and were 32% higher than the $1.56 per share recorded last year. Incremental margins associated with higher volumes of water heaters and boilers drove earnings higher. We celebrated the grand opening of our second water heater factory in China. This factory will increase capacity in the region by 50% when it is fully utilized. We moved production of our fast-growing gas tankless products and added an electric water heater production line to the new factory late in the third quarter. In April, we announced a 20% dividend increase and a 2-for-1 stock split. In addition, this morning, we announced a 25% dividend increase, and this reflects our confidence in our business. John will now describe our results in more detail.
Ajita G. Rajendra: I think just to add to that. This is Ajita. The whole formula in -- and business strategy in China just continues to work very well. There's a combination of things that help us there, we have a strong management team, we have a very strong brand and we continue to invest behind the brand. And that's why you saw the added SG&A expenses in the fourth quarter because we were a little light in the third quarter. You saw the margins higher in the third quarter because of that. And we went back and invested heavily in the fourth quarter because we really believe that the continued investment behind the brand is an essential ingredient in the success that we have in China, and we will continue to do that. The new products have been -- as John mentioned, have been very successful, and we have a tremendous pipeline of new products that we've been bringing out, and that has really helped us continue to grow our market share. And we grew our market share in both the water heating business and the water treatment business in China. And it's all of these things together that have helped us considerably outgrow the market in China. And what we did with the new factory is, in anticipation of continued growth, the new factory increases our capacity by -- our capability and capacity by about 50%. And obviously, it won't be full day 1, but we do have the full load of depreciation day 1. And as we fill that factory, we are going to be absorbing those costs, and it's going to become a non-factor as we go along. The lines that we moved in there, some of the lines, the electric line, for example, has also shown considerable productivity improvements because we've been able to lay it out efficiently. The tankless line is about the same because that's essentially an assembly operation, so there isn't quite the opportunity for productivity improvement. So the new factory gives us productivity improvement and additional capacity for growth in the future. So all of it put together is what helps us grow at 20-plus percent -- helped us grow at 20-plus percent last year.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Scott, this is Ajita. Let me put it this way. We are satisfied with what we have in terms of the opportunities we're looking at. The -- whether large or small don't really matter as long as it's strategically relevant and strategically fits. And like I consistently said, we are going to be very disciplined about this process. And we want to make sure that we are in that small minority of acquisitions that actually add value to the buyer in addition to adding value to the seller. So we are being disciplined about our process, happy with the opportunities ahead of us, and nothing has really hit. Like we've said, we've gone to the due diligence stage a number of times but pulled back because it didn't quite fit or we found something. Due diligence did its job, and we found things that we were not -- that we didn't like and we were not happy with.
Ajita G. Rajendra: And Sam, I think that, that last point is a key point because what we are driving the water treatment business in China is not to get to profitability as quickly as possible but to make sure that we're making the right investments behind the brand and also, making the promotions and advertising to make sure that the Chinese consumer knows that we are in this new category. And that's -- all of that is what helped us grow market share. But those investments are continuing. And it's all included in the numbers that you're seeing in terms of the profitability of the business. We've been planning to invest for the long term in that business.
John J. Kita: Well, yes, you hit on a couple of the items. One was certainly the advertising. We mentioned in the third quarter that it was artificially low because we were transferring ad agencies for our national television advertising. So that moved approximately $1.5 million to $2 million. The fourth quarter was overstated compared to -- because it was up $3 million to $4 million compared to the third quarter. The second is the plant. I mean, we've consistently said that it will have an impact, and we've said it will be less than 1% of EBIT and that's in the $5 million to $6 million range, and we still expect that to be the case. A little higher in the fourth quarter mainly because of what you alluded to, some startup, et cetera. So it was a little less than $2 million was the effect on the quarter. And then there was also some onetime items associated with adjustments for warranty, et cetera. So we're very comfortable with what China's margins were for the quarter and, certainly, for the year, they were up significantly for the year. And the only impact we see going forward is the plant. But I mean, as we've talked about, if we hadn't built that plant in the fourth quarter we couldn't have produced -- because of the significant increase in demand we experienced this year. So long term, it was clearly the right decision, and short term, it will have some impact.
John J. Kita: No, well, it won't be that high going forward, but on an ongoing basis, that will be $5 million to $6 million a year. So about $1 million to $1.5 million a quarter. And that's primarily just higher depreciation and some overhead. If we look into 2014, I think Rest of World margins were a little over 13%, they'll probably be a little under 13% in 2014.
John J. Kita: Well, without a doubt, what's helped us significantly in 2013 is increased volume. The residential industry, we're guessing, was up almost 600,000 units. The commercial industry, we're guessing, was up 9,000 to 10,000 units. And we said all along that when we get that incremental volume, it's going to certainly benefit us. When we look into 2014, we said we would expect to see some improvements from the restructuring. We kind of said about $5 million. We got about $5 million in 2013. We said the total will be about $10 million. So incremental, we'll get about $5 million. We certainly -- as we look into 2014, we'll have incremental volume, which, again, will contribute nicely but it will be offset partially by the higher FAT [ph] costs. In addition, when we look at steel costs, when we look at the average of the current price of the index compared to the average of the index in 2013, steel costs are up about 8%. And so that will have an impact. So all in all, we wouldn't expect much difference in the operating margin of North America year-over-year when all is said and done. I should mention Lochinvar grew over 10% and had a very nice margin increase and it's doing extremely well.
John J. Kita: It's basically the latter. You're right, the 600,000 was much higher than what we expected. And that comes up with about a 400,000-plus growth in the replacement market in 2013. We've talked about the possibility, as you've alluded to, that happening because if you look at our industry in the late '90s to 2000, it grew significantly with the new housing build, and an average water heater lasts 12 years. So we have said that was a possibility. I don't know if that's the biggest impact this year, but obviously, we were surprised by the growth. So we're guessing the industry was about 8.7 million units for 2013. We're forecasting 8.8 million to 8.9 million, which would represent that the replacement business stays strong but doesn't grow, and that completions are in that 150,000 rate.
John J. Kita: It definitely was. I mean, we had a stronger quarter revenue-wise than we thought. When we look at our major customers' inventory, they aren't up significantly compared to what they have been. I think it just attributes to what they've accomplished with the new products they brought out. And we alluded to in the script, we had 3 significant new product introductions that we got a full year benefit in 2014 and -- in 2013, and all of them were very successful.
John J. Kita: Well, I mean, I think as you get more volume in it, so it will gradually go down as we progress over the next 2 to 3 years, but clearly, you're starting up a new plant with $5 million or so incremental depreciation just by itself that now has to be absorbed.
John J. Kita: Pricing has held up very well in China. We had announced increases in 2011 and 2012. And then I think what we've been able to accomplish is bring out higher-value products with a higher price point, which gives a higher average price. So again, to repeat myself, we are very comfortable with the mid-teen margin that we're experiencing in China. For the year, they're up year-over-year, and they had extremely good year.
John J. Kita: Well, the aftermarket, I don't have the specific numbers, but clearly, the fourth quarter is traditionally their strongest in the aftermarket, so I would expect that's the case. Their margins, as I said, year-over-year, we published last year, we separated out Lochinvar, I think their operating margins were about 23% last year. Those improved nicely in 2013, so they're doing extremely well. The rollout in China is taking longer than expected. And the primary factor there is getting the approvals, et cetera. We will be introducing the residential side, I think, late this -- I mean, early this year. But the real benefit ultimately will probably on the commercial side, which is taking longer than expected.
John J. Kita: The primary reason is just getting the licenses, and the licenses required have some requirements to suppliers, et cetera, that we're not able to get at this time.
John J. Kita: Well, what we don't know, Scott -- you're right, I mean, all we're building in is completions. But what we don't know is the replacement/discretionary, whatever you want to call it, grew over 400,000 units in 2013. And what we're assuming is that's going to stay the same, that, that's going to hold and stay the same. We could be surprised on the upside, I mean, if there's that continued growth. But that was a significant increase year-over-year that -- and we've talked about it that we expect to have some growth in the replacement because of what I alluded to earlier. But they grew by 450,000 units probably in 2013. So we're assuming that's going to hold. Now upside would be that grows.
John J. Kita: I would say it's the latter. No, all we can be pretty comfortable with is the completions are going to continue to grow, and that's what we built in to our estimate.
John J. Kita: The only additional comment I'd make, Scott, is to your size of it. I think we have passed on some smaller ones that just won't have an impact. Because in a lot of ways it's as time-consuming to integrate a small one as a big one. And so we're not actively looking at $10 million to $15 million ones, I'll say, that doesn't mean we won't do it. I think the only other comment I want to make is a good example is India. We talked about our entry into water treatment there. We had looked seriously at opportunities there. And we were just very uncomfortable with the valuations that would have had to have been paid. So at least, starting out, greenfield may have more of a hit to the P&L than if we had made an acquisition. But we think long term, it's going to provide rewards for our shareholders because the all-in costs will be less. So I mean, when we look at acquisitions, we're looking at it compared to greenfield all the time.
John J. Kita: Well, I think we clearly have thought about it. We purchased back stock of $75 million worth in 2013. We purchased stock back in 2012. So I mean, we've said there's 4 capital allocation options for us. One is organic growth. We're investing in India. We're investing in China. We're investing domestically. The second is M&A, which we actively look at. The third and fourth are returning cash to shareholders. We've had our third consecutive 20-plus percent increase in dividend, and we bought back stock. And I think buying back stock will still be 1 of the 4 that we'll certainly continue to look at.
John J. Kita: I don't have the data. I mean, I can make some general statements. Clearly, market share helped. And it was the super quiet growth in the instantaneous market, that helped. That was a contributor. The average selling price of the super quiet is higher, so we got some average selling price benefit there. The electric model we talked about, the increase in price was 4% to 5%. When we brought out that new series 8, that was a benefit because it had value-added features. But that contributed to a higher average selling price and quite frankly, the water treatment grew, as Ajita alluded to, the A. O. Smith-branded more than doubled. So it was a combination of higher price, higher unit sales and higher-watt ancillary businesses like water treatment, combi boilers, et cetera, all of those contributed to the growth. And we also had a distribution growth. We probably went from 5,500 units to about 5,900 units. Now when we turn to 2014, when we talk about the 15%, we won't have those year-over-year benefits for those 3 major product launches that we talked about because we have a full year benefit in 2013. Now what we will have is we expect to still gain market share in both water treatment and the instantaneous. We'll probably grow our distribution outlets some. And more importantly, we'll grow them larger and close some of the non-efficient ones, so the net growth may not be significant but the ultimate growth will benefit. And we expect to still have unit growth because the replacement upgrade market that's happening in China we think will continue to happen. So as we've said, we've grown a lot of different ways in China, and we think that will continue.
John J. Kita: I guess -- I would guess -- I mean, if you look at China and you look how it proceeds during the year, the first quarter is always the weakest quarter because of the spring holiday, spring festival. So that is always the weakest quarter. When we look out throughout the year, so we would kind of still expect the 15% growth, plus or minus a little bit, being pretty consistent across the quarter.
John J. Kita: To answer the first one is the total cost in 2014 will be $15 million, but we had about $5 million of expense in 2013. So the incremental is about $10 million year-over-year. When we look at payback, this is going to be an ERP system we're putting initially through North America, completely through North America, and as we look at the paybacks, the installments will start kind of third quarter this year and carry into 2015. And we've done internal IRRs, and we expect to pay back this investment, but it really won't start paying back until late 2015 and going forward because that's when the full install will be done.
John J. Kita: Yes. We had, as we mentioned, we were breakeven before amortization, and amortization was about $3 million. So it lost a little less than $3 million on an operating basis. We would expect that to be total breakeven, i.e. an improvement of $3-plus million. We continue to invest significantly on the SG&A side. There were -- we're in about 2,900 stores for water treatment in China. We expect that to grow by 600 or 700 stores. So we're in that period of rapid growth, but we're reinvesting from an SG&A standpoint. But as an entity, we expect it to be above breakeven even including the amortization next year.
John J. Kita: If we have a business of $65 million of which we said about $45 million is non-branded and say $20 million is the legacy, we would expect that non-branded to grow by 50% or so, yes. So the $65 million should grow to $85 million or so next year.
John J. Kita: We have -- I don't have data on the space heating market. I'll say we do have products. We have combi boiler products which hit both space heating and potable hot water. It's a relatively small business but it basically doubled last year to over $10 million. So we have that product for the residential side. The products we're talking about for Lochinvar would be residential and commercial boilers for space heating purposes. So we have the products there. And then I think where we very possibly could see some benefits moving off of space heating is we are the market share leader in gas tankless water heating. And as the country moves more to gas, we think we're very well positioned from a tankless product standpoint. So I don't have any of the data on the market size. As we've talked, China has some big migrations. They're going to a consumer driven economy, which will certainly help us as they go to gas. We certainly think we're positioned from a product line. So I think those are some of the benefits we think that are going to help us continue to grow nicely in China.
John J. Kita: Well, I think I alluded to a little bit earlier, I think Rest of World margin was a little over 13% in 2013. We expect that they'll probably be a little under 13% for 2014, and that's going to be driven primarily by the new plant. We don't expect to see improvement in India because of the investment we're making in the water treatment will offset the investment that we're seeing -- the improvement we're seeing in water heaters. So -- and as Ajita has said before, we're going to continue to invest in the business, and that investment is in the form of promotion and...
John J. Kita: Well, as we go under 13%, the margin assumption or aspiration assumes we will get back to 13% or above. And so, we'll start seeing some improvement in India, although India water treatment will continue to be an investment we're going to make for the long term, and it's an advertising-driven type business, so we'll continue to invest in SG&A. So that's why we say we'll be below 13% next year and we expect to be 13% or above the following year.
R. Scott Graham: So I would like to get underneath 2 things: the North American resi water volume assumption and the M&A outlook. On the water heater market, is it fair to state that tankless is still about 4% to 5%, which kind of represents, I guess, 480...
R. Scott Graham: Right. So that would suggest that your -- if we would take that number out of your assumption here, that you're expecting the storage market itself to increase essentially 2.5%.
R. Scott Graham: Right. Whereas residential construction spending is running double-digit and is now apparently starting to move into kitchen and bath areas. I'm just trying to get to -- there's this piece that we've always talked about, there's the replacement market, there's the new and then there's the discretionary, and it seems as if within this assumption, the discretionary has been kind of assumed to be 0.
R. Scott Graham: Understood. I guess I'm a little bit surprised to hear your comment that you're really not looking at smaller ones. Now I don't know what you mean by smaller, but I guess that surprises me a little bit because it would kind of give a deployment of capital into bringing some balance sheet earnings onto the P&L, so to speak.
Samuel H. Eisner: When you look at the 26% growth rate in China for this year, can you maybe talk about how that compares to last year and in particular maybe breaking out the difference between pricing and volume or maybe price mix and volume? Just want to understand the components of the growth that you're expecting for '14 and how that performed in '13 as well.
Samuel H. Eisner: Great. And then on the new ERP system, I think you called out $10 million or so in the press release but $15 million on the slides, so I'm just trying to understand the difference in the 2 numbers. And then also, in terms of the payback, I mean what specifically are the investments that you're making in the ERP system, and when do you expect to receive the payback and the timing for that? Just trying to get some more information behind the ERP system.
Samuel H. Eisner: Great. And then just lastly, on water treatment, particularly in China. The expectation, obviously, you broke even this year, but is the expectation that you'll be profitable next year in that segment? Just want to understand the year-on-year difference.
