Ajita G. Rajendra: Thank you, Pat, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Our double-digit sales growth in the second quarter was driven continued strong demand for our consumer products in China and positive end markets for our commercial water heaters and boilers in the U.S. and Canada. Here are a few highlights. Sales grew nearly 11% to $738 million. Excluding the impact from the strengthening U.S. dollar against the Chinese currency, our sales grew 12.5% in the quarter. China sales were up 20% in local currency. A. O. Smith branded water treatment sales grew over 40% in local currency and air purification product revenue quadrupled. Record-setting net earnings of $0.53 per share were 8% higher than our earnings per share in 2016. We continue to review our capital allocation and dedicate a portion of our cash to return to shareholders. Through the first half of 2017, we repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares for $66 million. We announced a 17% increase to our dividend earlier this year. The five-year compound annual growth rate of our dividend is over 25%. Many of you are aware that A. O. Smith joined the S&P 500 Index this morning. We are honored to join this prestigious group of U.S. company. Our inclusion is a significant milestone in our company's very rich history and a testament to the 15,000 men and women around the globe who work very hard every day, living our values and contributing to our success. Today marks a significant accomplishment for all of us. John will now describe our results in more detail, beginning with slide 4.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Thank you, John. We project revenue growth to be between 11.5% and 12.5% in local currency term in 2017, and 10% to 11% in U.S. dollar term. We expect Aquasana sales will be approximately $55 million this year and slightly accretive to earnings. Aquasana sales were up nearly 20% for the first six months of this year compared with last year. With a full year of Aquasana sales as part of A. O. Smith, we expect our global water treatment product sales will be over $275 million in 2017. We project that Chinese currency will depreciate slightly from current levels against the U.S. dollar, resulting in a 4% or $38 million revenue headwind compared with the average rate in 2016. Specific to our North America segment, we project the U.S. residential water heater industry volumes will increase approximately 300,000 units in 2017 due to new construction and expansion of replacement demand. We project U.S. commercial water heater industry volumes will be up 5% to 7% with most, if not all, of the growth in electric units. Lochinvar-branded products grew 5% in the first half of 2017, driven by strong demand for water heaters and solid growth in commercial boilers. We expect double-digit full-year boiler sales growth driven by continued market share gain, new product introduction and energy-efficient product growth. We expect the total portfolio of Lochinvar-branded products to grow 8% into 2017. In 2017, steel prices continue to move up. We expect steel costs in the third quarter will be the highest year-to-date. We recently announced the price increase of approximately 4% on the majority of our U.S. water heater products, effective late August. These factors lead us to expect our North American segment operating margin will be between 21.75% and 22% despite the headwind from lower Aquasana EBIT margin of nearly 40 basis points. We have received several questions about the Sears-Amazon announcement last week. We manufacture water heater exclusively for Sears with the Kenmore brand. Based on our conversation with Sears, water heaters are not part of the program with Amazon. Let me repeat that. Based on our conversation with Sears, water heaters are not part of the program with Amazon. Specific to our Rest of World segment, we are a consumer products company in China, which distinguishes us from most industrial companies operating in China. We grew 23% in local currency in the first half of 2017, led by water treatment and air purification products. With a strong start to the year, partially due to the pre-buy in the first half, we expect China sales will be up low-double digits in the second half of the year and approaching 17% in local currency for the year. We project improved profitability and operating margins in our Rest of World segment in the second half of the year compared to the first half due to a full-year benefit from the price increase and lower advertising expenses as a percent of sales in China. We made some adjustments to the price increase in China late in the second quarter to broaden its impact. Improved profitability in India due to the normal seasonality of water heater business will also contribute to higher Rest of World margin in the second half of the year compared to the first half. We expect Rest of World margins will be approximately 14% for the year. Please advance to slide number 11. Our total company organic growth model continues to assume 8% growth for the foreseeable future. Especially in these uncertain economic times, we believe our organic growth potential and our stable defensive replacement markets, which we believe represent approximately 85% of North America water heater and boiler volumes, positively differentiates A. O. Smith among other industrial companies. Coupled with growth and stability, we have a strong balance sheet poised to take advantage of strategic acquisitions that add shareholder value as well as allow us to return cash to shareholders. This concludes our prepared remarks, and we are now available for your questions.
Ajita G. Rajendra: First quarter, sorry. And so, it's just the timing of the cutoff, I think. If you look at the first half, it's about where we expected it to be.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Scott, let me answer the question from a practical perspective, because I don't want to get into too much speculation. The white goods that are distributed by Sears go out of about approximately 200 different DCs around the country. Okay? The water heaters that are distributed by Sears go out of about six DCs around the country. So, the distribution network is nowhere near as close. The second point is that in most places, a water heater needs a licensed plumber to install it; whereas, a lot of white goods is plug-and-play. So, from a practical perspective, leaving aside the big, bulky, heavy, relatively low-value water heaters, moving these around one at a time just becomes economically not feasible. So, we're not speculating too much or don't see too much of an impact coming from this.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Yeah. This is Ajita. We're building a business in Vietnam, which is primarily water treatment, and there's potential for water heater to follow; wherein India, we are exporting into South America and other markets. So, from the point of view – and also we have now in addition to the U.S. exports, which have been established and been there a while, we have two other low-cost country manufacturing locations which we can export from; primarily India and also China, although China capacity is a little more limited – available for export. From that perspective, you could see us exporting from our current manufacturing bases to other countries. In terms of setting up factories in other countries, we don't see anything in the near future just because the scale isn't there to support a manufacturing location.
Ajita G. Rajendra: I think we're seeing the boiler business pick up some of the things we talked about in the first quarter in terms of lots of quoting activity, but the projects being kind of slow. We see that picking up. We are picking up market share, because we were up in the first half. And best information we have is that the market was about flat. And we have some really interesting new products coming out. So, combination of all of that gives us confidence in terms of continuing that growth trend in the second half.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Yeah. And just one point of clarification on the residential comp, we brought on a large new customer last year. So, there was a buy-in.
Ajita G. Rajendra: That whole changeover is on track. It's gone about as expected. And all the stores have the product and we haven't seen any major shifts. It's kind of as expected, on track.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Yeah. I think, in terms of just looking out into the future and the potential, it does certainly have the potential to be a much larger business than it is today. But it is a seasonal business. There's about half the year that it sells. There's robust sales, and then during the summertime it isn't as much. Whereas water treatment in comparison, is a year-round product, and just because of the reasonably low household penetration of water treatment products, frankly both products, we see lots of room for both of those businesses to grow.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Your statement is true, but it's not a new phenomenon. It's always been that way. So, from the perspective of any change, we really don't see a change. I've always said China is one of the most competitive markets in the world, because you have every manufacturer in the world there and fighting for space. So, we don't really see a change. It is very competitive.
Ajita G. Rajendra: And so, the engineering, the advertising, the brand building, all of that that supports our premium brand position is intact and we keep strengthening it.
Ajita G. Rajendra: And also, in terms of the new categories getting into the stores, it's always an evaluation of the cost of getting in, which is training the people, getting the merchandising, the fixturing and all of that for a new category versus what we expect in terms of revenue and profitability. So, that balance and evaluation that we make whenever you're going to a new store versus not. So, that whole process is an ongoing process.
Ajita G. Rajendra: But overall, we are very happy with the performance and where we are strategically with that acquisition.
John J. Kita: I'll try. I will tell you our steel prices have increased every quarter this year. And clearly compared to the prior years, they're up significantly from the prior year. So when we tear apart, for example, North America second quarter, the pricing could not offset the steel increases last year. I mean, the price increase last year did not offset the steel increases in the second quarter. However, as we talked about in our script, commercial water heaters was extremely strong for us in the quarter, as was commercial boilers. So, those were the contributors on why we had a net positive for the quarter. So, I don't know if that answers it, Scott, or not, but we've had continual increase in steel costs.
John J. Kita: Well, I'll take that Scott. When we put it in, there was an anticipation that steel prices, and we talked about it on the year-end call that we thought steel prices would level off and maybe decline. We haven't seen that at all, and they've continued to increase. So, I think that's part of the factor on why we're seeing what we're seeing is they continued to increase higher than what we put.
John J. Kita: Well, I'd say they weren't talked about because they were flat to the year, prior year. And you saw that certainly in the April and May data. And I'll tell you what we saw in June, it was the same. So, it was very flat with the prior year. And then, when you look, that's down a couple hundred thousand units from the first quarter. But I'll tell you, overall, we're pleased where the industry is. It's up almost 200,000 when you include tankless year-over-year.
John J. Kita: No, I would say, it probably doesn't need to pick up in 2018. You always have a situation where in the first half of the year, and we experienced that in the second quarter, you have some pretty significant trade shows, where we spent, gosh, $2.5 million, $3 million at the appliance and electronics shows in the second quarter at the Aquatech Show, at the Boiler Show, et cetera. So, we wouldn't – that's not going to repeat itself in the second half. But obviously, we've said all along, advertising is a key component of our SG&A expense as we maintain the brand and build the brand in some of our water treatment and air purification and combi businesses. But I think given some of those expenses in the first half that won't repeat themselves, we're comfortable advertising being down first half year to second half year.
John J. Kita: Sure. Well, let's talk about the second quarter first, so you understand what happened, because sales were off and not much dropped to the bottom line. What we had is about two-thirds of our sales increase came from water treatment and air purification. We spent pretty significantly on SG&A and grew the distribution and advertising. So, their profits, even though on two-thirds of the profits – two-thirds of the sales were about flat. Our most profitable major SBU, water heaters, was actually flat in the second quarter which, quite frankly, we expected because of the pre-buy that happened in the first quarter. But we didn't expect is that profits would actually be down and it was a combination of conversion costs, but also some mix. We alluded to mix in the press release and what it was, was some of the high-end electric, fully featured was a smaller percent in the total for the quarter compared to the prior year. So then, we also spent on a new product that we're bringing out, the point of use softener, we spent about $1 million on that, had a loss of $1 million. So, what happened is the higher sales that we got from commercial, that we got from combi, that we got from parts was – parts business is doing very well, kind of offset those losses, so we ended up neutral. Now, when we look to the second half of the year versus the first half of the year, what we have is we're going to get the full benefit of the half-year price increase. And as we alluded to in Ajita's comments, we expanded that price increase in June. And so, we expect to get significantly more price the second half of the year than the first half of the year. If you recall, we basically got nothing in January – I mean, in the first quarter from a price standpoint. And then, two, as we said, SG&A, we expect advertising will be down second half compared to the first half, et cetera. So, that's kind of the major pieces of the bridge from the first half to the second half as well as what happened to the margin in the second quarter.
John J. Kita: So, I'll start with the China. The China, we did expand it to encompass more products, so it included commercial, it included combi. We also adjusted some of the prices on some of the existing products that we raised in the first quarter. So, to give you a percentage that kind of varies by SBU, I couldn't even give you an average right now. But we did expand it and we also added to some of the existing increases we had in the first quarter. With respect to North America, it would cover the majority of the products, but we did not raise it on things such as tankless and specialty water heaters, such as heat pump, et cetera. So, it was not an increase on that. And as you know, some of our customers have a pass-through for steel, so it didn't affect those.
John J. Kita: Well, I'll tell you the first part, which is commercial, June was very strong for us and, we assume, for the market. So, if you look at the first two months of commercial, it was kind of a net flat, but we saw a very strong, and quite frankly, we were up in the first two months even though the market was flat, and then we saw a very strong June. So, that's with respect to commercial water heaters. And as Ajita alluded to, on the boiler side, if you look at our commercial boiler business, it was actually up high teens. The residential boilers were down, partly because of a difficult comp last year, and also as we bring out our new product, getting the heat exchangers is going a little slower than we thought. But we had a very strong commercial boiler business in the second quarter. So, commercial right now, and I know there's mixed signals out there, the Dodge Index is good, the Architectural Index is good, but they're starting to say adjustments could slow in the second half of the year, but we're certainly not seeing it.
John J. Kita: One, I don't know and two, I'm not sure we'd really comment if we knew. I mean, I think I'll say we're tracking where we thought where we're going to be in July.
John J. Kita: So, that's a positive. So, they've been able to sell out the old, if you will. And so, the inventory levels are where we want them to be, if you will.
John J. Kita: I guess, I'd say it's tracking where we thought. Last year, we sold about $25 million. This year, we expect to sell about $45 million. We did say it was 4 times and that's true, but last year, it was $2.5 million in the second quarter. So, it was about $10 million in the second quarter this year, which is – that's not the prime season. The prime seasons are the fourth quarter and the first quarter. I would tell you, and Ajita may disagree, but the estimates for the growth are not as good as what they are for the water treatment. I think most of them are kind of – estimates are high teens, versus water treatment, clearly, it's 30%-plus. But air purification, we're trying to get a position in the marketplace that we've spent on advertising, et cetera, and to build the brand, and trying to develop products that we think can differentiate it. So, I'd say we're tracking where we thought we were going to be.
John J. Kita: I'll try to answer. There is a gap between August and September. We wouldn't expect there would be much pre-buy. It'll happen mostly within the quarter because we'll try to limit it to a month or so. So, we wouldn't expect there will be much pre-buy effect on the quarter. But yeah, there is a gap in the pricing of modeling.
John J. Kita: And I think our competitive advantage of having built up that infrastructure from an engineering standpoint and being first to market with products and with features that the consumer wants, that's still very much in agreement.
John J. Kita: Sure. I'll start with air purification, we lost about $5 million last year. We'll lose probably about $2 million this year, but I think our run rate at the end of the year will be breakeven. So, we expect to be breakeven for the year, next year, or profitable in air purification. Water treatment, we are profitable and have been. I think that the litany of our water treatment is a good example of how we try to leverage the high gross margins that we have in this product to ultimately get them to profitability. So when we started the water treatment, we probably lost $10 million, then we lost $6 million, then we made $3 million. And last year, we were at about low-double-digit margins. So, it's a nicely profitable business for us, not at the average for the business, but certainly progressing that way.
John J. Kita: Well, I think we said that water treatment will be about $185 million or so in China with the A. O. Smith brand.
John J. Kita: Well, to give you an idea, we're over 9,000 stores in the water heater, so about 9,400, 9,500. We would be over 7,000 stores. We've grown that pretty dramatically this year, probably about 900 units or so this year in the water treatment. So, we're over 7,000. In air purification, we're probably at about 3,000 stores or so. Now, again, those last two would probably have a higher percent online. But from a store standpoint, we're continuing to do what we've always done is we'll be the first to tell you there are some underperforming stores. We evaluate those stores quarterly. And ultimately, if we're not comfortable with the forecast of being able to get them to a reasonable level, we'll shut them. And we'll continue to prune stores minus and add stores. So, I think it's a consistent philosophy we've had for the last several years.
John J. Kita: I think that's where the area of expansion is. That's where the growth in new housing, I'd say, is occurring. And so, we've been moving into that for the last couple of years.
John J. Kita: Less than 50 bps. I'd say, I think it's progressing well. Year-to-date, we're up 20% in sales. And the cost synergies that we forecast, I'd say, are probably a little bit ahead.
John J. Kita: And I'd say, their P&L impact has not really changed. They're on plan and meeting the expectations from a P&L standpoint.
