Kevin Wheeler: Thank you, Helen, and good morning, everyone. I’m on slide 4 and will review a few of our third quarter highlights. I’m very pleased with the execution of our team across all of our businesses to deliver a strong third quarter EPS of $0.90. The performance of our North America segment was particularly strong. We saw resilient demand for our residential water heaters as well as year-over-year improvement in our operating margin. China’s new products drove year-over-year improvement as newly introduced kitchen appliance products were well received by the market. Innovative new products, combined with our strong brand, drove growth despite a continued challenging economic backdrop. India entered the year introducing a number of new products in both the water heating and water treatment categories and has delivered year-to-date sales growth of 17% in local currency. We also acquired Water Tec, a high-quality Arizona-based water treatment company. This acquisition aligns with our strategic growth aspirations to expand water treatment across the U.S. We welcome Water Tec team to the A. O. Smith family. Please turn to slide 5. North America water heater sales increased 13% in the third quarter as a result of continued strength in residential water heater demand. As you may recall, sales in the third quarter of last year were negatively impacted by channel inventory destocking of residential water heaters, primarily in the wholesale channel. Our North America boiler sales declined 18% in the third quarter against a difficult comp in 2022. In the third quarter last year, we worked down our backlog after making significant production and supply chain improvements. We believe channel inventories are approaching normal levels. Demand for our commercial high-efficiency condensing boilers, particularly our Hellcat CREST boilers remained steady in the quarter. North America water treatment sales increased 5% in the third quarter of 2023, primarily driven by pricing and e-commerce sales. The quarter also benefited from pricing-related margin improvement. In China, third quarter sales increased 9% local currency compared with the third quarter of 2022, primarily due to our newly introduced dishwasher and steam oven products. The quarter also benefited from higher commercial water treatment sales and positive mix. I’m now on slide 6. We continue to introduce new innovative products in water filtration. I’m pleased to highlight the launch of our new SmartFlow reverse osmosis filtration system under both our A. O. Smith and Aquasana brands. The product takes up less space and features an easy filter replacement process. Our SmartFlow technology features a multistage filtration process that removes up to 99.9% of 90 contaminants, including PFAS, arsenic, microplastics and lead. It also features our innovative and exclusive side stream reverse osmosis technology, making this one of the most water-efficient systems in the market. This is one example of our commitment to bringing innovative water heating and water treatment -- treating products to the global market. On November 6th, at our Investor Day, each of our businesses will highlight new products that are driving results in the marketplace. I’ll now turn the call over to Chuck, who will provide more details on our third quarter performance.
Kevin Wheeler: Thank you, Chuck. We have narrowed our 2023 sales outlook to grow approximately 2% compared to 2022, which was the high end of our previous guidance. Our outlook includes the following assumptions: Residential water heater orders remained strong through October. Therefore, we project 2023 residential water heater industry volumes will increase approximately 4% compared to last year. We continue to monitor proactive replacement and new housing completions, both of which remain favorable. Demand for commercial electric water heaters greater than 55-gallon continue to be robust. Our guidance for commercial water heater industry volumes to increase mid-teens compared to 2022 is unchanged. We maintain our guidance that our sales in China will grow 3% to 5% local currency in 2023. Our forecast assumes that the Chinese currency will devalue approximately 6% in 2023 compared to 2022. Our boiler business outlook of being down high single digits compared to last year is unchanged. As a reminder, 2022 is a difficult comp. We entered last year with a large backlog, which we worked down and exited the year with a normalized backlog, partially contributing to our boiler business growth of 28% in 2022. Our outlook for North America water treatment sales is to grow approximately 5% to 7% for 2023 also has not changed. We project that our sales in India will grow 15% this year. Please turn to slide 12. Again, we are very pleased with our performance in the first nine months of 2023. In North America, residential commercial water heater demand remained strong through the third quarter. The year is lining up to have a normalized split of approximately 52% of volume in the first half of the year and 48% in the back half of the year. As we expected, North America operating margin was down sequentially in the quarter, but remained strong relative to historical performance at 23.9%, even as we recognized higher steel costs in the quarter, compared to the first half of the year. In China, the team continues to execute very well across our various product lines through a balanced go-to-market channel strategy. New product introductions, continued growth in commercial water treatment and positive mix led to a 10% operating margin in the quarter. India continues to outperform the industry. We see great potential for our India business as it continues to deliver growth through new product introductions and premium customer service. Our focus remains on taking care of our customers as we continue to execute our key strategic objectives to advance our position as a global water technology leader. With that, we conclude our prepared remarks, and we are now available for your questions.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, I’ll tell you -- and we’ve been talking about it each quarter, a biggest surprise has been the proactive replacement side of the business. That’s -- we thought that would moderate as we came into 2023. And quite frankly, it stayed strong and continues to be strong. And we’re very pleased with our number of completions that’s been positive as well. So you put those two together, a surprise, yes, but along with having that strong convergence in place. I mean, you put the two together, and it’s been a good year for water heater demand, and we see that continuing into the fourth quarter.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, you outlined many of the reasons right now. Certainly, people are staying in homes. There’s higher renovation. People aren’t moving, so they’re taking different actions. There’s some anecdotal here that we just have to be careful with. Really proactive replacement has been trending up since about 2019. And so, we don’t take one year as a trend. But we’re in our fourth year here, and it hasn’t really changed. And there’s some anecdotal evidence here that there’s some generational impact here. And so, where you look at a maybe a baby boomer would wait till it breaks, maybe the younger generation, Gen Zs and millennials indicate that they do a bit more proactive work than their predecessors. But, I would take that with a grain of salt right now, but it’s one trend that we watched now for a number of months, and it hasn’t changed, and it continues to be strong. So you put that together, is there a generational impact there? Maybe. But we’ll continue to monitor it. But right now, it’s held up surprisingly well now for 16 straight quarters.
Kevin Wheeler: I would tell you, we think that as well, but we’re not ready to say that. But again, it’s something we watch and the data that we use, we’ve been doing this for a decade-plus. So, it’s been a good guidepost for us long term. But again, we’ll see how it plays out. But right now, we see the proactive side of it holding up pretty well.
