Ajita G. Rajendra: Thank you, Pat and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. We set earnings records again in the third quarter and sales were the second highest in company history. Here are a few highlights. Organic growth in both of our segments drove sales 7.5% higher to a third quarter record of $625 million. Despite being a record, this is lower than our previous estimate for the third quarter as we believe a pre-buy of residential water heaters in the first quarter ultimately negatively impacted third quarter volume. In addition, the decline in the value of the Chinese currency negatively impacted sales by $5 million.  China sales were up over 13% in local currency. Net earnings of $0.82 per share were 39% higher than the adjusted earnings per share of $0.59 in 2014. We continue to review our capital allocation and dedicate a portion to return to shareholders. In addition to our regular dividend we repurchased approximately 850,000 shares of $57 million during the third quarter. Our transition to NAECA III compliant products is complete. This was a complex project impacting approximately 80% of our U.S. residential water heaters. John will now describe our results in more detail beginning with slide 4. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: Well, as we have talked in the past there are several significant items. We have had price increases that we have talked about in commercial and residential and also in Canada. Lochinvar sales were up in the third quarter and their historically back half of the year is much stronger than the first half of the year so that significantly helps margins.  Commercial volumes were also up and so it is kind of a series [ph] and material cost were down. So it is a series of many items. Now, the current margins were over 21% in North America. Again our health buy Lochinvar in the second half of the year, we talked last quarter and he said that on an ongoing annual basis flat 19% to 20% has reached the current commercial level pricing and deferred levels. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: Well, so the first one is inventory levels. We said at the end of June they were slightly elevated. I guess now in hindsight they were probably a little more elevated than what we thought. If you look at what happened, the trend during the quarter in July and August thus far residentials were down about 5% -- 4% to 5%. We are expecting in September they were down closer to 20%. Now part of that is a very difficult comp with the prior year but the other part was still meaningful adjustments of inventory levels. And I think when you go back on what we have said, when we started the year we said that we thought there was a pre-buy of 100,000 units in 2014. Then we rolled forward to the first quarter and the first quarter volumes were up 300,000.  In the second quarter we said we assumed residential was going to be down about 10% and it was flat and we were surprised by that and we -- I will say prematurely then took our estimates for the industry up by about 150,000 units. I think we are right back to where we started with our original projections saying we think the industry is going to be flat for the year and part of that is going to come out of September and October. So that would be our best guess. I will comment on consumer pricing and I haven’t heard anything. I will make the comment that from an end consumer product, the price is very reasonable. You get a six year warranty, you get a very energy efficient product that is going to last 12 to 14 years. So, in the appliance world it is a very reasonably priced end product that I guess -- I haven’t heard any push back if you will. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: And I think Bill if your question was around the investment in terms of SG&A and advertising, etc we have been saying that we will lose about $4 million in the category, air purification category and we are comfortable with that. So we are in line with what we have been saying. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: And I think lot of just in times that some say they adjust upwards and lead times go out and they adjust downwards and lead times shorten. And I think it is an impact of that. But as John said, it surprised us too. It was higher than we anticipated but we don’t see any major market impact that is causing that other than inventory. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: And this is in line with again things we have been reading about China where infrastructure spending has come down and this is again as John said, small part of our business but it is being impacted by that. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: I am not exactly sure of the question, but I guess what I will confine is that we have said in the past that Lochinvar is about 60% of their earnings come in the last half of the year, 40% in the first half of the year. We are certainly seeing that and their commercial business is very strong which has given better margins for them. So that is a contributor. We have also seen our commercial business up year-to-date and in the third quarter relatively significantly and again that is a big contributor because those two businesses are our highest margin businesses. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: But I do want to caution that quarter-by-quarter that mix will change and frankly we are not really good at forecasting quarter-by-quarter. But from a longer term or an annual perspective we are very comfortable with those three buckets. And it so happens that this quarter they are about a third each. But there are times when one will be growing faster than the other and compensating. So, I just want to caution that it is not always a third, a third, a third for the three buckets. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: We have not seen any movement away from our product being on the high end. And in fact if we look at our short-term market shares in China again from a value perspective we have been inching up. So we have not seen any movement away from the higher end product. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: Not really, I think overall I think like we said during my comments, we are comfortable with the 15% annual growth that we have been talking about. And to your point we’ve used GDP as a convenient benchmark or reference point in the past but as GDP becomes more volatile I think that’s why we are trying to explain more in terms of what really drives our business and we get down to the three buckets that are impacted really by different components of GDP by consumption as opposed to the whole GDP measure by itself. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: The category grew phenomenally fast last year and for the first half of this year has been relatively flat if not down a little. This is the total category in the market. But yes, it’s so comfortable that it’s a great place to go into because we think overtime we’ll be able to bring some innovation and new things to that market. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: No, first of all the answer is our strategy has not changed. So we have been very consistent with our strategy. There are opportunities out there, no question about it. The market is very expensive. People are paying -- companies who don’t have the organic growth we see are paying very high prices for growth. And so it makes it a little more challenging type of market but we are sticking to our strategy and our stated objectives in terms of return to shareholders. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: Again, I will give you some macro comments and John you want to add to it, but we don’t expect there to be too much difference in the cycle and the cyclicality of the business. And we are just going through our plans. So our plans are putting them together. So they are by no means definite but again, longer term we are very comfortable with the 8% plus growth portfolio that we have talked about, organic growth portfolio that we have talked about, very comfortable with that. John, do you have anything to add. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: Well, I guess I would say is I don’t think it has really changed the dynamic change before or after in that thought from a product standpoint. But you still have all the things of your distribution channel. We have better distribution channels. We have all of those things that will come into play is not by any meaningful price gains. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: Yes, I mean from the point of view of saying we are not going to be adding to our cash reserves, we are going to be buying back shares, yes. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: I wouldn’t say we are forecasting much in the way of deceleration of margins in the fourth quarter. We earned $0.82 in the third quarter. The midpoint of our range in the fourth quarter is I guess about $0.84 and so I don’t think we’re expecting much in the way of deceleration in margins by overall. I mean there will be some on the margin because commercial and Lochinvar is a little bit lighter in the fourth quarter as in the third quarter which is traditional. They have been every year we owned them. In the commercial market we would expect it will be down a little bit but again nothing significant. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: No, just to clarify what I mentioned was that we expect the air purification number to be negative $4 million in 2015 this year. We have not said anything about next year. Again these are new businesses we are getting into and we expect that we’ll have to invest behind them which is by the way again part of our strategy which we have been doing right through, that as different categories grow and then their growth stage we’ve always been investing in what's coming down the road and what's going to be our growth engines in the future. So this is a continuation of that strategy that has been very successful for us in China and we hope in India going forward. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: But also I think to answer your question is their concern about their financial strength and their ability to fund the growth that we expect going forward. No, and we do monitor that, we work with them and if we find that there are concerns about that we have a plan to switch them up. So that and that by the way is not anything new. That’s something that’s been in place for sometime in the way we manage the business in China. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: Well I think Canada -– I mean I think the balance are relatively flat. Obviously there is an effect on the translation back to the U.S. Also much of the product is purchased from the U.S. by three of the four competitors there and that’s really what generated the price increases to maintain our reasonable level profitability. 
Ajita G. Rajendra: As you saw and when we had our Analyst Day there, the expansion is happening and is going very well. That’s the combination of expanding manufacturing capacity and also expanding engineering and testing and lab capacity. And that’s all looking at the long-term. And as we’ve indicated we think that there is a long runway for this business to continue to grow at 10%. And so what we are doing is just planning for that and that’s going well. So from a longer term perspective since the dynamics are in place and we are very comfortable with that and what's built into our guidance. 
John J. Kita: I think that is very accurate. There has been no push back we are hearing in the marketplace in terms of from the end user. 
John J. Kita: Well the only comment I’ll make is fuel cost have come down somewhat. But otherwise I think you summarized it pretty well. It is a combination of price increases and non data and commercial both in the U.S. and Canada. We have higher margin dollars associated with the NAECA product. We had a very strong again commercial which helps both our Lochinvar and our commercial water heaters. And we have lower material cost. It’s the variety and then on top of it compared to the prior year we had about 5 million less ERP cost. So it’s a variety of several items. 
John J. Kita: In the declines in volumes in the third quarter, as we stated in the past we did increase prices for the new NAECA III products on average 20% and we have been very transparent with what the NAECA pricing increase is. We really can't comment any further on pricing as we’re the only public company in our industry. 
John J. Kita: Well I don’t think we necessarily said we had inventory issues. I mean we said that inventory levels in the third quarter were up consistent with the prior year and we think that was driven primarily by the holiday that comes in late September and goes through October. So at this point I don’t think we are uncomfortable with the inventory level. 
John J. Kita: I mean so when we break it into the three buckets we really say that the first bucket is the water heater market and our expectation is its going to grow about 7%. And I say that’s about what we’re seeing and we now have the formal number for last year and as we look at numbers and then we’re seeing that’s about 70% of our business. So that ends up being about 5 points. And then the third bucket is the one you are eluding to when you look at our water treatment for the last two years that went from 18 to 43 to 75, that added 5 points by itself. This year 73 to over 105 is going to add 4.5 points or whatever and with the air purifier it will add or take us over about 5 points of growth. So I mean that’s how we kind of break it up and then there is the second bucket which Ajita alluded to. 
John J. Kita: And I think just another point to add to that is that we hear lots of obviously news about GDP dropping and it has gone, the forecast has gone for 72, 6.9 but what impacts us more is consumption because unlike a lot of companies we are manufacturing in China for the Chinese market and the Chinese consumer. And so the consumption portion of GDP is what impacts us more and the forecast -- IMA forecast for that component is growth of 7% to 8% in the next couple of years. So it is very consistent with what we’re seeing and what you are hearing from us. 
John J. Kita: So, I will start with the last one. Store locations were about 8000 stores so that is top. I think the distribution of 40% in tier 1 and 60% in tier 2 and 3 is still pretty close. So that hasn’t changed. Your first one is hedging of reconfigured, low cost [ph] hedging that is not as terribly liquid market on the LME and on the exchanges but we continue to look at it. And we have made no formal decisions. The second one was air purifiers. Well I think the one comment we have made is that given the significant growth in water treatment and we think the potential for air purification, we are going to have to put some breath in water in China for those two businesses and we are kind of evaluating the options right now on what to do there. 
John J. Kita: Yeah, I think the fourth quarter is about $4 million or $5 million Bill, somewhere in that range is reasonable. So when you are 17 so we spend about 13 year-to-date. I mean we have been kind of running at that $4 million to $5 million range if you will. 
John J. Kita: I mean, it is a great question and obviously we did not certainly anticipate it when we took volumes out. But the best and I will use the word guess is lead times. If you go back to the first quarter they certainly wanted some of the -- our partners wanted some of the old products and we put them on allocation but they got them. The new product came out and they certainly wanted some of that product and the lead times I think for the industry extended some. And because we were changing 80% of our SKUs, it was a significant undertaking. So, I think there was safety stock built up, etc, etc that is just again our estimate and that now lead times are back to more normal levels. For us and we would guess for all of our competition and now there is some excess inventory in the channel. That is the best for lack of better word that we can come up with. 
John J. Kita: And so we are right back as I said earlier to our original estimate where we thought there was about 100,000 of pre-buy, 100,000 to 150,000 pre-buy in the fourth quarter and we said completions were going to be up 100 to 150. And so we would watch and we kind of said the industry would be flat. Now the thing to remember is the industry has grown pretty nicely over the last two years as replacement has become a bigger piece. So I think right now we’re staying flat as a reasonable expectation. 
John J. Kita: The remaining months of the year, for the fourth quarter we would expect it is going to be down and again part of that is a reflection of that pre-buy that happened last year, right, that’s 100,000 to 150,000 units. So it ends up with the industry being down I guess couple hundred thousand units or something. 
John J. Kita: Really it did have an effect on margins in the third quarter. We have about a $30 million business last year so it’s not a huge business but it’s a very profitable business. Year-to-date we saw that its down over 30% and it has specifically affected the third quarter by about 3 million sales being down 3 million and profit being down 2 million. So, the bad news is that it had a significant effect, the good news is the business is only $30 million business and we have seen that in a couple of different parts. We saw that in our Lochinvar business to sell boilers through a distributor. Those sales were down in the third quarter also relatively significantly. So the bad news is yes, the commercial market is weak. The good news for us is that it is not a huge component of our sales by any means. 
John J. Kita: Well in theory but again if we are down to some $20 million we would think at some level that kind of a baseline. So we are down from 30 to probably a little over 20 this year. I am not sure it will go much lower.  And it really does mask how well China really did in the quarter because water heaters and water treatment were up very nicely. You take out that $3 million decline in sales they were up 15% in all their other businesses. So they had a very good quarter. Margins were good. Again except for this effect of the commercial business as well the translation of their margins. And with that margin dollars if you will. So all in all I think China had a very good quarter. 
John J. Kita: Well I think we would kind of expect that and I think we talked about that a little bit in previous calls. That last year we had higher margins in the first three quarters and then lower margins in the fourth quarter. And it was really as correctly what you said a distribution of some of the SG&A cost. And I think we have kind of said that we expect this year is going to be more of a level type kind of margins for China if you will. 
John J. Kita: I mean as we have talked to our partners we would say it is probably stretches through October and then we anticipationally send a level off. 
John J. Kita: It is more pronounced in home side. I understand the question now. It is more pronounced in home side. 
John J. Kita: Sam, their margin percentages were up very, very nicely for the quarter and year-to-date and part of that is what you alluded to. Commercial was up more and so that contributed to that. I hope that answers the question but yes, their margin percentage points was up very nicely year-to-date.
John J. Kita: Well, so first of all remember that China was up about 13.5% not 9%. They were up about 13.5% in the quarter and local currency terms. And I guess if you ask me and I haven’t done it but I would say it was 5% or so for water treatment/air purification. We think the market was probably up 4% to 5%. When you adjust for the -- I should say 6% to 7% and then you adjust for our 70% of the business. And we continue to gain share in water in the instantaneous side of the market and some price. So I mean, I think it was reasonably split between those three buckets for us to get the 13.5% in local currency terms. 
John J. Kita: You know one thing is that we don’t count and don’t speculate on what's going to happen to price going forward. It is just again we are the only public company and we are the only ones out here talking about plans and speculating on prices, something we just don’t do. 
John J. Kita: And air purification I think we have said in the past under $10 million and we were always in that 8 million to 9 million range so I think we are -- we really haven't adjusted that down. I will say that the air purification in the first half of the year, the markets did not grow as expected. But we really didn’t have much effect on us if we’re just bringing our products into the market place at this point in time. 
John J. Kita: It won't come down. We are going through the planning process right now. It will go up mainly because you end up expensing more during go lives and we will have more go lives next year. So we are kind of looking at that right now and its probably could approach $25 million I guess next year but we are in the process of doing that when we get in the first quarter call, we’ll have finalized that. 
John J. Kita: I think everybody it appears have approached it pretty much the same way and so the offerings that have come out are relatively consistent. So, we would not, I don’t think expect much movement from a market share standpoint either way. 
John J. Kita: Right, so I think just to reinforce that, the competitive dynamics have not changed vis-à-vis NAECA coming in. But your point in terms of if you segment the business into the commercial and residential, clearly the residential business is much more commoditized and the commercial business sounds much more in value and that is where frankly we come out on top.
John J. Kita: So year-to-date we were at about 15% and we would expect the fourth quarter will be about 15% increase and that’s why we’re comfortable with that. And nothing out of the ordinary as I mentioned earlier, we had all of our SPUs [ph] did extremely well except the commercial side and the commercial side its only $30 million business in 2014 numbers. So it did have an effect but the business is doing very well and we are comfortable with the 15% in the fourth quarter which would give us about 15% for the year. 
John J. Kita: CMM has estimated that the water treatment in China is going to grow 35% to 40% over the next three or four years. We are seeing this year we would expect probably above 40% growth in that category and that’s what we’ll have. So we are very comfortable with that mainly because the penetration rate of water treatment equipment in China is very low compared to other developed countries. So I think that’s the basis why CMM is saying that it is going to continue to grow and grow dramatically over the next several years. And we’re comfortable that the size of the market sorry it is a little hard to get your hands around but we would say that without the AT, etc it is probably a $2 billion market. Half of it is distributed through our channel and half of it would be on the high end so our gap is probably a $500 million to $600 million market at this point in time but growing dramatically. 
John J. Kita: We do not have the same study in water treatment in India. We just brought that product to market late in the first quarter of 2015. We are really doing it in two cities in India as its heavily advertised product and we wanted to make sure that we were focused on a couple of cities and that’s where we are looking at right now. 
John J. Kita: We have no price adjustments on the wholesale side of the business and we have a few on the retail side of the business. So I don’t think necessarily automatically you can assume that. 
John J. Kita: From a China perspective where one water treatment growth is last year I think was about 5 point not 8 points for the total. This year it will probably be about 4.5 points so it is very close to the same number. So there is not much of a difference there and as Ajita alluded to there is different buckets and different moving on three buckets year-over-year but nothing specific from a water heater standpoint. We continue to do very, very well on the instantaneous gas with our new products and again the thing you have to build in there is commercial [indiscernible] and that’s kind of on the periphery is affecting some of the noise.
John J. Kita: We have some inventory built for a variety of reasons but our DSOs were down and our account stable base were outside I think year-over-year. Our total days in cash cycle were down. 
John J. Kita: You know a lot of the independents and the distributors that we have we get our cash up front. So really there isn't a whole bunch of AR type risk that we run in China. 
John J. Kita: Well I think we have strong distribution partners because they are selling our product which is selling very well. So I mean we are comfortable with the strength of our distribution partners. And we have a lot of specialty stores. We have I think what 1800 or so specialty stores but those are concentrated. It is not that we are dealing with 1800 different distributors those are concentrated in a group of distributors if you will. So we continue to do well and our partners are doing well. 
