Kevin Wheeler: Thank you, Helen, and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 4 and our second quarter results. I'm very pleased with our second quarter performance and how we are tracking for the year. In the second quarter, our global A.O. Smith team delivered record quarterly sales of $1 billion and EPS of $1.06, a 5% increase over 2023 adjusted EPS. North American water heater and boiler sales increased 10% due to higher volumes and pricing action. China third-party sales grew 2% in local currency. India achieved double-digits growth in local currency for the 10th consecutive quarter. And last week, we announced that we signed an agreement to acquire Pureit, a leading water purification business in South Asia. We look forward to welcoming the Pureit team to the A. O. Smith family later this year. Please turn to Slide 5. North America water heater sales grew 10% in the second quarter due to higher residential and commercial volumes and pricing actions. We began shipping our internally developed and manufactured gas tankers products in the quarter, and we are very pleased with market acceptance. Our North America boiler sales grew 10% compared to the second quarter of last year, driven by higher commercial volumes. I am pleased to see a return to growth as channel inventory levels normalize, we are on track to achieve our boiler sales forecast of 8% to 10% for the year. Sales of our commercial boilers, particularly our CREST boilers with Hellcat Technology continue to outperform the market. North America water treatment sales increased 8% in 2024 as acquisition-related dealer sales increases were partially offset by weakness in the retail channel. In China, second quarter third-party sales increased 2% in local currency as a result of sales of kitchen products as well as HVAC products that were partially offset by lower volumes of residential water treatment. While markets for our core products remain challenged, we are pleased with our market share in the premium portion of the water heater and water treatment product categories. However, we have seen pricing and promotion pressures, particularly in the mid-price sector of the market. I'm now on Slide 6. This year, we are celebrating our 150th anniversary. It's a time to reflect on those 150 years of living our values of achieving profitable growth, emphasizing innovation, preserving our good name, being a good place to work and being a good citizen. It is also gratifying to be recognized for the continuation of those values. So far in 2024, our team has received several honors that reflect our employees' dedication to our core values. Earlier this year, A. O. Smith was named one of the world's most ethical companies by Ethisphere, a global leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical business practices. In addition, our commitment to innovation and energy management has resulted in our Nanjing China plant being selected as one of the 2024 Nanjing Environment Protection Model Enterprises in recognition of our waste and emission reduction efforts. We also received a 2024 ENERGY STAR Sustained Excellence Partner of the Year Award from the EPA for the sixth year in a row for our long-term commitment to energy management through our products. In addition, we were named 2024 U.S. News Best Companies to Work for in manufacturing by U.S. News & World Report. While the reward is the satisfaction our team receives for doing the right thing and living our values, these honors validate our values as a differentiator for our employees and stakeholders. I'll now turn the call over to Chuck, who will provide more details on our second quarter performance.
Kevin Wheeler: Thank you, Chuck. We reaffirm our outlook that 2024 sales will grow 3% to 5% compared to 2023, which includes the following assumptions. Our outlook includes previously announced price increases in North America water heating of 4% on most of our water heater products. Prices increase [ph] for heat pump products is 8%. We began to see realization of the price increases in the second quarter. We believe that a pre-buy ahead of the price increases pulled forward some demand in the first half of the year for both residential and commercial water heaters. We have seen some softness in our orders in July. Due to normal seasonality in the pre-buy, we maintain our projection that 2024 U.S. residential industry unit volumes to be flat to last year. And our projection that U.S. commercial water heater industry volumes will increase low single digits in 2024 is also unchanged. Our outlook assumes that new residential home construction and proactive replacement will remain at levels similar to last year. In China, we believe the economy and consumer confidence remain weak. We continue to see headwinds in consumer demand. While we are cautious about the second half of the year, we maintain our 2024 third-party sales growth guidance to be between 0% and 3% in local currency. Our forecast assumes a negative currency translation impact of approximately 2% for the year. We reaffirm that we expect our boiler sales to grow 8% to 10% over last year. Our sales growth guidance for North America water treatment of an increase of 8% to 10% is also unchanged. Based on our 2024 assumptions, we expect our North America segment margin to be approximately 25%. And the Rest of World, third-party segment margin to be approximately 10%. Please turn to Slide 12. We are pleased with our performance in the first half of 2024. We saw strong growth in water heaters in the first half of the year, which we believe was partially driven by the pre-buy. We are pleased to see a return to growth in our North America boiler business as channel inventory levels normalize and we continue to benefit from the transition to higher energy efficiency boilers, particularly in commercial applications. Our three capital expansion projects that will add capacity for key product categories in North America are on track and will position us well for long-term growth. India remains on track for another year of projected double-digit sales growth, and we're excited to complete the Pureit acquisition later this year, which will double our sales in the South Asia region. Pureit's strong brand and strength in the e-commerce channel will complement our premium brand will make us the number three residential water treatment company in India. Even as we celebrate our 150th anniversary and our rich history of innovation with employees, customers and partners, we remain focused on meeting the needs of our customers and executing our key strategic priorities to advance our leadership position in heating and treating water around the globe. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we are now available for your questions.
Kevin Wheeler: Yeah, hi. This is Kevin. Maybe I'll touch base on. Inventories are pretty much where we expect them to be in that 4 to 6-week range. So nothing that meaningful. There's ups and downs as we go forward. What we mentioned is it's a very competitive market. Consumer demand is weaker than it's been. And so the consumers are a bit cautious. So we're seeing a bit more I would say, promotional activities, we saw it in Q1, and that's kind of carried over into Q2 as well. I think our team is managing it really well. Again, we don't chase every order. We're very selective on how we go to market. And if you look at it overall, growing 2% in local currency in a very competitive market it has some consumer headwinds. I think our team has done a really nice job of balancing those competitive dynamics. I also want to remind people that we also have some areas in China that are growing well. You look at our kitchen products are doing well. Our commercial water treatment is doing well and so was our HVAC part of the business. So being diversified as we are on the water heating side and water treatment, but also having the other adjacencies has helped -- it made a difference in this difficult market. So overall, I'm very pleased that we're in China, and we'll keep managing it in the back half of the year.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, I'll take the first part of it and just to talk about the acquisition in general. First, I want to go back to our Indian business is performing really well. We have a terrific management team that's been executing for quarter after quarter. And we're looking to scale that business, both organically and inorganically. And Pureit plays a nice role in that business. It's a solid brand in the market. It complements our India business that we have today. They're stronger in e-commerce, have a nice retail presence - presence that also dovetails with our general trade and our retail presence. So overall, the business is doing well. It's a premium brand. We're not -- we do overlap. We're not exactly have products positioned right next to each other. So if you look at it, the overall, the brand, the product positioning, we're excited about bringing the team on, and doubling our business is going to make a big difference. It's going to make a difference in our scale. We're also going to be able to leverage our infrastructure and that we have on the ground there, whether it be logistics, manufacturing, you name it. So doubling our business is -- we're excited in doing with a premium company like Pureit and a premium brand really sets up nicely as we go forward after the close.
Kevin Wheeler: If you look at it, it's mainly on the commercial side of our business, Susan. And we came off a pretty difficult quarter last year, but still our quoting [ph] has been active. That transition from kind of standard models to high efficiency continues. So overall, we're about where we thought we would be. Our new products are doing well. I mean, the CREST boilers has always done well, but you add the Hellcat Technology on top of that. And that's just being really well received in the market. Order rates have been good. They continue to be good. Backlog is strong. So overall, I just think the commercial segment is doing well. The overall industry is slightly up, and we're doing better than the industry. And even on the residential side of the business, that's also a positive. So again, 8% to 10% coming off some easier comps, but the overall macro environment is good, and it plays really well into Lochinvar and our high efficiency focus that we've had over the years, and we're seeing some real benefits from that.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. I mean the steel has come down a little bit. By the way, boilers grew at 10%, I said 8%. So I'll just correct that. It's a 10% growth for the second quarter. As we look at steel, we're thinking our outlook has still roughly flat year-over-year. As we mentioned, steel went up in the second quarter compared to first quarter by about 20%. It was about 25% higher than Q2 last year. So there was a bit of a ramp up. We've seen some softening in steel. As you recall, our lag is 90 to 120 days. So as we kind of look at the back half of the year, we see quarter-over-quarter, Q2 to Q3, a little bit of relief. And then as we look into the fourth quarter, with that lag, we haven't baked in all of our indexes because they haven't all been issued. As you know, it's a monthly index that sets the pricing as you look, 90 to 120 days out. So we do expect a little bit of relief in the fourth quarter. And it pegged kind of our outlook very similar to what the index was issued for the month of June.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. And just to mention, we always give you an outlook for the month we're in on the call. But if you look at -- we talked about a pre-buy, we do believe there was a pull ahead, and we started to see a bit of softness in May and June into July. But I think July is also are one of our weaker months, and really, the third quarter is one of our weaker months because of the summer and the heat and so forth. So that's why we do think it's going to return as we get into August and September, and that's why we're holding a flat rate for the U.S. residential tank type market through the balance of the year. So it's a temporary low that I think just gets us back to what our forecast has been for the entire year.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, I would tell you, again, we're coming from a low -- kind of a mid-single-digit market share. So we've had a very good launch. And I don't want to give you the numbers because they would sound really high. And they are for us. We're very pleased with the adoption by our customers. The -- and again, we launched the high-end condensing model first, and that's been well received by a number of customers, and it's easily hitting our expectations as we start to launch this product going forward. Again, we'll have two more products coming in by the end of the year, which will complete the line and then our factory in Juárez is on track, maybe a bit ahead of schedule, and we'll start to do some assembly to manufacturing towards Q4 and get ready in 2025. Maybe I'll help Chuck touch on that. But having the tariff go away at the start of 2025 is going to make a big difference in how we view this from a margin perspective going forward.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes, I'll touch on it first, and then maybe Chuck will jump in. It's a tough market. And as we said, we're cautious about even our guidance. But our team is doing a terrific job balancing not only price and promotion, but also the cost of our business. We talked way back when, when we went through the pandemic. A lot of our costs are now more variable than they are fixed. And so we're just balancing it. Again, we're a premium brand. So we're in a different part of the market in a different clientele. But overall, it's still a tough environment. And most of the pressures that we're receiving are kind of in that mid- to upper mid level, not on the higher level. And our team is evaluating it. Again, I think we're taking a targeted approach. It's not going to be easy, but we're confident in our China management that they can navigate the way through the second half of the year.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. And we'll introduce a few new products in the back half of the year. Chuck mentioned, Q4 is our strongest quarter. And again, we're building some momentum in commercial water treatment. We're building momentum in our HVAC side. So again, putting the combination together challenging, but we think it's very doable.
Kevin Wheeler: I mean nothing new. I don't think that that we've talked -- that we haven't talked about before. I'll just mention that the tankless launch does cause some pressure on margins, that 50 basis points is sort of spread to the full year margin projection of 25%. So clearly, as we launch it, it's heavier weighted into Q2, 3 and 4. So that's probably the only other area of a little bit of headwind on margins that I would say to take into account as you're thinking about the back half of the year.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. I mean it really tracks closely with volumes, right? So our cost structure on selling expense is largely based on a commission basis. So as we sell more product, we're going to have a higher selling expense. We also emphasize different products with a different commission level to drive initiatives from time to time. So somewhat variable, I think, is the best way to look at it, and it tracks closer to volumes than it does just kind of flat out expenses. We do mention the launch of tankless products. So we've got some initiatives within our launch of the tankless products that's driving that number, just a little bit higher.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. I don't think we're really trying to message. We've always thought we came off a pretty strong year last year. And going forward, if you look, you look at our - our merchant replacement, which is always going to stay the same proactive new construction. Again, whether it's single-family or multifamily, we felt that was going to be relatively flat. Interest rates would probably keep it flat. So we saw that the pre-buy - we're a little surprised when the 4% pull forward a bit more than we had thought. But when you step back now and you kind of look at how we started the year, kind of a trending down to maybe give some back and then you look forward the next five months. We're just very comfortable as a flat year with strong growth in gas-tankless, and we're going to see some good growth in heat pump both residential and maybe even some commercial as well. So just trying to get back on track where we really think the market is, and we're very comfortable with that flat residential outlook just based coming off a very strong year.
Kevin Wheeler: No, I would say we're more bullish. I mean we still believe 25% is going to be where we'll end up. We were about at that in Q2 on some really nice volumes. So Q3 will be a little more challenged on that because we will give back some of the volumes at least in our outlook, and then back to volumes that would drop to the bottom line. A little lower steel than our last assumption. So there is a little bit of opportunity on the steel side when we look at kind of our guidance from a quarter ago. But we're still feeling 25% is kind of the midpoint of where we think we'll end up.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. I would tell you that, one, I always want to start with is just a calibrate, it's still 2% of the market, but it is a growing category, and it's very specific. You just mentioned New York, California, other parts that are really promoting it. That continues to grow pretty nicely. I mean, we've kind of forecasted a 25% to 30% growth over the next several years, but we were north of that in Q2. So it still gets momentum. We have a great product line. We're having more and more distributors and retailers stock it in a broader variety. So that's a good thing, availability is everything. So overall, the category continues to grow, albeit in certain states. But again, it's well above our growth that we've had, and we see it continuing. It's a great product. We have a great product line. It has a nice payback story. It's just one that needs to be planned and so forth in the markets that are subsidizing it and putting money up front and helping with the purchase, it's growing quite well. So again, 25%, 30% going forward the next several years, and we had a nice Q2, there was several points above that.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, I would tell you, you described the market pretty well. And so I think what we're hearing from our distributors, they have some optionality and they would like to buy from us. When you look at the commitments we have and the long-term relationships that we have with our distribution and be able to sell not only tank-type and commercial, but also tankless on there, I think, is really important. We still have to meet the market and be competitive and so forth, and we are. So overall, do I expect every one of our distributors to drop their current product lines? The answer is no. But I do look forward to adding a very competitive gas-tankless product line to their inventory and then let us compete in the market. And I think we're going to do very well. It's going to take us several years to move that forward. But again, we control our own destiny now. We have great support from our distributors. And I look forward to what's going to happen with our gas-tankless line as the next few years kind of develop.
Chuck Lauber: Yes. Good morning, Matt. Happy to. If you look at the cadence for the back half of the year, clearly, we had a strong first six months. We mentioned a bit of what we believe to be a pre-buy in the North America market with our price increase. So as you kind of look at volumes of North America, we look at Q3 as being a bit challenged because of some of that pre-buy and then Q4, probably looking very similar to Q2. So a little bit of headwind and the volumes in Q3 and a little bit of return back to where we were on Q2 in the fourth quarter with continued momentum on the tankless gas, tankless product. Margins will follow. The margin cadence in the third quarter will be challenged by the volume headwind in the third quarter. In China, we're coming off what I would say, a solid first half of the year, still see weakness in the economy, as Kevin mentioned. As always, our fourth quarter is expected to be the strongest as we go into the back half of this year. Third quarter also will be a bit challenged on the volume side, we believe. We've seen a bit of weakness, July orders, both on China and both -- within -- I'm sorry, within China and in North America. So a little bit of a slow start to the third quarter, and that will probably translate into volume headwinds, and it will leave a little bit of an impact on the margins.
Chuck Lauber: Yes. And from a financial profile, it looks very similar to our India business today. I mean, Pureit business is the majority is in India, but it's also in Bangladesh and some shipments outside of the -- in Sri Lanka and Vietnam. But in total, roughly same size of their business around $60 million. Profitability-wise, very similar to what our India business has experienced in the last couple of years, meaning low to mid-single-digit profitability. Growth-wise, as a premium brand, they've seen also very good growth in the region. Kevin mentioned 10 consecutive quarters of 15-plus percent growth. And I believe they've seen very similar growth rates. So we're pleased with the way the financial profile matches up. And as Kevin said, coming together, we would hope to continue that growth momentum on a larger base and look for opportunities to leverage the bottom line as we go forward.
Chuck Lauber: Yes, we expect to get it back in the second half. It's timing. And it's a little bit of tankless water heater inventory being built up for the large part, it's timing.
Chuck Lauber: And just to comment on cadence on the comps, I mean, we were up 8% this quarter, but the comps get easier quarter-over-quarter when we get to the third and fourth quarter. So we feel very comfortable with the 8% to 10% growth.
Chuck Lauber: Right. I mean, Saree, from a comp perspective, it's all positive when we move to Juárez [ph] as we relieve ourselves of the 25% tariff. We take away of the long [ph] logistics lead time and some of the costs associated with bringing the product all the way back to North America from China. So we're really viewing when we start up production in Juárez is a very positive upside to our tankless category.
Chuck Lauber: Yes. We took quite a few cost actions over - within the COVID time frame in China like Kevin said, to change some of our cost structure to more variable take costs out of the business. Closed some very less profitable store footprints and feel pretty good about our position to be flexible as volumes challenge us a bit. So we'll continue to watch it. Right now, I think we've got China at about 11% for the year, very similar to last year. We anticipate being able to kind of work through it and continue to focus on cost and be at that percentage.
Chuck Lauber: Yes, I just would add, I mean, we're excited about our tankless offering, be that is internally designed. It's going to be manufactured in North America. And we're going to own the category and from our own perspective rather than from partnering with somebody. So we're going to expend some -- we're going to promote this product for the first part of the year, make sure we could get everybody to understand what the product does, training, some promotional activities. All those are really important for us to get that product into the market, make sure people understand the futures and benefits and how they really can benefit them going forward and how we can compete long term in this category. So this is a onetime expense, but it's one that we're going to kind of lean into and make sure that we get the product off and off to a good start.
Chuck Lauber: Well, volumes being up certainly helps us. When you look at the boiler business, it's largely a commercial product that we're talking about being increased 8% to 10%. So it's an improvement when you've got growth in that segment or in that product category.
