Paul W. Jones: Thank you, Pat. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. In the second quarter, we continued to see improvements in sales and earnings as a result of our acquisition strategy and global footprint. Here are a few highlights. Our organic growth and acquisitions drove sales 19% higher to $484 million. Lochinvar, acquired in the third quarter last year, added $55 million. In China, our sales of A. O. Smith-branded products grew 17%. In addition, we implemented a price increase in the U.S., which became effective in June and we experienced a pre-buy of water heaters in the second quarter, ahead of the price increase. Our earnings improved 47% to $0.75 per share. Lochinvar continued to contribute significantly and met expectations.  Last week, our board approved a 25% increase to our dividend, which reflects our confidence in our business performance, as well as our strong financial position.  John will now describe our results in more detail. 
Paul W. Jones: Thanks, John. Given our strong performance in the second quarter but tempered by pressure on the third quarter from the pre-buy in the U.S., we raised the bottom of our expected 2012 EPS guidance to between $2.80 to $2.90 per share. Our guidance does not include the impact from future acquisitions and the gain related to the sale of our RBC shares. Our outlook for 2012 includes the following assumptions: First, we continue to remain positive on our growth in China. We expect our growth of A. O. Smith-branded products in the second half of the year will be at a low teens rate compared with 18% in the first half, resulting in a full year growth rate of 15%. The growth rate in the second half will be impacted by more difficult year-over-year comparisons, as well as our belief that some of our distributors are carrying larger inventories than normal levels as a result of our new product introduction and a slowdown in retail store sales.  Second, we expect Lochinvar to continue to benefit from the transition from lower efficiency, non-condensing boilers to higher efficiency condensing boilers. Lochinvar's market-leading condensing boilers continue to offer a compelling payback in the form of energy savings, and the company has built a reputation for innovation and product quality. As a result, we expect Lochinvar's growth rate in 2012 will be over 10%, well ahead of GDP growth in the U.S.  I should remind everyone that Lochinvar does have some seasonality to its business related to the products it sells for hydronic heating. Lochinvar's second half of the year typically has higher sales and profits than the first.  Third, we expect water heater volumes in the U.S. to remain at approximately 2011 levels due to the stable replacement and non-discretionary nature of our products. Given the pre-buy we experienced in the second quarter and the normal seasonality of water heaters we expect to see in the third quarter, we believe we will experience lower volumes in the third quarter, which will bring our customer inventory levels back in line with our 2012 volume assumptions. We project that the adjustment to our volumes, particularly our higher-margin commercial volumes, will have a negative impact on our operating margins in North America for the second half of the year.  Fourth, given the challenging macro environment in the Eurozone, I want to remind you that we have minimal exposure to that region.  And fifth, we are planning an Analyst Day on September 26 in Nashville, to showcase both our water heater plant and our boiler plant. Watch for details from Pat and we look forward to seeing you in September.  Our Lochinvar acquisition was a very positive first step in building our global water platform and continues to meet our expectations and grow profitability and synergies. We continue to focus on water-related opportunities globally and have identified a number of interesting possibilities. You've seen this before and we show this only as a reminder that we will be a financially disciplined acquirer. Our transactions, we focused on creating returns for our shareholders.  We will now open the phone lines for your questions and I'll turn it back over to David. 
Paul W. Jones: So, Sanjay, we have a reputation for being a bit conservative. But we just try to give you the best information we can from what we see right now. There's always a lot of moving parts. And this is essentially our best estimate of how we see the second half. 
Paul W. Jones: No, we're shipping units. Just a little elaboration on it. This was a pretty significant price increase. So for our financially stable wholesalers that have cash on hand, it would be worth their while to lay in a couple of month's worth of inventory. So that's why there was probably a little bit larger pre-buy than maybe what we've had when we had low single-digit increases in the past. 
Paul W. Jones: Yes. And we're still on track for that, Matt, adding approximately 800 this year. There's maybe another little dynamic, where some of the stores, maybe they're getting a little more aggressive at shutting down poor performing stores. So I don't know whether the net will be 800 but we're still on track for 800 new stores to open. That will give us up, I think, 6,200 outlets in China by the end of this year. 
Paul W. Jones: I think the government hasn't done a stimulus yet. If they do, we don't know what that will be. Our product is doing okay. I mean, we're not down 20%, 30%, like some of the numbers you're reading about on the electronic side and everything else. So we'll just wait and see what happens. And obviously, we track it on a daily basis. 
Paul W. Jones: Yes, we don't know yet. It's still being talked about and when we find out, we'll let you know. But we don't know. 
Paul W. Jones: Well, I guess, the only way to say it is there's a lot of moving parts. There was a pretty significant pre-buy, which means our customers have more inventory than they would normally have. We're going into the third quarter, which is traditionally our weakest quarter for our residential water heater sales and commercial water heater sales. It's just a lot of things moving. The margins ought to be up because of the price increase, although our costs have been going up, too. And it's not just steel, we're talking about a lot of costs relative to health care and regulatory. I could go on and on. Gasoline spikes. We get fuel surcharges. We try to factor all that in, Mike, and try to come up with what our best estimate of what's going to happen for the second half of the year. 
Paul W. Jones: Historically, it's been 4 or 5 weeks but that's when we had 3% or 4% price increases. This price increase was upper single digits. So I know some of our wholesalers have a couple of months of inventory. Some of them maybe don't have the liquidity and didn't want to do it. If they're good credit, it's worth their while to put a couple of months of inventory in, in order to get product that they can essentially add 8 points of margin to because of the price increase, selling it 2 months later. That's the math they go through when they make those decisions. 
Paul W. Jones: Well, I don't think I'd be disappointed because if we don't, it would be because we couldn't find the right shareholder returns in the deals that we're working on. If we find the right shareholder returns, we're going to do it. And as always, Scott, we just can't predict when we might have an announcement coming out. So I'm always optimistic and always want to make things happen as quickly as we can. But we're going to be disciplined about it. And we'll just see. It takes somebody willing to sell at a reasonable price. You've heard me say it before: you're not going to be reading about a 15x multiple attached to an A. O. Smith acquisition. So time will tell. Just sit back and watch and give us a grade when we do it. 
Paul W. Jones: No, that's just a sign of us doing what we said we were going to do. We've always said that 20% to 30% of our profits would be dividended out and we want our yield to be between 1.5% and 2% and we had fallen below both of those because the company's performance had been strong. So we just brought them in line. I mean, this dividend is $7 million of additional cash this year. And as John went through the cash story a while ago, our cash situation is very strong, and it's going to continue to strengthen and we just think it's appropriate to reward the owners of the corporation when that happens. 
Paul W. Jones: That's in the plans. Just remember, we only opened the plant 2 years ago. So we're just started in India and we're now exporting water filtration there. We will be making it in country next year. And it's natural. Same thing we did in China. We went to China with residential product and established a very good beachhead there with residential before we put a commercial line in. And we'll be doing the same thing, similar to that in India. 
Paul W. Jones: There isn't much gas there but they do have an aggressive program to expand gas distribution, just like China has. And China has been doing it and we expect India will do it. 
Paul W. Jones: Lochinvar is gas. Lochinvar currently sells very little product into Asia and we have a program to increase that piece of their sales rather significantly over the next several years. 
Paul W. Jones: Two things. One is we could be profitable now except we're establishing the brand. We're running thousands of ads, print, broadcast, et cetera, to get the brand recognition out there. The rupee devaluation has cost us $6 million. If that hadn't happened, we would be in a much better position. So there's a lot of things -- we expect it will cost us $6 million by the time the year is out. So we're not disappointed in India at all. It took us 7 years to get to profitability in China. We could be there now. We're quite confident we will be within the next few months, be it the break even and then beyond. 
Paul W. Jones: The answer is yes. The last acquisition we did, Lochinvar, has margins actually higher than China. But I think we're looking for emerging markets. We'd like to see GDP growth rates above 5% in some of these markets as being a place where we can not only come in with a returns to shareholders in a reasonable period of time but also some growth. 
Paul W. Jones: Yes, that is one of the things that is on our target list. I can't comment on whether anything is close or not and what the margins are. But that is something that we would consider if we could find an opportunity out there. And if it's got margins in the midteens, then that would be an attractive one that we would pursue. 
Paul W. Jones: Well, internally, as we talk about it, right now we're looking at housing starts of around 700,000. That is well below what is necessary to be sustainable in this country. We use numbers between 1.2 million to 1.5 million housing starts. So when we get back to that level, then that would be an area that we would consider normal. And as Ajita mentioned earlier, there is a discretionary piece that we would expect to pick up as the economy turns around, too, and that could be several hundred thousand units a year. I call it the teenager effect, it's where people who have teenagers and they're tired of taking cold showers because their kids take long, hot showers. Those things can happen. The only comment I'll make, I'm not trying to predict when that's going to happen because I frankly don't know. There's so much uncertainty right now, I don't think anybody can predict. But when it happens, we are well-positioned. We have the capacity. Our fixed costs are not going to go up. Our contribution margins are going to essentially fall straight through and we're certainly looking forward to those days. 
Paul W. Jones: Only from the things you're seeing. When you talk about housing starts, remember what drives our business is housing completions because the water heater is one of the last things installed. We're seeing the same things you are. We see some decent -- better than we've seen. I think it's still -- I'm still shocked that housing starts are under 1 million. But the fact is they are and we have adjusted our business and are slowly expanding our margins even with the lower volumes. But anytime there's good news on the housing starts front, we know that a few months from now, we're going to see a benefit from it. 
Paul W. Jones: It's largely new stores opening. It's hard for us to say what percent of it is what. But the biggest piece of the growth is new store openings -- right now, because the economy has slowed in China. 
Paul W. Jones: Yes, it is. It's still losing money at the operating margin line but we're still committed to it and remain convinced of the strategy. The A. O. Smith-branded product, it continues to do better than we thought it would and we're just moving forward. But when the year's over, it will still have a negative margin for this year but we're excited about it for the long term. 
Paul W. Jones: That's the rupee devaluation, but obviously, when we translate earnings, it will hit there. India's going to be near break-even this year, maybe a slight loss. It's not something that -- we're still committed to it, we're doing the factory expansion. We're bringing new products to market and we're very excited about what's going on there. 
John J. Kita: Well, I think that it was bigger than the fourth quarter this year. It is a component of the $15 million, but residential also had a very strong June and a strong May. And we believe it was a price increase on both of those that drove that component. But we were surprised on how large commercial was because we were expecting it to be down because of the pre-buy. And when we look at our numbers for the year, they're pretty close to flat year-over-year. 
John J. Kita: In July, orders are down. And they're down compared to last year. And again, we would have expected that because of the pre-buy that occurred. 
John J. Kita: We did see in the second quarter Tier 2 steady year-over-year slowing down and pretty close to flat. So a decent portion of the growth is coming from our new distribution outlets, which we've been talking about, adding 800 a year per se. 
John J. Kita: That 800 is coming from a different -- a variety of sources. We were expecting Suning to open about 200, Gome to open about 200. We would add specialty stores of about 200 and then our other retail customers adding 200. So it's a fairly diversified growth in outlets that we're expecting. 
John J. Kita: Well, you're right, last year's third quarter was weak. But because of the pre-buy, right now we're thinking the third quarter volumes will be similar to maybe even down a little bit compared to last year's third quarter. And that's driven specifically by that pre-buy that happened in the second quarter. And when you get to the fourth quarter, certainly we expect commercial to be down compared to last year because of that pre-buy that happened and fourth quarter volumes, on the residential side, again we would say it would be flat to maybe up a little bit. But that's hard to call in the fourth quarter. So that's kind of what we're seeing right now. 
John J. Kita: The other thing that's important to remember, I think we've talked about it, is sales in India are last-half driven. So 70% to 80% of their sales are in the last half of the year. And I think we've talked about bringing product in from China, and also good, better, best strategy. So our engineering costs in the second quarter are quite a bit higher than last year. So some of those costs aren't being helped [ because ] sales are not that high and we expect them to not be high in the first half of the year. 
John J. Kita: Well, much of the increase year-over-year is Lochinvar, which we didn't have last year. And then China, we've talked about China, their incremental SG&A in order to maintain the market share they're committing a fair amount to advertising. So they have -- much of their SG&A, I'd say, is more variable. So that's primarily the increase. Certainly, there has been some here in North America because of the larger volumes that we saw and when those volumes go down, there would be some reduction in that. But primarily, the increase year-over-year is Lochinvar and China. 
John J. Kita: I don't have that right here, David. I mean, first quarter SG&A was actually about the same, right? A little bit less? And sales were a little bit up. So I mean, there's not a huge amount of difference. Lochinvar SG&A is fairly similar to the first quarter, up a little bit. And I think China SG&A also is fairly similar to up a little bit. And those are the 2 biggest buckets. The pension is constant quarter-to-quarter so that really didn't have an effect. 
John J. Kita: Well, I think, year-to-date our SG&A percent is about 22.5, I think, when you do the math. And I think we're expecting to be at that run rate for the end of the year, pretty close to that. And again, as we talked about, we're not leveraging the SG&A as much because of our commitment in China -- the investment we continue to make to maintain the brand, et cetera. And as Paul and Ajita have said, we could certainly leverage that if we wanted to but it would be at the risk of losing market share and brand. And we're not willing to do that at this point in time. 
John J. Kita: No, it's England. It's U.K. Fall operation in the U.K. which annualized sales of about $8 million to $10 million. That's the difference. 
John J. Kita: Really, the only number that we've kind of said publicly is that we expect them by the end of the year, year-over-year to be at 10-plus percent. And that's really the number we've talked about. 
John J. Kita: I don't have those numbers mainly because you got a fair amount of noise in there. You have so much amortization of customer lists but we've also experienced the synergies. But my guess would be the margins are as good or better. And much better when you take out the customer lists and that sort of noise that's in there from an accounting standpoint. 
John J. Kita: We really haven't spoken about that. I think their margins are 20% and we certainly think it would be a nice increase over that 20%, driven by their incremental volume, assuming that we have every expectation that will take place. 
John J. Kita: Their sales and earnings performance is better than what it was last year. So it's improving but as Paul said, it will still be a drag this year. 
John J. Kita: That's a rupee devaluation estimate for 2012. It is top line and we have talked about having sales in the $30 million range, a little over $30 million in India. But due to the devaluation, we would now be talking closer to probably $25 million. So that's the $5 million, $6 million top line that we're talking about and that's primarily second half of the year affected. 
John J. Kita: Well, they certainly have margins in the 20, 25, at least percent. So I mean, that would be kind of the portion that would drop to the bottom line. 
Ajita Rajendra: Mike (sic) [Matt] this is Ajita Rajendra. I think it's a combination of both. We see that the sell-through has come down. But what we saw, when you look at the first half, but the second quarter was actually a little better sell-through in China than the first quarter. So even though -- so we're getting mixed signals coming out of China. Everyone expects things to slow down but the second quarter was, the sell-through was a little better than the first quarter. But overall, I think people feel that the government is going to act quickly to turn things around and over the next few months, things will turn around in China. 
Ajita Rajendra: This is Ajita. Not really. Right now, the retail channel is running a little slower than the wholesale channel. But overall, the mix is staying about the same. 
Ajita Rajendra: A couple of things, Scott. You're right. The replacement market, the products are lasting a little longer. So that's impacting the replacement market. But the other phenomenon that we saw during this turndown is that there is a discretionary component of that replacement market, where people replace their water heaters because they're looking for more hot water even though it's not broken or unusable. And so we saw the recession impact of that portion of the replacement market also. So when things come back, we expect both those markets to come back in a more robust manner and get back to what we would call normal levels of replacement. As for the timing, it's very hard to tell. I predicted it a few times and it hasn't happened. So it's hard to tell. 
Ajita Rajendra: Can I add just one more thing to that, too, is that the sell-through rate that we are seeing of our products selling through at retail is very high and on track. It's what we expected. 
Ajita Rajendra: No. Sam, this is Ajita. No, it really hasn't changed. If anything has changed in that equation, it's that everyone is taking the opportunity to shut down the less productive stores or the unproductive stores at a little faster rate. So the net increase is maybe a little smaller but it's going to be a more productive group of stores. And we see that as a positive sign. 
