Paul Jones: Thank you, Pat, and Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. In the first quarter, we continued to see improvements in sales and earnings as a result of our acquisition strategy and global footprint. Here are a few highlights.  Our organic growth and acquisitions drove sales 12% higher to $469 million. Lochinvar added $49 million and sales of A. O. Smith-branded products in China grew 18%. Our earnings, excluding the favorable impact from the sale of our Regal Beloit shares, were 22% higher than last year at $0.66 per share. Lochinvar continued to contribute significantly and meet expectations. We sold all of our shares of Regal Beloit stock during the first quarter for $188 million or an average of $66.19 per share. This result was almost $13 million higher than the price which was set at the time the deal was struck. John will now describe our results in more detail. 
Paul Jones: Thanks, John. Given our strong performance in the first quarter but tempered by the pressure on the second quarter from the pre-buy in China and higher steel costs, we raised our expected 2012 earnings per share guidance to be between $2.75 a share to $2.90 per share. This range includes our recently-announced water heater price increase in the U.S. effective June 1. Our guidance also includes an incremental $0.40 to $0.50 per share from Lochinvar in addition to the $0.07 per share contributed by Lochinvar in 2011. Our guidance does not include the impact of future acquisitions and the gain related to the sale of the Regal Beloit shares.  Our outlook for 2012 includes the following assumptions. First, our sales growth of A. O. Smith-branded products in China is slowing, but we expect continued share gains, new products and the addition of over 600 new retail outlets will drive our growth by approximately 2x China's GDP growth rate in 2012. Second, we expect Lochinvar to continue to benefit from the transition from lower-efficiency, non-condensing boilers to higher-efficiency, condensing boilers. Lochinvar's condensing boilers continue to offer a compelling payback in the form of energy savings, and the company has built a reputation for innovation and product quality. As a result, we expect Lochinvar's growth rate in 2012 will be over 10%, well ahead of GDP growth in the U.S. I should remind everyone that Lochinvar does have some seasonality to its business related to the products it sells for hydronic heating. Lochinvar's second half of the year typically has higher sales and profits than the first. Third, we expect water heater volumes in the U.S. to remain at 2011 levels due to the stable replacement and non-discretionary nature of our products. Fourth, get your calendars out, we are planning an Analyst Day on September 26 in Nashville to showcase both our water heater plant and our new boiler plant. Watch for details from Pat, and we look forward to seeing you in September. This is an exciting and transformative time for our company, and the acquisition of Lochinvar represents a significant first step in building our global water platform. We have cash and borrowing capacity for additional acquisitions, and our pipeline of acquisitions supporting our stated growth strategy to expand our global footprint in water heating and water treatment solutions is very active. Our integration of Lochinvar is on track. We have the human capital, financial resources and strategic focus to continue to add companies to our global platform, which create shareholder value. And our business development teams are pursuing opportunities all over the world to do just that.  As has always been the case, all of our teams, regardless of focus area, are preparing recommendations for investment, which meet the following criteria. First, we expect each investment to bring value-creating opportunities. Second and third, the investment return must be in excess of our cost of capital at the latest by the end of the second or third calendar year and meet its risk-adjusted hurdle rate. Fourth, we are especially interested in opportunities which expand our existing operating margins and bring higher growth. Fifth, and a given, the investments must be accretive to earnings in the first year.  Finally, it's important to note that we have not set maximum or minimum transaction sizes or time frames, nor have we prioritized the 4 focus areas. We will consider acquisitions, joint ventures or other business relationships to maximize a given opportunity and maximize the returns available to our shareholders.  With that, we're now ready for your questions. We'll come back to the operator. 
Paul Jones: No. Not really, Mike. I mean, as we're looking at the whole year, I mean, the quarter obviously is part of the -- of what we look at. But there is a slowing. You've seen -- everybody has seen the data. The government wants 7.5% GDP growth, which isn't bad, because it's not 10%. And we're continuing to open outlets, so we're still going to keep growing. We're still saying 2x GDP, and there could be some upside to that. So second quarter is going to be an interesting one when it's over, but we obviously feel pretty good about the rest of the year. 
Paul Jones: Well, we've got to wait and see how it kind of goes. Sometimes price increases get announced and pulled back and sometimes they stick, and this one is effective June 1. There will probably be a little bit of volume come into May ahead of that. But it will still be within the quarter, and June will be weaker because of that. Typically, when our customers do a pre-buy ahead of a price increase, it's very rare they'll buy more in 3 or 4 weeks of additional product. So within the quarter, it will probably just be essentially a non-event. 
Paul Jones: So that's an area of focus for us. They already have a toehold in Europe, which is more of a boiler-oriented market than the U.S. But we have said before that China is a strategic opportunity for us, and we are developing plans and moving forward with that as we speak. I don't think it will have a big impact on this year, what we're going to be able to do in China with that product. But we were excited about what it can do for us long-term. 
Paul Jones: You're talking about the new plant that we -- that's coming up over there in China. It's primarily to -- we've expanded our product line considerably there already. The main thing we need right now is tankless capacity. Our tankless business has been growing dramatically from a 0 starting point to we're now the leading tankless supplier in China. But that -- we need capacity for that. We have a commercial line right now that's in the existing Nanjing facility. That's being modified. We have a -- we have a heat pump. We have a solar. We have gas. We have electric, tank and tankless. We're moving that along. We don't have -- we're moving all those things along as we go forward. And the new plant is going to have more square footage then we need day one, and we'll just add equipment as necessary. 
Paul Jones: Well, we have a service network throughout China right now that installs our product. This is not something that we own, but it's people that we essentially agree to work with to handle our product. But I don't think we're going to put in our own service network over there. 
Paul Jones: And if I could add a caution on inventory, it's a -- we're in a real short-cycle business. So from the time we complete a product until it get installed is not a lot of time. So that inventory buffer there is not very large and it may expand a little bit. But it goes back down pretty quickly. 
Paul Jones: Okay. India -- we're delighted with what's going on in India. That business could easily double this year over last year. When we first put that plant up, our internal plans were to expand it in 2014. We're now doing it this year. So we pulled those plans forward 2 years. So India is just doing great. We're spending a lot of money establishing the brand, taking the typical long-range approach. But India is going to be a contributor to the company this year and for many years to come, we believe. The Shanghai Water Treatment, last year was obviously a disruptive year. We unfortunately had to pick up and move in the first quarter of 2011 on very short notice in order to protect our employees. We did that, and we've been -- it's like a new plant startup with 750 people. And that plant is coming up.  Our revenues are growing. The one piece that's doing great is the A. O. Smith branded, that is off to a terrific start. We're doing better than we expected there. But we have lost some volume on the traditional brands, the legacy brands there that we acquired. And we're building that back up. I'm hesitant to tell you what we think it'll be this year. It won't be bad as last year. Probably won't get to profit -- to break even this year. But we certainly expect that to happen. We're still committed to the strategy, matter of fact, we're expanding the product line to other countries. So it's one that we still believe in and are going forward with. But it's still an area that's a slight drag on earnings for the short term. But we're excited about it for the long term. 
Paul Jones: So if you're talking about commercial, it's flat. There is some replacement. There's a little bit for energy efficiency that's happening. Last year, I said our commercial did just a little better than we thought it would. It's going to be around -- it's going to be flattish this year as we look at it right now. New construction -- again, new construction that we look at is light commercial and light industrial for our product lines. It's -- you can see the Architectural Billing Index. That's the leading indicator that we look at. It's coming up a little bit, but we're expecting it to be flat. 
Paul Jones: We're looking for growth, and we've said that all along. And the U.S. market -- I think the housing situation is getting back to 1 million housing starts, could be 2 or 3 years away if not longer. So we're looking for markets where we can create more shareholder value than we could in the U.S. Obviously, as far as residential and commercial water heaters, we're not going to be able to do anything like that in the U.S., whereas we can go to other countries and get involved in residential and commercial water heaters. But we can do product line extensions in the U.S. like we did at Lochinvar, where we moved into product lines we didn't have. So as far as the pipeline, we have a lot of companies that are on the list. We have -- it's frankly my primarily focus going forward. But the discipline is still there. We're not going to get deal fever because we've got cash in our pocket.  We're going to stick to a disciplined approach to make sure that when we do it, it meets the criteria that we've laid out, covering the cost to capital and meeting our internal rate of returns, as well as having a growth opportunity. There's a phrase I use all the time is, "Anybody can buy a company, but you make money for your shareholders with what you do with it afterwards." And in everything we're looking at, we have some downstream plans with those as to what we can do. When we find a good one that's actionable, we're going to go forward with it. But I can't give you any numbers or give you any indications, obviously, because of the legal restrictions. 
Paul Jones: So we had -- as I just mentioned, we did have some plans there relative to cost improvements on the purchasing side, and those are being executed very well. And as you noticed, this was a growing very profitable business when we acquired it. And with becoming part of A. O. Smith, we had some synergies that we started working on immediately, and you're just seeing a little bit of benefit from those. 
Paul Jones: Well, marginally. We have some other things we're working on. And we haven't even got into all the branded things that we can do and what we might be able to do internationally with their product line. So on an export basis, out of Southern [ph] Tennessee, but it's probably marginal at this point. But there's always a little bit more. 
Paul Jones: Well, the pull-forward is just for that Southern California air quality district. So we're not talking about a huge part of the country. And the pull-forward was several months, unlike my earlier comment. This is not a case of them buying an extra month's worth. They bought at least 6 months extra. So there were a lot of moving parts going into that. But 6 to 8 months worth of extra inventory pull-forward in a small part of the country did have an effect. 
Paul Jones: We're still going through that process. It's almost a wholesaler-by-wholesaler discussion. And I don't think there's anything that we can add to that. It's an opportunity, and it's one that's being pursued. But we don't want to kill the goose that laid the golden egg here. So we're not going to go off and do something silly on it. And I mentioned earlier about branding discussion, that's what I was talking about. Not only what brands go to what wholesalers, but what products are included in those brands is another opportunity. And those are being pursued. We don't really have anything yet at this point that we can talk about. 
Paul Jones: It's a guess at this point. But my gut -- I was just there last month. I don't think the government can hold the rate, the 7.5%, for very long. I think the GDP will probably start inching up in spite of the government's attempts to put the brakes on it. That's my guess, personal guess. We're conservative in our outlook, conservative in our forecast. Obviously, we're building a new plant over there, and we're keeping a lot of dry powder to respond in case the market takes off. 
Paul Jones: Well, we're not ready to say that at this point, but it's our objective obviously to keep that business growing as much as possible. We have a capacity there to expand, and we hope you can come see it in September, if not before. And we're going to -- the first opportunity -- the only opportunity we're really talking about is China because that's an obvious one, where they have very, very low sales of Lochinvar products so far. And we think there is possibly an opportunity there to sell more of their product and maybe take the growth rate up a little bit. But we're not ready to quantify that. 
Paul Jones: No. I think the margins were about the same over the year. I can't remember seeing anything of any significance. We got a little bit of a bump because of the cost improvement. 
Paul Jones: Q2 is usually the weakest quarter for what it's worth. So we're going into the heating season -- for the warm season, warm weather, so not many people buying boilers in the second quarter. 
Paul Jones: Yes, that's correct. The household formation is still occurring, and we're still benefiting from that. And that's why we keep saying we're going to be at 2x GDP. But yes, that is still occurring, and the sales expansion is contributing also. 
Paul Jones: It's probably millions of empty apartments over there, and I was there last month and had a lot of windshield time from Shanghai to both of our operations in Nanjing and everything. You just see -- you still see a lot of construction going up. You see a lot of apartments and see a lot of fancy new apartment buildings finished with -- and that are empty. And those were all opportunities for us. As prices have come down, it's a little bit of an incentive for people to go ahead and form the household earlier, and I think we're benefiting from that. And I think we will. But we haven't -- have no way of quantifying that. We have tried. I asked exactly the same question of our people over there as recently as Monday of this week. And essentially, we are getting a benefit of that right now, but it's hard to quantify. Is the dam going to break and us suddenly get a huge slug of business. We're not planning on it. But if it happens, we can handle it. 
Paul Jones: Okay. Well, operator, we're done. We appreciate everybody's interest. If you would give them the playback data, that would be great. And we'll be talking to everybody soon. 
John Kita: I think, Matt, what I would say is we've been talking about the Tier 1 cities kind of being level for quite some time, and that's still the case. We had been seeing the Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities approaching a 20% growth rate. I think it's what we talked about last year. And we've seen that kind of slow down to more like a 10%-type rate. So that's really what we're saying there. 
John Kita: I mean, I think we're comfortable with the inventory levels and our customers except for associated with the pre-buy that we just talked about. And so they've done that. As we've talked about quite a bit, we have better visibility as to inventory in China, quite frankly, than we do here. So we're comfortable with the inventory level. And the government started putting a squeeze on housing about a year ago. Our people said it was going to take 6 to 9 months to have an effect, and it is having an effect. The question is how long can they really put that squeeze on and I think they've even recently started loosening up a little bit so... 
John Kita: Scott, the real issue is March. Last year, there was a pre-buy. Last March was the largest month in a long time. And so we're projecting that March of this year could be down almost 20% year-over-year, and that's why we're saying that we believe the industry, because we are a big piece of it, is down in the first quarter. Even though the first -- January and February were both up about 6%. So it really is driven by the 875,000 units that were sold last year in the industry in March. 
John Kita: I think it's primarily a March issue. Again, it was just last year there was that significant pre-buy that we talked about. 
John Kita: Well, I think what we have said all along is that residential will be flattish to maybe up a little bit. And the real factor in that is that there's a long lead time between a housing start and when the water heater goes in. So we still think the replacement market is going to be what it's done for the last several years. We are not going to get help -- significant amount of help from new housing starts because we're late in the cycle. 
John Kita: Yes. What happened last year is we had a $2 million of an RBC loss. So that was the biggest factor compared to last year. So last year was really flat without that Regal Beloit collar loss of $2 million. So there's about a $2 million improvement over last year and a decent portion of that is the interest income. 
John Kita: That's really both A. O. Smith stores and some of the big guys, as they're moving into the Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. The majority of those are being added in those cities. 
John Kita: I think we said that the specialty stores will grow about 200 of the 600. I believe it's kind of the number, 200 to 300. So it's about 1/3 to 1/2 of the growth. 
John Kita: Well, let me try to answer it this way. We think that there's about an incremental $5 million more pre-buy this year than last year. It's what we've -- that's been able to tie [ph] that for me. 
John Kita: Well, offset somewhat by higher pension. Because, again, last year's corporate expense included $2 million associated with the Regal Beloit collar that we lost. So the real run rate number was 11.4 about, in the corporate expense line. Because we had a collar last year, we had the market-to-market. We marked it through that line. 
John Kita: The effective tax rate we look going forward should be about 30%. Obviously, the share sale had an effect on the first quarter, but we think effective going forward will be about 30%. 
John Kita: Well, we're thinking that's going to be fairly consistent with the first and second quarter, mainly because it's our belief they bought about 6 months of inventory. So it will weave into that 6 months when you compare it to the prior years. 
John Kita: Oh, this is obviously about gas. But as you said, March was a difficult comparison, and we think the industry was down quite a bit compared to last year's March. 
John Kita: Yes. I think we see the first, second quarter commercial being similar to the first quarter. That's our best guess. I mean, that's not a -- but it truly is a guess. And as Paul said, if you take away the pre-buy, we expect for the year, commercial is going to be flat. But the pre-buy, which we think is 6,000 units, we think commercial will be higher this year by close to 6,000 units. It would be our best guess, but it's truly is a guess. I'm sorry, this year will be lower by 6,000. But it's a best guess. 
John Kita: And we've talked about the demographics are certainly moving our way and that there's a big move into the upper middle class as they define it, as that's our sweet spot. 
John Kita: Yes. And I think that the synergies certainly were helpful in the first quarter, and we've talked about some other synergies that we put in place. So as Paul said, their margins were about 20%, and we would think that would grow a little bit as the year goes on. 
John Kita: No, it's 3 and 4. And we also did have some purchase accounting still lingering from the fourth quarter that we talked about also, which also affected margins. 
John Kita: And remember, the $0.40 to $0.50 is incremental over last year's $0.07. So we're really saying Lochinvar is going to add $0.47 to $0.57. 
John Kita: Well, not 2012, we won't have. Basically, 2013 such as going on halfway through the year and as Paul talked about, we're going to kind of sequence the things we absolutely need which are instantaneous. Solar and a waste facility, moving that in there. So we're not expecting 2013 to have a significant drag either. 
John Kita: Lochinvar is a big piece of it. That's $11 million to $12 million of the increase. And then China SG&A continues to grow, as we've talked about and the advertising sells the brand and the selling cost of their sales increase. So the increase is strictly China and Lochinvar. 
John Kita: No, I don't -- not that I'm aware of. I mean, I thought the rate was fairly similar for the fourth quarter. I guess, I'd have to look at what the fourth quarter rate is. 
John Kita: Pension is certainly adding something. There's no doubt about that, year-over-year. We can look at it and talk about it ... 
Scott Graham: So we on the outside have only this trade data to look at and when it comes to where your sales. You may refute it and that's fine, but that's what we have to go by. Over the last 5 months, North American water heater sales have risen each month, including January and February. So, I guess, I'm wondering, 1 or 2 quarters, I guess, could be refuted. But that type of a trend line would suggest that North American business should have been up since you're essentially half the market. Was it -- would you refute those data, again? Or would you say maybe March was weak? Or help me connect those dots if you could. 
Scott Graham: Got you, okay. One sort of housekeeping point for you, John. The -- when you remove the gain from the other income line, there's still I think about $3 million, $4 million of income left, unless some tax is acting out [ph] wrong, but I don't think that's the case. 
Scott Graham: Yes. Well, no. In the quarter, there was other income switched -- other income expense swung to income. I was wondering what was in there. 
Scott Graham: Got you, okay. I guess the last question would be maybe if you could just give us an update on what you're seeing out there in the pipeline. And I know that you're kind of chomping at the bit to do something else, but only if it makes sense. And just -- we haven't heard from you in 7 months on this. 7 months ago you had a good one. I'm just kind of wondering what you're seeing out there. And as an addition to that, I would say your decision to split your business, your segment reporting, North America to Rest of World, signals to me at least that it's going to that -- the acquisition focus will be Rest of World. Is that a fair statement? And maybe give us any type of update on the pipeline that you can. 
Scott Graham: Right. But it was still on a percent of sales basis with Lochinvar and China still being active. The last couple of quarters, of course, you're still down in those quarters, but up in this quarter. Was there anything at A. O. Smith North America? Is that... 
