Ajita G. Rajendra: Thank you, Pat, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. 2016 was another excellent year for A. O. Smith, setting records for sales and earnings. We continue to see healthy end markets for our consumer products in China and for boilers and commercial water heaters in the U.S. Here are a few highlights. Sales grew 6% to a record of $2.7 billion. Excluding the impact from the strengthening U.S. dollar against the Chinese currency, our sales grew 8% in 2016. China sales are up 19% in local currency. Among several revenue growth drivers, A. O. Smith branded water treatment sales grew over 40% in local currency. Our e-commerce sales in China reached nearly $200 million. Net earnings of $1.85 per share was 17% higher than our earnings per share in 2015. We welcomed the Aquasana team to A. O. Smith through our acquisition of the U.S.-based water treatment company in early August. A. O. Smith global sales of water treatment product totaled $194 million in 2016. We continue to review our capital allocation and dedicate a portion of our cash to return to shareholders. During 2016, we repurchased approximately 3.3 million shares for $135 million. We announced a 17% increase to our dividend last month. The five-year compound annual growth rate of our dividend is over 25%. We announced a 2-for-1 stock split which became effective on October 6. John will now describe our results in more detail, beginning with slide number four.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Thank you, John. We project revenue growth to be between 9.5% and 11% in local currency terms in 2017 and 8% to 9.5% in U.S. dollar terms. We expect Aquasana sales to be almost $60 million this year, an incremental $40 million in sales over last year and slightly accretive to earnings. With a full year of Aquasana sales as part of A. O. Smith, we expect our global water treatment product sales to be nearly $300 million in 2017. We predict the Chinese currency will remain at current levels against the U.S. dollar, resulting in a 5% or $40 million sales headwind compared with the average rate in 2016. We expect steel prices to continue to be volatile and decline slightly from current prices. This assumption is significantly higher than the average price in 2016 and results in the most difficult comparisons for the year in the first and second quarters. Specific to our North America segment, we project U.S. residential water heater volumes will increase approximately 200,000 units in 2017 due to new construction and expansion of replacement demand. We project U.S. commercial volumes will be up modestly with little growth in small electric units after the category grew significantly in 2016. Fourth quarter 2016 sales of U.S. commercial boilers were strong, up double-digits due to the introduction of new Lochinvar products and the continued transition to higher efficiency boilers. We expect the total portfolio of Lochinvar branded products to grow over 8% in 2017 which includes slower growing Lochinvar branded water heaters. These factors lead us to expect our North America segment operating margin to be between 21.5% and 22.25%, despite the headwind from lower Aquasana EBIT margin of almost 50 basis points. Specific to our rest of world segment. We are a consumer products company in China which distinguishes us from most industrial companies operating in China. We grew 19% in local currency last year after growing approximately 17% in each of the last two years. With several growth drivers underpinning our China business, we are confident to project an annual growth rate of 15% in local currency in 2017. These drivers include overall water heater market growth driven by household formation and an emerging replacement market, geographic expansion, market share gains, continued strong growth of water treatment products, and air purification product growth. With benefits from China growth, smaller losses expected in India and our air purification products approaching breakeven, we project rest of world segment operating margin to be at least 14% in 2017. Please advance now to slide 14. Our total company organic growth model continues to assume 8% growth for the foreseeable future. Especially in these volatile and uncertain economic times, we believe our organic growth potential and our stable, defensive replacement market, which we believe represent approximately 85% of North America water heater and boiler volume, positively differentiates AOS among other industrial companies. Coupled with growth and stability, we have a strong balance sheet poised to take advantage of strategic acquisitions that add to shareholder value as well as allow us to return cash to shareholders. This concludes our prepared remarks and now we are available for your questions.
Ajita G. Rajendra: And just to reinforce that, I think the key is – because you're right that we do have a lot of revenue exposure there which we like. The growth has been fantastic and we have very strong fundamentals in China with a strong brand and strong distribution, a great team. At the same time, we do worry about it, nothing new now on an ongoing basis. And that's why we have, in fact, not just for the three of us and our team to be looking at it, but we hire outside experts to give us advice in terms of what's happening. And we've talked about it before. We have the Eurasia Group on retainer and we work with them in terms of understanding the risk out there. They're experts at this. And we've consulted with them. And we are very comfortable in terms of where we are and from a risk perspective and even in these economic times. And as John said, at the end of the day, the two economies are very intertwined and we feel that cooler heads will prevail as time goes on if there is anything.
Ajita G. Rajendra: And this is – Bhupender, this is very consistent with what we've said in the past, so it's not any change. It's that 2017 is going to be a year where we really stabilize the system, really get to understanding how we use it. And then 2018 is when we really start – and setting plans to reap benefits. And 2018 is when we really think that's going to begin and 2018 into 2019 onward which, again, from talking to other people who put in systems like SAP, pretty consistent.
Ajita G. Rajendra: And I think the individual pieces of the model, long-term, we're very comfortable. Short-term, they're going to vary. But overall, we are very comfortable with the average.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Yeah. And just to reinforce, QAD is a very good system and is working extremely well for us. And also, what we – we did do some – maybe this is more detail than you want. But we did do some customization with QAD so that it handles not only the manufacturing, but also giving us really good data on the retail side of the business which, as you know, is growing very well. So that's working really well for us. And we don't think that putting SAP in there today is the right thing from a long-term – from a consolidation perspective because it's working for us.
Ajita G. Rajendra: No. There's no signal at all, no change in strategy. The market out there is active and we are looking with a wide net as we have talked in the past.
Ajita G. Rajendra: I'll give it a shot. In terms of – a lot of the rally has been around infrastructure related types of stocks that have really done very well. But I can't judge what's happening in the market. But from our perspective, like we said before, we are pretty much vertically integrated in China. We export a little bit from here to China, glass and a few components, very little. And we hardly – I don't think we export anything from China -- we export very little, very little from China to the US. So we are pretty much self-contained in China. So that's number one. And then also at the end of the day, the two economies are very intertwined. And what the experts are telling us, okay, because this is not something that Pat and John and I sit around the table and say here's what we think will happen because we are certainly not the experts. But what the experts are telling us is that as you look at all the pluses and minuses, that if there is anything, it'll be short-lived and is going to be impact more the cross-border type traffic and is not going to impact the companies that are self-contained in either place, okay. And we are comfortable with that. We don't see any evidence of anything happening. And so, from a risk perspective, we are comfortable in terms of where we are.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Yeah, but – so let me address that. There are two issues, okay. One is in terms of renegotiating trade agreements which is what will impact the cross-border type traffic, of which, we have virtually none, okay. So that's one. The second is the secondary impact of what that would do in terms of the relationship and impact on U.S. brands in China. I think that's what you're saying, okay. In terms of the latter, like we said, we – from talking to the expert, we aren't concerned. And also, if you go back and look at what's been happening historically in China, not with the U.S., but very, very similar circumstances with a country that there's been constant ups and downs, and that's Japan. Japanese brands continue to do very well in China. We compete with Japanese brands in China as you know. And when these issues flare up, and with Japan it flares up at least once a year, okay, with the visit to the shrine that happens in Japan every year, things flare up for a short while and then it goes back down. This is in terms of the rhetoric and all the newspapers and all the rest of it. We see no impact in the marketplace and it's business as usual. So we put it all together and we say the best we know and the best we are hearing from the experts, we are not concerned.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Yeah, we've seen – but in the two areas, first of all, our lead times are coming down because – there were – John said, he used the word two one-time issues, okay, which are there, which explain about half and half, which explains the gap. So our lead times are coming down. Is it down to where I want it to be right now? No, but it's coming down very nicely. That's number one. And number two, we see our customer building back inventories and the order rate is up. So we are comfortable as to where we are.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Right, , yeah, we haven't lost any customers. The lead time being down, but not a loss of customer. That's a good important point.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Our strategy has not changed, no. And also in terms of – there's a lot of speculation in terms of what's going to happen. We don't know what's going to happen. When things do happen, if that's going to impact our strategy or open up more opportunities because of repatriation, et cetera, then we – or differences in the tax impact, then that would certainly go into impacting our strategy and tweaking our strategy or changing our strategy. But right now, we are very consistent with our strategy in terms of where the opportunities are and where we want to grow.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Yeah. So, just to add a little more to what John said, we've always said when we get into a new business segment, okay, obviously, there's going to be an initial investment in terms of getting into the segment. We're going to lose money for a while until we build up the scale. But also, remember, we are a consumer products business in China. So, in addition to building up scale like we would do with a normal manufacturing business, we're also investing in the brand and investing behind making sure the consumer knows that the A. O. Smith brand is in that category. And what our features and benefits are, I mean, typical marketing, okay. So it's that combination that makes that investment period and getting us to breakeven longer than a typical industrial type business, okay. But at the same time, whenever we get into a category, we make sure that our gross margins are high and that we have a plan and a can-see path to get us to the right level of profitability. And we make sure that the teams are working towards getting up there. So we are along that path. And as the volume grows, the scale grows and the contribution grows, and also we can appropriately scale our investment behind the brand in that category to make sure that we are reaching our profit targets at the right pace. So it's all of that. I know that's a mouthful, but that's all of that that's impacting us. And it's on track in terms of us getting the water treatment profitability to the levels we want them to be at.
Ajita G. Rajendra: Yeah, and we have some – we have some Canadian competitors in the U.S. market too. But they are seeing the advantage today. And we're not concerned about it.
Ajita G. Rajendra: No. As you know, we can't speculate on price. And we talk about price only once something happens in the marketplace.
Ajita G. Rajendra: And also, Bhupender, I think the overall question, if I can take a step back on your question, in terms of – and not to put words in your mouth, but how that Aquasana are doing. I think from our perspective, it's right on track. Strategically, we are absolutely convinced this is the right thing to do which is why we did the acquisition. And from a synergy perspective, one of the things we didn't talk about are the cost side of the synergies. It's going well. In fact, if anything, even a little better.
John J. Kita: Well, so I can tell you it began in 2015 cold rolled steel was about $535 a ton or $550 a ton, I think. So we're now at $830 a ton. And so the first two quarters are certainly as we talked about on the call, are going to have negative steel costs compared to the prior year. And as you move to the end of the year, you'll be more equal to what we were paying in late 2016. It's, obviously, been extremely volatile. We have – we talked to many experts. I think their forecast is for it to go down from here, but there's a lot of variables. Capacity is at 70%, but cold rolled is higher than that. Some of the input costs have been coming down, but then you have some of the potential tariffs and duties that could take it the other way. But clearly, steel will be a negative comparison first half of the year of 2017 compared to 2016.
John J. Kita: So I'll take a shot at it, and then Ajita can add. The China entity is basically vertically integrated and sources and sells everything in China. From the U.S., we import very little from China. So, from that standpoint, we shouldn't have too much impact. And the other thing is both countries' trade is very intertwined. And our assumption is that ultimately it gets resolved reasonably. But with respect to China imports or exports, we really don't have much of either way going on.
John J. Kita: Well, you're right. The industry was up the first two months of the year, probably about 80,000 units. We were during that same time period down about 20,000 units and there was really two reasons for that. One is SAP went in at our wholesale plant, and our lead times extended a little bit there. So we didn't pick up as much on the wholesale side as we should have. And then number two, our largest retail customer dropped their inventory from September to December to more normal levels, consistent with where they were at the end of last year. And so we didn't participate as much on the retail side either. But those were, in our mind, kind of two one-time events, if you will.
John J. Kita: What we're looking at in 2017 and we've done a lot of modeling, obviously, trying to forecast the industry. It's been difficult over the last three years. Our forecast base level kind of assumes that the industry is going to go up about 200,000 units, and that's 100,000 in completions and 100,000 in replacements. We think that's a reasonable assumption now that we think the inventory has kind of cleaned out of the system from all the activity that happened with NAECA between the combination of price increases and the elimination of some products. So that's our base assumption going forward.
John J. Kita: Yeah, I think what we have is a little bit of pricing carryover from 2016. So, on the high end, that certainly helps us. If the industry is a little bit higher than we expected, that gets us to the high end. To get to the low end, if the industry doesn't do as well as what we expect. So that's kind of the bridge. You're correct that essentially Aquasana and what we're assuming for currency effect on China in 2017 pretty much offset each other.
John J. Kita: Sure. Well, as I had spoken, I said our starting point was 21.5% to 22%, and we hadn't done our estimate. I think on the high end, if volumes come in at the 200,000 to 300,000 range, those come in at a very attractive incremental margin. If steel does recede more than kind of a little bit, that would obviously help our margins. So it's a combination of those things. I think the high and low end of the margins will be driven primarily by the volumes in North America residential and commercial. I mean I think we're pretty comfortable on the Lochinvar of 8% to 10%. And then where steel goes, plus or minus.
John J. Kita: No, I would tell you that the savings that I think we talked about on the last call that we would expect to start generating savings in 2018 were not completely installed yet. We'll finish that in North America this year. We'll make some improvements to the system. And then I think our focus will be on things like shared services, looking at our supply chain and the benefits we can get from consolidated spend and some of those things. So we would start seeing that, we think, in the 2018 range. I mean, one of the benefits to margin is we've said we spent about $25 million in 2016, and we're forecasting $17.5 million in 2017. So that does help the margins out.
John J. Kita: Yeah, when we look at the model compared to 2016, phase water heater, which is about 70% of the business, grew at 6% or 7%. Okay. So a little bit more than – contributed a little bit more growth than what we expected. Pricing was 4% to 5%. Pricing, market share was 4% to 5% as we expected. And then, obviously, the ancillary product lines added about 8%. So that's kind of the math on how you get to the 19%, if you will. And obviously, two prior years, we averaged about 17%. So, from a growth standpoint, 2016 was a very good year. Now, when we look into 2017, we're pretty much following our model, saying that we expect to get 5% from our legacy businesses, i.e., our electric and instantaneous gas. We expect to get 5% from either pricing, market share. And then we expect to get 5% from continued growth in water treatment, air purification, et cetera. So the model is tracking very well for what we thought, a little bit better the last couple years. And we're comfortable with the 15% growth.
John J. Kita: Sure. So, as I said, we're about $17.5 million next year – I'm sorry, this year, 2017. We would expect a run rate is probably about $15 million. And the pieces of that are the amortization of what we capitalized is almost $6 million. So that's going on for the next 10 years or so. Then you have the services, the external services, the hosting services, the SAP support services which are $3 million to $4 million. And then you have the license fees that you pay these guys going on, whether it's SAP, whether it's SuccessFactors. So I think we think $15 million is probably a reasonable number. And then you have the COE which is people that are supporting the system, et cetera. So we're saying $15 million is a reasonable number. Now Ajita and I have had a lot of discussions on taking it internationally. And we're not saying we're not going to at some point. But right now, China, when we sold EPC in 2011, we put QAD, a very good system, into China. And it can handle their growth for quite some time. India, we think SAP at this time would be overkill for them. So we'll continue to evaluate. And again, our focus is, starting towards 2018, is starting to get savings in North America from the system. And that's where we're focusing on.
John J. Kita: Well, the first one, so I think we said that currency affected 2016 by about $50 million. And that was all China essentially.
John J. Kita: Well, I wouldn't expect much change from the prior year. And what we were trying to allude to is that the first quarter is always their weakest of the four quarters, just because of the 10- to 12-day China holiday. We did get some orders, but those came in late in the year versus – and last year, they would have came in early in the year. So that was part of the timing, et cetera. But what we're trying to get across is first quarter is clearly China's weakest quarter. But we would still expect to see nice year-over-year growth.
John J. Kita: Sure. So, in 2016, we lost almost $10 million. That was the high end of the range. And we would say that the fourth quarter was impacted by the demonetization, I think, the elimination of large bills which you probably read about. So that had a negative effect. So we lost – our loss was towards the high end of the range. Our forecast when we look into 2017 is that sales will grow, we think, over 30% and the losses will reduce to, let's say, around $8 million.
John J. Kita: Absolutely not, on the second one. No, no. The two reasons were we put SAP into our three major wholesale plants. Two of them are residential and our lead times extended a little bit associated with SAP. Number two is our largest retail customer from September 30 to December 31 adjusted their inventory levels down, putting them to more normal levels and very comparable to the prior year. So, no, it had nothing to do in our mind associated with price.
John J. Kita: It wasn't price increases. It was just kind of scale and much higher, so we're starting to get more contribution, et cetera. And they have very – their water treatment has very attractive gross margins.
John J. Kita: Well, the good news for us is it's very hard to ship in water heaters from the outside. So the stronger dollar we're not concerned about – that's going to make imports better positioned. So we're not concerned about what the effect is here. The stronger U.S. dollar could have an impact on the Canada market a little bit. I don't (01:00:08).
John J. Kita: Yeah, I think what we tried to say is that was $25 million in 2016, about $17.5 million in 2017. And we would say probably the run rate is $15 million going forward. And it's those components I talked about which is the amortization of what we capitalized, the outside services, the license fees, et cetera. So I think the run rate after this, our best guess is $15 million going forward.
John J. Kita: No, I think at this time, nothing's changed. We expect their core business to grow over 20% this year, and then we will start to see some of the synergies associated with the cross-selling this year. We said it would be back end loaded, but we would expect that to be in the area of $5 million of cross-selling this year with the ultimate objective after a three-year period to be in the 25% to 30%, I think is what we've talked about. So I'd say Aquasana is on track, no surprises. And we're not going to change our strategy until there's something firm out there on...
