Ajita Rajendra: Thank you, Pat and good morning ladies and gentlemen. Our first quarter results set quarterly records. We continued to see the benefits in our performance from an improving economy in the U.S. and I expanding consumer business in China. Here are a few highlights. Our organic growth in both of our segments drove sales 12% higher to a record $619 million. China sales were up 15%. Our net earnings of $0.65 per share were 30% higher than the adjusted earnings per share of $0.54 recorded in 2014 primarily due to higher sales. We continue to review our capital allocation and dedicate a portion to return to shareholders. We repurchased approximately 333,000 shares for $21 million during the first quarter. We increased our dividend by 27% in January. Both of these actions are consistent with our stated capital deployment strategy. Our transition to NAECA III compliant products is on track. This is a very complex project impacting approximately 80% of our residential water heaters. Our team has done a tremendous job of navigating through this very challenging activity. John will now describe our results in more detail.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, as we look you've probably seen the AHRI data for January and February it was very strong, we think that continued at least for us it did in March so our estimate is the industry was probably up 250,000 to 300,000 units from the prior year, our guess would be a majority of that was pre-buy associated.
Ajita Rajendra: I think orders are about where we expected. I mean as we said we expected to come down in the second quarter. So nothing surprising so far, but were only 20 days into the month.
Ajita Rajendra: Yes. I think that's reasonable. You've almost got a break it down into pieces if you look at the discontinued product, which was over 55 gallon and some of the other products there's a pretty significant inventory build we think in those products. And that's going to kind of spread out over the probably the next nine months. We are not I would say I don't think we’re uncomfortable with the level of the old product out there I think as we talked about we put people on allocation and so I think we're relatively comfortable I think with the inventory levels except again for that discontinued product which we expected to be up and that started the pre-buy in the fourth quarter and it certainly has continued in the first quarter of those products.
Ajita Rajendra: We haven't seen anything that we really talked about ourselves I don't think - there's expectations everybody had a long time to prepare for this.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, we did see the commercial industry was strong. It was up where guessing 6,000 to 7,000 units and part of that we think was some pre-buy associated with the price increase. The rest of it is when we talk to our commercial salesman, the commercial market has been very strong. I mean Lochinvar for example had a great quarter their commercial water heaters and commercial boilers were very strong. They had lower engineering costs so when we look at the margin improvement in North America a good portion of that is due to just Lochinvar commercial mix. So it was very good quarter. So we have not done a good job of forecasting commercial as you know, but there are some times that a strong will see how it continues and that's really what drove us to raise commercial.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, I mean the visibility we have is as I said the commercial continues to be very strong for them and it’s across the board and as you are aware we brought out some new products we extended the CREST product line we brought out new fire tube boiler for the 400 to 850 BTU area both those products have been well received and so we're optimistic and the capacity is for a good reason. I mean when they have been growing 10 plus percent we need to add capacity but also they built their business on innovation and we're adding several new labs et cetera. Engineering labs for them to continue that goal.
Ajita Rajendra: Well actually was pretty flat in the first quarter and the reason for that as you may recall last year while we talked about the first quarter, that parts business was up quite a bit because of the weather et cetera. So that part of the business has been kind of in that 12% to 13% and it continues grow with the company. So we are very pleased with that part of the business.
Ajita Rajendra: I think it’s very early in terms of air purifiers, but we see air purifier this is right on strategy from the point of you of leveraging infrastructure and brand in China and air purifiers along with water treatment products, residential water treatment products and residential air purifiers among the fastest growth categories of appliances - home appliances in China. So this is bright in line with our expansion and certainly what we see is that we will expanding that line as it goes. So we are very optimistic but it’s very early to tell we’ve just introduce the product.
Ajita Rajendra: But if you look at JVs we’ve done eight years ago approximately which was with Takagi for our Tankless water heaters in North America, which is going very well. But as we look at capital allocation strategy have not changed it all.
Ajita Rajendra: We talked about Scott at the last call I believe that we were very close to couple opportunities, acquisition opportunities in the fourth quarter and because of price primarily we didn’t end up do in the deal so we will continue we are certainly seeing competition more from strategic now that we have probably in the past and that’s primarily do in our mind to the fact that they are not growing organically and we are not going to chase pricing because we are growing organically.
Ajita Rajendra: Yes, I mean if you look back historically our first quarter normally have the little bit DSO. So when we look at DSO we are saying day sales and receivables plus days and inventory minus AP we are exactly where we were last year first quarter at about 37 days that’s up from the fourth quarter and traditionally is if you look at the pieces of it inventory we did built some finished goods inventory without a doubt so that was primarily North America. Receivables was kind of across the board when you look at the receivable belt from year-end it's a little deceiving because sales were up from November, December and the last two months of this quarter were up. So it really was reasonable that it's up. So nothing surprising whatsoever on the first quarter cash flow and we expect that we're staying with our same level for the year.
Ajita Rajendra: That's based on CMM data which is a marketing group in China 40% we certainly saw that last year and we expect to see that this year and their forecast is for the next four or five years that to grow 40% and that's driven primarily because the penetration rate of water treatment products in China is very low. Compared to other Asian countries and obviously we know that there is some water issues et cetera.
Ajita Rajendra: Yes, I think, first of all there's no - we don't have conversations frankly about retrenchment in India because like John said, we are looking at it long-term and really see the long-term potential in the country. I just in fact just got back earlier this week from a trip to India and the economy there is a lot of expectation and consumer confidence because of the new government. Although nothing has really happened yet, but from our perspective and looking at what we are doing in terms of building our brand and building our distribution points et cetera. You know things are going okay, given where we are in India. Obviously the economy were a little better last year actually the water heater market declined, housing starts have declined et cetera. But we expect that to come back because of fundamentals in India in terms of population and the drivers growing the middle class in India are pretty solid long-term we really have believe that this is a long-term tremendous opportunity and in fact in addition to water heating in this quarter, late in the quarter we introduced water treatment products also in India.
Ajita Rajendra: When I talked to our salesmen they would say yes, they are seeing compared to last year this time that there is more cranes, there is more building going on. I mean we had a strong commercial business because of the retrofit, because of the move to high efficiency, because of the move to building restaurants and small hotels, but I think you are starting to see more hospitals, education facilities et cetera. So I think we are cautiously optimistic that things are picking up.
Ajita Rajendra: So we've startled under $10 million in sales and the real key to remember on the air purification market is the highest sales level are in the third and fourth quarter primarily the fourth quarter, so that's still to come. When we look at the air purification market, our best estimate is about $2.5 billion last year and then if you look at our channel which is kind of retail stores and online, we're seeing it’s probably about half of that if you will is sold through that channel. And then this is where the guessing comes in. We are not going to play on the low-end. We are going to play on the high-end and our best guess is that's probably 40% to 50% of that number. So it's a long way to say and our best guess is probably $500 million maybe is the addressable market for us.
Ajita Rajendra: CMM I mean the good thing about the two areas we are in is those are the two fastest expected appliance growth markets for the next four to five years and both of them are kind of in that 40% range, so time will tell. Again part of the advantage why those are growing is the penetration rate is so low.
Ajita Rajendra: We will certainly have to do that because our brand the equity of our brand is built around new products and being first to market on capabilities within categories that we're in. So we've entered the market with the [ME2] product and we will have to engineer it and come up with a value proposition that is at least somewhat unique to the market and different. So yes, we will have to - we are investing in engineering and figuring out how we do that.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, I think probably the easiest way for me to answer that is kind of those buckets we’ve talked about and we’ve kind of laid it out that the first bucket is market growth and if you think of our water heater business right now it’s about 75% of our business over in China and CMM has estimated that’s going to grow at 7% and we think that’s reasonable going forward even as housing slows down we think replacement is increasing, we use to talk about 35% replacement above two to three years ago in Tier-1 cities we are now talking about 45% to 50% so that’s one bucket of approximately 5% and the other bucket is market share higher price as we bring out new products with values and features that consumer want has a higher price and then we grow our distribution. So where we hope to gain market share is in the water treatment and also in the instantaneous side of the market if you will, the gas instantaneous and then that third bucket is the ancillary product lines which is led by water treatment. So if those buckets that we have kind of stressed why we think we are different than other people who are in China.
Ajita Rajendra: Yes, and water treatment and now air purification which we hope will be another category that grows and also one more as we think of the long-term, the newer categories we are growing like water treatment and air purification has a replacement component that’s in a much shorter cycle than water heater, because not the whole thing but the filters. Okay now we haven’t seen the benefit of that yet, but we hope that benefit will also start growing as we go forward.
Ajita Rajendra: We can talk about our pricing increase, which we have but really can't comment on the competition or looking forward and anticipate things happening on pricing.
Ajita Rajendra: We took some in the first quarter some obsolescence as we evaluated the obsolescence and we talked about that, so we had some inefficiencies in the first quarter as well as obsolescence as we are running pilot runs and we had some weather et cetera. So we are not anticipated a significant amount of those issues at all in the second quarter, we hope that portion of it’s pretty much behind that.
Ajita Rajendra: Water treatment was up about $10 million in sales. It was up over 80%. It's a little deceiving because last year's first quarter was an easy comp, so we think that 40% going forward for the next three quarters is a reasonable number. So if you look at when we talk about water treatment was $18 million two years ago, $43 million I’m sorry three years ago, $43 million, $75 million last year our forecast is in the low $100 million this year, so the growth is what we expect.
Ajita Rajendra: I don’t know for the quarter, what we’ve talked about for the year last year that water treatment made about $2.5 million, we would think we would at least double that this year from a profitability standpoint.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, the boiler business from a commercial standpoint is across the country so I don't think we're necessarily seeing any geographic. But the growth in Lochinvar is not only commercial boilers, they had a very good first quarter in commercial water heaters and we would say that's 500,000 BTU to say 2 million BTU and so that market also grew very well, so they saw their commercial market grow very nicely. And I haven't heard of any specific geographic region from a residential clearly the Northeast is that, but I think commercial it’s pretty much across the country. And again as I said earlier, education, hospitals et cetera those areas are certainly growing.
Ajita Rajendra: I think the new products, we certainly feel the new products that have come out from Lochinvar have a clear advantage in the marketplace especially because they are fire-tube products as opposed to the water-tube products that are prevalent in the marketplace. So the new product the FTXL which we introduced early in the year and then subsequently the expansion of the Crestline, we feel have certainly are very attractive and been very well accepted in the marketplace and it’s early. We expect a lot of growth.
Ajita Rajendra: The price increase on the commercial and really varies by product et cetera in some product lines it low double-digits, but it really ranges byproduct so there's no one set amount.
Ajita Rajendra: We are manufacturing the water treatment products for India in India, so they are modified in the sense that the designs are different, China primarily they are hanging on the wall or under counter, India is primarily under counter top products. So the products are different, the technology is similar, but we are manufacturing for in India.
Ajita Rajendra: Absolutely and you know what we’re looking at is when we get to longer-term steady state, that is not going to be a deterioration of our margins in China. And we feel pretty comfortable about that right now. It's very early, but we feel pretty comfortable that this is a category we can achieve that in the long term.
John Kita: From an operational perspective I think we are right on track and where we expected to be at this point.
John Kita: Scott as we've talked about in the past and I think it's even become more complicated for us to try to measure that as we add stores and close stores. So our people over there are having some struggles calculating that. The bottom line is unit volume was up nicely. I could conjecture and say I think part of it is due to the new stores we’ve add it, but remember for the most part those are being added in Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities. And I think same stores were seeing nice improvements. So I think China had a very good first quarter up to 15% and water treatment continues to do very well.
John Kita: Scott as I have said in the past, we can’t really comment on prices we could prices up and will have to see what happens.
John Kita: I'll start and Ajita can finish. We really don't have a JV in the air purification you're right we looked for air purification acquisitions there have not come up with anything yet so the next step we took as we looked at companies that were there that had good product that didn't have what we have which is the brand and distribution so we under into buy/sell range but not really to JV buy/sell range with the manufacture will continue to look for opportunities because we certainly think our brand in our distribution, but we are also going to want to have best technology. So we will continue to do that. So I don’t think necessarily that JVs we are open to JV I mean it certainly something we are open to, but it’s not necessarily wave of the future for us.
John Kita: We are always looking. It's got to be strategic, okay so we continue to look like I said nothing has really changed. From a capital allocation strategy viewpoint. The fact that the euro is down makes potential acquisitions in Europe more attractive, but again it's got to meet our criteria.
John Kita: Well certainly absorption was very favorable in the first quarter because of the magnitude, and I can't give you a dollar number and what the effect will be in the second quarter, but certainly the run rates will be lower in the second order without a doubt and it will have an impact from and of absorption standpoint we were running full bar January, February, March without.
John Kita: The price was put out I think late last year for effective for April 1. And there's a whole variety of reasons that go into it. There had been continual increasing costs previous price increases have not necessarily held so it's been out in the marketplace for quite some time and known. So that's why we think there was some pre-build - pre-buy.
John Kita: Well, I mean we are comfortable with the two times GDP and you know we broken that model out to three buckets and one of the buckets is for example on water treatment and when it grew last year, it grew about $30 million and we had about $600 million of sales that was above 5%. And we think that the reasonable level going forward and that certainly been important when you look at how other companies are doing in China. There is a slowing down, but we've got that growth through those three different buckets that makes us comfortable at two times GDP.
John Kita: Well, I mean when we talk about the growth rate we're really talking about on an annual basis. On quarter-to-quarter we can have some build for various reasons, holidays coming up, customers wanting to get their VIP allowance for the quarter et cetera so that can be a variety of reasons on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but I think we look at it on an annual basis and say that we think that's a reasonable estimate.
John Kita: I am going to let Ajita answer that but I'll say the first point I was here will we started China in 1995 and it was a painful seven or eight years, okay, really painful. Pretty heavy losses, but we were committed to the country because we started long-term growth. So I mean that’s the history of China from 1995 to 2003 that's when we broke even. And then I’ll turn it over to Ajita.
John Kita: The only thing I’ll add Rob is neither one of us are obviously comfortable losing $7.5 million last year and what we talked about this year, so a similar amount now again we expect to see improvement in the water heater this year and we are making that investment in the water treatment which is making the loss for the whole India about the same, but it’s certainly not our intent to live with $7.5 million losses for a long period of time.
John Kita: I mean you've almost got a break it into the pieces and I think we talked about in the last call, if you think about water heating and that lost about $6.5 million last year we had about $15 million of sales, we expect those sales to move up about $5 million this year and that lost because of the higher sales and also more vertically integrating to go down a couple of million bucks. We look at a breakeven in the range of $30 million to $35 million or so for the water heater business. And we hope that certainly in the next two to three years.
John Kita: I think we’ve kind of set our margins would stay similar on the new products and so that how we are kind of looking at it if you will.
John Kita: No. But as we raised our guidance I think you can look at probably the North America being a little bit higher than that and that's really driven by the commercial side of the market. You know now that we've raised our commercial estimates and we're a big player there and then we look at Lochinvar, and Lochinvar’s a big player in the commercial and that's stronger. I think it's that combination that allows us to say we think we can get a little bit higher in North America and that's why we raised our guidance.
John Kita: No. I'm sorry. So last year we spent $14 million and it was lower in the first half, higher in the second half last year. This year were saying it's going to be about $20 million spread relatively equally over the year which means the first half is about $6 million more than the first half last year. And then pretty flat year-over-year for the second half.
John Kita: No. So David when you look at we have cash overseas, we have debt here of about $250 million I suppose $270 million at the end of the quarter that was almost all floating rate. And so what we said given the attractiveness of long-term rates and just hedging that position we decided to draw down $75 million of long-term debt and pay down some of the short-term debt and it was kind of 35% to 40% fixed to floating and again we've talked about the fact that from a stock buyback standpoint if we buy back $100 million this year, probably about half of that will come from debt because we're obviously generating money in China and offshore. So that was the logic stream for doing it we think we got a very attractive rate of 3.5% tenure money so we're pleased with it.
John Kita: Yes, and you’ll see the controls I think are there in your lowest controls we think are also have a big competitive advantage.
John Kita: Only from the standpoint, Charley, of the losses this year. Where we've said they could be up to $4 million. As we spend a lot of money on SG&A, but our philosophy, and I think you're aware of it but for the entire group, our philosophy is when we look at other alternatives. We're looking for product lines that have a premium product that can have relatively high gross margin. So that when we scale it up we can end up with the bottom line attractive margin. And we think air purification is one of those product lines. And certainly water treatment is.
