Kevin Wheeler: Thank you, Pat. Our global A.O. Smith team delivered first quarter EPS of $0.60 on a 21% increase in sales, demonstrating solid execution, despite pandemic and weather-related challenges in our supply chain and operations, along with rapidly rising material costs. I greatly appreciate the diligence of our team to keep each other healthy and safe. Outside of India, where COVID-19 cases have recently surged, I am pleased that we have experienced steady improvement in this area since the beginning of the year. North America water treatment grew 12%, driven by continued consumer demand for home improvement products, which provides safe drinking water in the home. The direct-to-consumer channel with our Aquasana brand and the dealer channel contributed to solid growth to start 2021. Boiler sales grew 12%, as we have seen strong demand, particularly within commercial boilers, as a result of completed projects carried over from 2020, as well as a resilient replacement demand. Our volumes of US tank residential water heaters declined in the first quarter, due to weather disruptions at our facility, supply chain constraints, which limited production. If not for limited production based on our surge in customer orders in the quarter, our US residential shipments would have increased compared with 2020. Strong orders in the quarter were largely due to extended lead times, our second price increase, which was effective April 1, and announced third price increase effective in June. Due to continued pandemic-related disruptions in restaurant and hospitality new construction and replacement demand, our commercial water heater volumes declined in the first quarter, largely in line with our expectations coming into the year. In China, sales increased over 100% in local currency, driven by higher consumer demand and the easy comparison compared with the pandemic disrupted first quarter of 2020. I will now turn the call over to Chuck, who will provide more details on our first quarter beginning on Slide 4.
Kevin Wheeler: Yeah. I think what Chuck outlined really well is that there's just a lot of noise in order entry now because of lead times, because again we're working on a third price increase. And so that just pulls orders forward. And so as we think about it, we'll work through those orders. There's certainly going to be some new construction activity, but just remember that we really come into play in completions, not starts. So right now we just think that the 200,000, retracement that we talked about is probably the best forecast we can have until we work through this backlog and get to the other side to really understand what was true demand versus just normal demand brought forward by pricing or extended lead time. So it's -- again you'll probably hear us say this a little bit, just a little too early to take these numbers considering there's so many variables, that we're going to have to work through. But we'll have a better clear picture probably end of second quarter, early third quarter.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, we actually believe there's been some destocking in the first quarter, just because of some of the constraints that we've had. But when you look at, any pre-buy we normally limit to a month of production. So there's always a pre-order, I would say that we're seeing. And that's part of our backlog. And our surge right now is that, you had April orders that were already put in by our customers in the first quarter. Then of course, you have June that just came up and people are getting in line and place the orders for that increase. So, there is always an order pull forward that we have to work through. And again, we'll work through that most of the second quarter and into the third quarter and hope to be -- have that part of it behind us, as we get through July and August.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, I'll tell you, just taking in general, we have some inflationary issues across the globe. And so -- and we don't get into all the specifics that we take pricing action. But we've taken pricing action in almost every one of our businesses, some are a bit different than others. China doesn't quite have the -- some of the inflationary pressures that we've seen here. India may be a bit different. Europe is a little bit different. But what we've done is, we've taken action to make sure that over time we're able to address these inflationary pressures that we're seeing today. And we believe we have a track record that's going to prove out that we can address these, given the appropriate amount of time.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. There's a lot of moving parts. You're exactly right. So let me just try to frame up high level how we think about it. And I've already kind of talked about when pricing would potentially be expected to come in. And when we look at our cost side, right? So if you think about our cost side and we've seen costs go up in multiple categories, freight, corrugated, our resins, our foam. There's a lot of categories that's going up. But when you think about our biggest category, which is steel, and we've talked a lot about steel pricing going up. It's coming in. We do have a benefit of a 90 to 120-day lag. So when we think about steel costs hitting us, progressively gets higher during the year. So year-over-year steel costs just -- we expect it to be on average up over 70%. But when you look at the quarter cadence, kind of back to your question, we get hit with the highest costs in the third and fourth quarter. So the most pressure on margins in North America will be in the back half of the year, as we feel the full impact of some of the higher price increases that we're seeing on cost side and see some of the pricing being more fully implemented in the fourth quarter.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes, I'll take the -- we're seeing -- well Q1 was a terrible comp, because it was just such a low point in time. But if you look at it going forward, sell-out has been robust. We're looking at a 6% to 7% sellout throughout the year. Very pleased that it's going across all of our core categories. So it's electric water heaters, gas tankless and water treatment. So that's moving in the right direction. And Chuck just mentioned, it's nice to see our mix leaning towards the premium sector. And we really saw that -- we always really had it on water treatment throughout the pandemic, but we really saw some nice movement up on our residential electric and gas tankless, I think, to some new products, particularly on the gas tankless which is a grade one product that has the lowest noise level, which is exceptionally important to the Chinese consumer. So overall the business is moving in the right direction. We think we're positioned very well over the next few quarters to move that business forward. From an inventory position, I'll let Chuck review that.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. I would just add on to that. Again things can change over the next six months to nine months. We've talked about it. We've been very active in the M&A side. We think there's some opportunities out there. And we're staying close to those opportunities. And again, it always takes two to close the deal, but we would prefer to deploy our capital in the M&A side and invest back in ourselves. And at the end, we'll take a look at it as we get through the balance of this year and we'll make a determination how best to move forward with our capital allocation.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. I guess I'll add-on on the organic growth. I mean, we're pleased with the growth we're seeing in North America water treatment growing at 12% to 13% for the rest of the year, that's an area of growth we like the trends that we're seeing in China growing at that 6% to 7% for the back three quarters of the year. So, a couple of areas of growth that we're optimistic about.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. And our teams are really focused on making sure that as we're going through these kind of challenging times when it comes to material shortages and so forth, that we're actually producing products for orders that customers actually need. And we're not just building inventory. So the positive side of this, I would like to leave with is that our customers do have stock they are taking care of their customers and we're working very closely to make sure that continues over the next quarter or so as we work through this backlog.
Kevin Wheeler: We're seeing and we mentioned in the remarks, we are seeing quoting activity remained fairly good. And again, it's similar to last quarter, we commented that the projects aren't maybe as large, but they're still active. So the combination of kind of the pent-up demand that we're filing today and a nice backlog that we have and then this quoting activity which could come in at the end of this year, but it will probably carry over to 2022. So it's been a -- on the commercial side of the business, the higher end the kind of the boiler [Indiscernible] side, it's bounced back a bit more than we anticipated.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, I mean, I would start out with the back half of the question. We're already investing capital. And it's part of our offering. I've mentioned many times, we're in the hot water business. And so we're fairly – what we're looking for is the best solution. And at times tankless is the best and other times the tank is. When you look at the business today, we talked a bit about Texas. So our tankless has been up a bit, and it's interesting because in Texas, it's a warmer climate and a lot of the tankless were installed outdoors. And that's fine we – because there's an electrical part [Indiscernible] freeze that prevent the unit from freezing. But we saw an uptick in Texas, because not only did we have cold weather, but we had no electricity as well. And so tankless for us was up in the quarter. And it was just driven by a one-time weather-related item that can happen. But overall, I mean, I don't want to leave - tankless is still part of our long-term strategy. It's part of our residential product offering. And just like any other products that we have heat pumps and regular electrics and so forth and so we're committed to it. And over time, we believe we'll continue to carve out the appropriate share in that product category.
Kevin Wheeler: Yeah. I would tell you from a – excluding the weather that, I mentioned that impacted our plans. I think we're coping very well with the supply chain and we're certainly getting our fair share of the raw materials and so forth. So overall, I think we're doing well. We have a terrific operations and supply chain group. And we have terrific suppliers that they're working through their own capacity constraints as they're ramping up or repairing some of the things that were impacted out of the Gulf region. So, I think we're doing well that's why as we get into Q2 and Q3, we get back to a normalized level. Our factories don't have a week out of production. So overall, and then, I would tell you from my perspective anytime you have any type of disruption, it's who executes the best. And there are some opportunities there. And those will have to play out over the next maybe Q1 and part of Q3.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. I mean it's still being formed of course. But we have taken a high-level look at that. We don't believe that that's going to impact us in a significant way. Clearly, if the corporate tax rate goes up from 21% to 28% or somewhere in between, that has a much larger impact.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, when there's uncertainty in tax rate and capital gains, I imagine that does get some private owners to think a little bit about when the right timing might be to exit. So, the mosaic of what's happening in M&A is kind of made up of multiple things and that certainly could be a driver.
Kevin Wheeler: Yes. I will take that. The vast majority -- there's not a quite frankly a lot of trading up within the US residential water heater business. And so, normally speaking that's just the way it is. And so, we don't see much changes. The only thing I would tell you that you might see during this time is on our heat pumps or our high-end products, if those might be impacted a bit, but it's relatively small impact to us when we go through these, kind of inflationary times. Because quite frankly yield, as you just said, when you're out of hot water, you're going to replace it and availability is the number one driver for a consumer.
Kevin Wheeler: Well, I mean we've announced three price increases. And each time we've announced the price increase, we've seen costs go up after that. So, we're -- it's hard to predict where costs will go. Our forecast for the year assumes the costs are kind of where they are right now, particularly on the steel side. So, we'll have to see how the year plays out. When we get to the fourth quarter, we think about kind of that price cost, I mean on our assumption and what we've announced and based on what our costs are projected out to be we get to the point where we're covering costs but we do expect some pressure on margin.
Kevin Wheeler: No. We did not mention either one. So no, we haven't mentioned either one and that data doesn't get public. Actually tankless data doesn't get published at all. And just not -- we haven't really addressed that from that specific product categories.
Chuck Lauber: Yes. This is Chuck. Good morning. We did have some interruptions. We've got two plants that were down Ashland City and Morez were down due to weather for approximately a week each. So that it does a couple of things, one, is it raises the orders that come in from a perspective of it, it creates a bit of a surge. And when lead times extend a bit due to a temporary interruption, we see more orders, which extend the lead times. So that quantification we do expect to make that up in the second and third quarters. We would expect that we would get a little bit more normalization of production throughout the second and third quarter and those orders would come in. Now to quantify the surge in orders it's a bit difficult. There's a lot of noise in the marketplace from the interruption I just described, as well as three price increases at once. So not all at once, but February, April, and June and that just creates a bit of noise. So as far as the effectuation of the pricing on those, we work to manage the orders that come through on a more normalized basis. But the extended lead times do push that realization on price out slightly. So an April 1st price increase, for example, is going to be extended a bit. But when we look at all of our pricing, we would expect that the full impact would be implemented when we get into the third quarter.
Chuck Lauber: I think it's still a little early. We would agree with you as COVID and vaccines become more prevalent and things start to open up that certainly is an opportunity going forward. It's probably a bit early here in April to change our outlook. We're still -- we still believe there's going to be a modest decline as we mentioned about 4%. But overall it's a possible upside, yes, but probably just a little too early to project that in late April.
Chuck Lauber: Yeah. I'll just add one comment. And when you take a step back and you look at last year, the industry was the highest level it's been since 2006. There's a lot of noise we believe, because of the pandemic, because of some supply chain constraints pushing lead times out. And we do expect, as we kind of go through the year, and particularly when we get into the third and fourth quarter that, the industry may be behind us that a bit and that may drive down a little bit of the demand as we get into the back half of the year, as inventories get a little more comfortable.
Chuck Lauber: Yeah. Well you're exactly right on kind of thinking about, when we look at the three price increases. And if you kind of look at what we've announced, we're in that 24% to 27% range. We think as far as you look at a blended by product category, when you look at the residential and commercial market. So they do come in, into really what's going to fall into what I would say, for sure, largest part of that would be expected to come in, in the fourth quarter. And we're going to see it feather in a bit in the third quarter. So you got to kind of think about the fact that it's not fully implemented probably or fully impacting us in Q3, it kind of feathers in, as we go throughout the year.
Chuck Lauber: And just to add on a comment on China and it's not directly related to pricing, but just mix. And we're pleased that we're kind of looking at it quarter-over-quarter where mix is neutral to positive. So not necessarily pricing, but our mix, we believe, has taken a point where, from here through the rest of the year we forecasted to be kind of a neutral positive, where we had some headwinds last year.
Chuck Lauber: Yes, the channel inventories are in great shape. Lowest point in five years. Very refreshed, I'll say so that it's all within 90 days basically. So it's in great shape in China from a channel inventory perspective.
Chuck Lauber: Yes. This is Chuck. No, we don't see the same incremental levels going into the back half of the year -- or back three quarters of the year in Q2. In China, we're kind of looking at incrementals in that 40% range. And then as you think about, kind of, how the year plays out in China we've got a special item that we had last year, which was social insurance which helped us for about $12 million last year which we won't see this year. And that --the cadence of that by quarter we got the most benefit last year in Q2 and Q3. So Q1 was very small last year. So that's a bit of a headwind as we go through the rest of the year in China. So, I mean, we're pleased with where the first quarter came out in China just under 6%. That was a pretty solid quarter for what is always a challenging seasonal quarter for us with the festivals and the holiday. And the fourth quarter is always our strongest. So as we kind of look at China and Kevin mentioned it we would expect the back three quarters of the year to progressively improve. Overall, growth rate in that 6% to 7%. And then we get into the fourth quarter approaching double-digit operating margins in the fourth quarter similar to what we had last year.
Chuck Lauber: Well, I'll address the $400 million. I think at this time we're going to keep it framed at $400 million. We, kind of, do that because we don't want to grow cash. And you're right we've had -- we're going to have a strong cash generation year this year too. We're going to keep looking to deploy capital. So we're very, very actively looking at where we can deploy our capital through acquisition. And so as we play out the year we're still focused on deploying the capital in that area and we're going to maintain our repurchase at this point at the $400 million.
Chuck Lauber: Yes. I would just add on that. I mean, organic growth across our product our businesses right now looks pretty strong. For us to raise our Lochinvar business up to a 10% growth, we're seeing that part of the business, which is a bit surprising us really bounced back. And so if you look across all our businesses, the organic side of it looks pretty strong as we go out through the year. We always reserve the right because things can change in this chaotic environment we’re in with COVID and so forth. But organically all our businesses are well positioned.
Chuck Lauber: Yes. I mean, from our perspective, and some of the disruptions that Kevin talked about due to the weather, we do believe that we've seen some -- our customers' inventory is coming down, because we we're trying to get production out as best we can and satisfy customer needs, but there's been some stress in that area. So for the quarter, we do believe our customers' inventories have decreased when you look at where we started the year. We would expect that to normalize as we go forward for the remainder of the year and as we bring down lead times. So we kind of expect more normalization to inventory levels as we exit the year, and that kind of plays into the guidance of where we talked about our full year outlook for residential.
Chuck Lauber: Yes. I mean, so we framed our Rest of the World margins this year in that 7% to 8%. And what we saw last year in the fourth quarter is we were at the double-digit margin percentage and we get a little bit of volume. And so right now, 10% is kind of where our target is in the upcoming time frame, not this year. But as we look at that, that's certainly doable in the current environment where we've got a heavier amount of mid-priced products than we historically have. We haven't seen the strength in the trading up on the high end of the market. Even though, Kevin had noted in his remarks that we've seen some positive trends in that area it's not at the same level as what we had in the past. And those margins while we on a percentage basis are similar they are lower than the high end of the market. So we do get some pressure on that. So when we think about kind of the transition that the business has taken a bit on store count efficiency, the SG&A initiatives that we've done. We have taken costs out of the business to grow a bit back into higher margins we need a little bit more volume. We'd also like to see some trading up outside of the categories and the water treatment has been a pretty good category for us, so we'd like to see more trading up. Housing coming back would help us to get some of the volume back up and just consumer confidence in the trading up. So we need a little bit of help in that category to get back to higher margins than what we're experiencing today, but those are some of the areas that we're watching very closely.
Chuck Lauber: No. There's not a structural change there. But to your comment, I'd say the largest driver of that is seeing the market move further into the trading up high end of the piece of the market than what it is today. But yes, structurally there's no reason that we can't get back there with some of the other factors volume higher end of the market trading up, along with some of the restructuring we've done.
Chuck Lauber: I would not say that this year we would expect SG&A to be the highest percent of sales. I think as I was looking at it for the quarter, particularly in China, we had a pretty good SG&A quarter. We were watching our costs very closely in China with lower volume. Not a lot of travel in the first quarter this year compared to last year. We'll have to see how that plays out for the rest of the year. But again, I wouldn't say that the quarter is going to play out much different than the back three quarters from a percentage of sales.
Chuck Lauber: At this point, we're going to stay at the $400 million. I mean, we'll see how the year plays out. We really are focusing on not growing our cash position and reserving the opportunity to deploy that cash in other productive ways. So as we stand today, we're going to stay with that $400 million.
