Paul Jones: Thank you, Pat, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. 2011 was a record-setting year of financial performance and an extraordinary year of change. Here are a few highlights. Organic growth in acquisitions drove sales from continuing operations 15% higher to a record $1.7 billion. Lochinvar added $76 million and sales of A. O. Smith branded products in China grew 29% to $370 million. Our growth in China continues from a number of drivers, including growth in same-store sales of almost 15%, expansion of our distribution with the addition of over 600 retail and specialty stores selling the premium brand of A. O. Smith products, primarily in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. We now have 5,400 outlets in China selling our products and gains in our water heater share from 20% to 22%. We also set an earnings record for the fifth time in 6 years. Earnings from continuing operations, excluding the favorable impact from non-comparable items, were 23% higher than last year at $2.11 per share. Lochinvar added $0.07, including interest expense and a $0.10 cent per share charge related to acquisition fees and purchase accounting charges. We sold our electrical products company for $700 million in cash and 2.83 million shares of Regal Beloit stock. Our gain on the sale was over $150 million. Remarkably, in the same week, we sold EPC, we purchased Lochinvar, a manufacturer of some of the most sought-after, energy-efficient boilers in the U.S. I will now turn the call over to John to go through our financial results in more detail. 
Paul Jones: Thanks, John. In our press release this morning, we announced our expected 2012 EPS guidance to be between $2.65 to $2.85 per share. The compounded annual growth rate of our adjusted earnings from continuing operations over the last 4 years to the midpoint of our guidance is 25%. Our guidance includes an incremental $0.40 to $0.50 per share from Lochinvar in addition to the $0.07 per share contributed by Lochinvar in 2011. Of particular note, our guidance does not include the impact from future acquisitions and activity related to the Regal Beloit shares. Our outlook for 2012 includes the following assumptions. First, our sales of A. O. Smith branded products in China continue to experience strong growth. We expect continued share gains, new products and the addition of over 600 new retail outlets will drive our growth by approximately 2x China's GDP growth rate in 2012. Second, the transition in the U.S. boiler industry from lower efficiency non-condensing boilers to higher efficiency condensing boilers is expected to continue in 2012. Lochinvar's condensing boilers continue to offer a compelling payback in the form of energy savings. The company has built a reputation for innovation and product quality. As a result, we expect Lochinvar's growth rate in 2012 to be over 10%, well ahead of the GDP growth in the U.S.  I should remind everyone that Lochinvar does have some seasonality to its business related to the products it sells for hydronic heating. Lochinvar's second half of the year typically has higher sales and profits than the first half. Third, we expect water heater volumes in the U.S. to remain at 2011 levels due to the stable replacement and nondiscretionary nature of the products. However, we do expect to experience a sizable reduction in our gas commercial water heater volumes in the first quarter, as some customers added to their inventories ahead of an air quality standard change in Southern California. This is an exciting and transformative time for our company, and the acquisition of Lochinvar represents a significant first step in building our global water platform. We have cash and borrowing capacity for additional acquisitions, and our pipeline of acquisitions supporting our stated growth strategy to expand our global footprint in water heating and water treatment solutions is active.  Products that supply clean water for drinking and hot water for hygiene are taken for granted in the developed world but are sought after by people entering the middle and upper middle classes in the developing world. Our products improve standards of living, which is one of the reasons why we've been successful in China and India and why we believe developing countries have higher growth potential for us. Our integration of Lochinvar is progressing very well. We have both human and financial resources to continue to add companies to our global platform, which create shareholder value, and our business development teams are pursuing opportunities all over the world to do just that. We are now finished with our prepared remarks, and we'll now open up the lines for your questions. So, Paul, if you'll manage the questions, please go ahead. 
Paul Jones: Well, our estimates, Sanjay, are that we will see probably a little bit weaker first half than second half, as you look at China overall, because there is -- they are in a recovery mode. Their downturn was very minor, in our opinion. And I think our best estimate is that we might see a little bit weaker first half. And I'm hearing all sorts of bullish comments from people over there about how the second half will occur. It wouldn't surprise me if we got off to a little slower start in China, but we are still committed to the investment and [ workers underway ] on the factory to make sure that we stay ahead of the demand. And we're also, as we've mentioned before, actively pursuing sales in other parts of Asia where we can use the capacity in China and ship to other places like Vietnam, Malaysia and places like that. 
Paul Jones: It's hard to say. I mean, we will only do good deals. We're only going to do deals that follow the criteria that we've established, which is obviously accretive, but more importantly, return the cost to capital by at least year 3, preferably in year 1 or 2. Lochinvar did it in year 1. But we have 3 people internally as well as a lot of external resources working on with it with us. And we just don't predict when we'll do an acquisition. When we have one with a contract, we will make an announcement at that time. 
Paul Jones: Well, I think we've established a reputation for being a little bit conservative. We want to make sure that we deliver what predict we're going to do. But we do see a weak U.S. economy. I think we'd be kidding ourselves if we said it was going to pick up, but maybe in our growth rate in China, we're seeing 2x GDP; we've been seeing 2 to 3. But where -- we will be running at an annualized rate of over $400 million there sometime this year, and that's going to be a pretty big number to keep adding 2 to 3x 20% to 30% growth on. So we're being maybe being a little conservative in saying we feel things will be up 20% there. And India, we're predicting it's going to have a strong growth again, it's doubled, more than doubled last year, and I don't know when it'll double this year, but it might be close to doubling again this year as it continues to grow. 
Paul Jones: Yes, that's correct, Mike. We're seeing a little bit of, I think the phrase I've been using is we're doing better than we should be, and it is essentially the only way to say that we're doing better is the energy efficiency and people buying the Cyclone product or some of our newer energy-efficient products because they get a payback on it, and it's worth their time and effort to -- and cash to make that investment. So it continues, as you know, light commercial construction is significantly down in this country. But we're doing well on the share equation, and we're continuing to promote the energy efficiency. So I think overall, we will continue to see that going this year, but obviously the big win for both residential and commercial is when the economy does pick up and new construction starts again. And we've got the capacity and capability to ride that, and our gross margins are good enough that a good portion of that, almost all of it, will fall through. But I'm not ready to predict when that's going to happen. 
Paul Jones: Well, operating profit is positive now within 2 years of opening the plant. We've got a terrific leadership team there, just like we do in China. And I can't say enough for the job that we're doing. We're well over 1,000 outlets there and growing every day, and we're still investing a lot of money in the brand identity. We did over, I think, it was over 12,000 ads, TV ads, last year to get our brand name out across India. So we're continuing to invest there; that's a lesson we learn from China that's paying big dividends in China to this day. So I'm bullish on India. It's, I think, by 2013, it will be up to where China was about 7 or 8 years ago. We certainly like the trend we've had there. 
Paul Jones: The bringing in sourcing of the A. O. Smith water heaters is well underway. We've been -- we're ramping up and starting to supply more and more products every week. We're on track, actually a little bit ahead of our internal plans on that, and we are -- we have a team from China, I think they're making their second trip over, I think week after next, to get the training on the product line. So we can start rolling out the product in China. We've been conservative on our estimates and the guidance we've given you on how well that will do in China. I'm personally more bullish than what we have in our plans, but we've got a lot of work to do yet to get the people trained and make sure that we can modify the products such that they can fit not only on the electrical system but all the systems and the infrastructure in China. 
Paul Jones: Well, so far in January, volumes are okay. They're actually maybe a little better than we originally expected, but not much. The North American market is a replacement market right now, and we're replacing water heaters that fail; it's not a discretionary expenditure; it's about 93% of our revenue right now are units that we sell are replacement. It used to be 80%, but it's going to have little bitty, time to time, little fluctuations on inventory that as our wholesalers adjust their inventories to manage the business they see in their trading territories. But on a macro basis, looking to whole year, it's going to be about flat with last year, I think, when the year is over. 
Paul Jones: Well, we do have an estimate for all of our customers, and Sears being one, and an important one. And that's within our guidance and, of course, Lowe's is continuing to grow, and that's factored in also. 
Paul Jones: We don't discuss pricing on our call because our competitors are nonpublic, and we don't want to do that. But I think our history has shown that we will recover our costs if they go up. We have our first quarter costs already established. We have our -- our contract allows that, and like everybody, we saw the CRU index pop up, and we will do whatever is necessary to make sure that we continue to generate returns for our shareholders. 
Paul Jones: We're around 60%, 65%, that's based on a normalized, no overtime, 2 shift operation, but we can always ramp that up with more overtime. We had, like residential water heater market now is a little over 7 million units a year in the U.S. It's been as high as 9 million, 9.5 million units a year. So we're ready for a pickup in housing construction, but as we've said, we don't see it coming this year at all. 
Paul Jones: Well, we're looking for places where we can create value for our shareholders. And we're looking in Asia, we're looking in Latin America, we're looking in sub-Saharan Africa. There's a lot of places around the world where we're seeing some opportunities in developing markets and emerging markets. That doesn't mean we're not still looking in North America too. There's still some potential opportunities there, and we're not losing sight of that, but we have an effort underway in all of the regions that I just mentioned. And as I've said, there's no way to handicap whether we will do 0 this year or 5 this year. We're just not ready to say until we get something to -- ready to sign a contract at that point, we'll make an announcement. 
Paul Jones: There's some technology tuck-in's that we could do; we're not as strong commercially there as we'd like to. We still have a lot of opportunity on the water treatment there; same thing in India. So those are all things that we have on our radar screen. 
Paul Jones: Every country is a little different. The retail program in China is a fairly new event. And 8 years ago, Suning had 20 stores, and they now have well over 1,000. So that is something that just emerged in China that has really taken off like a rocket. Vietnam, Malaysia, they all have different distribution networks, and we will be bringing products appropriate for those networks that we're able to go in and sign up customers for. 
Paul Jones: Well, they have a -- they've really got, we think, the best product out there in the industry. Obviously there's competitors that will probably argue with that. But they are growing their business certainly well above what one would expect given the U.S. commercial construction. And the reason is, the high-efficiency condensing stainless steel boilers, they've really got a product that's a category leader, and they're becoming the -- have become and are continuing to expand their reputation in that area. And as I've said before, I could not be more proud of the people and the facilities and all the design team and manufacturing team at Lochinvar, sales team, marketing team, they're just terrific, and they're continuing to put up impressive numbers. 
Paul Jones: We're still implementing the synergies, as John mentioned earlier, and we're not done with that. So I would be surprised if we didn't continue to see expansion in the margins there. 
Paul Jones: Well, let me start out with the comments on China. Tier 2, the stores that are opening up in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities are smaller than the stores that you have in a Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing, the large cities. So the sales through those per week are going to be a lower number. But that doesn't mean that it's not a compelling thing for us to do. We're expecting let's say 20% growth this year. Well, that's another $75 million to $80 million of revenue, which is pretty significant for a business that was only doing $45 million [indiscernible] years ago. So we still are committed, still it's a different business model than the U.S. There is a heavier percentage SG&A, but the operating profit is higher in that business than -- still by some amount than our current North American business. So we're still committed to it, and matter of fact, delighted to have the market leadership position in China. And we're even expanding that leadership position. We're now #1, and we're distancing ourselves from #2, and that's going to continue. As far as water treatment, the largest export market for water treatment products is India. And we are doing a capacity expansion there, and we're evaluating the water treatment piece of that, and we'll probably talk about that in some future conference call. 
Paul Jones: No. The margins will be the same too out [ there ]. We'll put the promoters in the stores, but there won't be as many in Tier 2 and Tier 3 as we have in the Tier 1. So these, and we expect to maintain the margins. Of course we have the manufacturing capacity and the manufacturing efficiency. I haven't talked about it, but we're doing some pretty interesting things within the existing Nanjing facility to improve productivity. We're actually handling growth right now without adding people due to some productivity improvements, little simple automation things, or some of them not so simple, but where we're able to eliminate positions; we don't exactly lay people off because we're still getting growth, but we don't have to hire as many people going forward. So I'm pleased with the margins there, and we're still doing all the things that we know how to do all over the world relative to improving margins on an ongoing basis. 
Paul Jones: Well, if you get a chance to go visit the plant in Nanjing, go do so. They'll be happy to show you. We put in -- I was there in November and saw some pretty impressive automation in the stamping area that is eliminating I think over 30 positions. That's pretty impressive to look at. And things like that, it's not going to be where we're going to take out several hundred people, positions. But I think 50 to 80 a year with the lean programs they have going on there is an appropriate number. The wage rates in China continue to go up. It's a double-digit increase, so that's becoming more and more compelling. We're just trying to get ahead of the curve and make sure we have a very efficient plant. If you tour our plant in Ashland City or Johnson City or any of them and then go to Nanjing, you won't see a lot of differences. It's a very modern, efficient facility, and we're just going to continue to improve it. 
Paul Jones: It was never a $75 million business. We were -- we found 2 sets of books, there was a third set that was -- that, well, unfortunately didn't come to light until after we had closed, and it has bottomed. We're actually seeing increases right now. We're seeing increases in productivity, increases in revenue from the $20 million bottom that John mentioned. And we're not ready to tell when we think we'll be into the positive margin, but we're going to see significant improvements this year from the losses we incurred last year. And we're still as determined as ever and as committed to the strategy. It's the right strategy. We just started at the wrong place, and then we had to quickly move the facility and hire almost all new people and start from scratch. We did a new plant start-up starting last January. And it's been progressively getting better month after month. 
Paul Jones: Okay, Paul, why don't you just go ahead and give them the dial-in information, and we'll just go ahead and conclude this call for anybody who wants to get a playback. 
John Kita: Mike, just to add on to that. To Paul's point from an operating standpoint, it was slightly profitable, but we did have some translation loss because we're buying the product from China, et cetera. And that's one of the reasons why you're seeing the addition to India capital structures, not only demand but we're going to bring some of that components in products that we're buying from China in because I think you know the rupee significantly declined, et cetera. 
John Kita: I think, Mike, when we had talked last quarter, we had said $10 million to $15 million of synergies over the next several years, with a good portion of the $10 million coming in relatively early. And we think we are seeing that. And then the other $5 million to $7 million, if you will, is going to come as we kind of expand in China, et cetera. To continue what Paul said, when we went out with our earnings initially on Lochinvar, we said it would be flat in 2011 and add about $0.40 to $0.50. We were very pleased with their performance in 2011 and added a net $0.07, and we're seeing next year, it will be an incremental $0.40 to $0.50 on that. So Lochinvar is doing everything we thought plus. 
John Kita: And as we looked at the individual stores, we did not see a significant impact from the stores that are closing. 
John Kita: Yes. We're trying to refine that data, but all indications we're seeing is kind of same thing we said in the third quarter is Tier 1 cities, there is not much growth year-over-year in same-store sales. In Tier 2 and Tier 3, we're still seeing double-digit growth in same-store sales, as well as a good portion when we're adding 600 retail outlets. Probably a disproportion of those are going to the Tier 2 cities. So on top of favorable same-store sales, we're getting more growth because of more distribution. But I don't think it's really changed much from the third quarter, Matt, is what we said. 
John Kita: No, I need to correct you, Matt. What Paul said is because of the heating season and the distributors buying, the second half of the year is stronger than the first half of the year. So I don't know exactly the distribution, but a 60%, 40%, 60% second half, 40% first half would be reasonable because the distributors have bought for the heating season. Now carryover to the first quarter, yes, I mean, it has some potential impact that the price of natural gas has come down significantly and also the warmer winter season than you would expect. So again, we're still expect very good growth for the year. But those things are having a little -- will probably have a little impact in the first quarter. 
John Kita: Yes, what we can say, and these are estimates because the final numbers aren't out, is that year-over-year, commercial was up almost 20% from quarter-to-quarter -- I'm sorry, quarter-to-quarter, was up almost 20%. And sequentially, from the third quarter to the fourth quarter was up almost 20%. So clearly, that will have an impact on the first quarter. What Paul had said earlier when somebody asked about the industry, we expected the industry to be about flat year-over-year. But because of the pull-in, it was almost 5%. So that certainly will have an effect on 2012 and much of it in the first half of the year. 
John Kita: Well, yes, we've said that we're not a long-term shareholder. And we're right now, under a 144A registration, and that expires February 22, at which time our shares are really [ clearly tradable ] after that. Before February 22, it's pretty difficult to tell because it's much less flexible. So what we have is, as you know, we'll be monetizing 1/2 of that at the end of the first quarter some time as we get out of the collar, which we have said expired at the end of March. And then the other half, really after February 22, we're in a position to do what we want with it, if you will. And we'll make that determination kind of based on price, et cetera. But clearly, we are not a long-term shareholder of Regal in our mind. 
John Kita: I don't think it changes a lot because a lot -- well, it changes a little bit, but Lochinvar was probably a little more commercial than residential. 
John Kita: Yes, about 2/3. So at $200 million on 1.6 is kind of noise. I mean, it was moving a little bit obviously more commercial than residential, but not significantly. 
John Kita: Yes. The way I think we're thinking about it is the first and second will be fairly comparable and then the third and fourth, the fourth being the strongest, and the third being the second strongest, if you will. So that's where you get to that kind of 40%, 60% I should say. 
John Kita: Yes, I think what you can look at is the fourth quarter was $8.5 million, and that has about $1 million related to Regal Beloit dividends that, on an ongoing basis, will not be there. And so as I had said on the last call, we felt the fourth quarter would be a run rate of about $10 million. And when you look into next year, you add about $3 million of the $10 million, pension expense will be at corporate, and then some inflation. That's how -- the midpoint of the range we gave you is 44, and that ends up being about $11 million a quarter. 
John Kita: Well, we had talked at the last call that one of the measures we use to evaluate the attractiveness of the share repurchase was the enterprise value to EBITDA, and what we said in the third quarter we felt our shares were significantly undervalued, and when you looked at our actual enterprise value to EBITDA multiple, it was much below our historical average, especially given our growth profile, et cetera, et cetera. So we purchased shares in the fourth quarter. We had good appreciation in the fourth quarter. We, like every other management team, see our stock as still undervalued. However, we think there's some acquisition opportunities that have the potential to bring better shareholder return. So I'd say right now at this price, we're not actively buying at this time. 
John Kita: No. I think to Paul's point, we certainly lost some volume. Volume last year was $30 million, and we were closer to $20 million this year, and that was a function of moving the plant. We lost some salespeople to our previous owner, and the big export business we had, much of it went to India, where you had a weakening currency in India. So that was difficult on us. So we also had some moving costs, and we also, as Paul said, had some significant inefficiencies. When you move a complete plant and you hire 500 to 600 new employees, that's going to have an effect -- a significant effect on profitability. We have, we think, a plan in place to over the next couple of years return to profitability. It's going to be dependent on getting some of those sales back. And again, I'm talking about the one side of the business. The other side of the business, we are very pleased with what's going through the A. O. Smith retail outlet. Profitability is slightly less there than we thought, but that's just a function of advertising costs. Sales are actually better. So that's kind of where water treatment stands. 
John Kita: You're going to wait as we're kind of refining those numbers now, and we'll put it -- that's why we just wanted to kind of give a forewarning that we are going to be putting it in the K, so you'll have that, and we can certainly -- we'll attempt to discuss those margins in the MD&A and give you an understanding of where they're coming from. 
John Kita: Well, the first question is, no, the tax payment would not be there; that will show up next year as a discontinued operating cash flow because it's a payment of taxes associated with EPC. The second one, I believe that number is in that cash flow number. The earn-out, the earn-out. 
John Kita: Yes. I do not have that. I mean, I can tell you translation wise for the year, we probably had a hit of $1 million to $1.5 million. And a big piece of that was India, which is buying from China, okay? And so that payable until it's settled gets marked to market, and you had a declining currency there. So that was a good portion, that was probably almost $1 million, [ $1.5 million ]. You also had a little bit on the Canadian because they're purchasing some products from the U.S., and again that would go through the translation. When you translate the earnings of Nanjing, the RMB probably appreciated 2%, 3%, that would have been a benefit that I'm not including in what I'm giving you. So yes, you're right, we have a lot of things going every which way, and some of it just ends up in comprehensive income and some of it ends up in the P&L. 
