Ajita Rajendra: Thank you, Pat, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. A. O. Smith's solid performance in the first quarter set record for sales and earnings. We continue to see strong growth in our consumer products in China and our water heater end markets in the U. S. were very positive. Here are a few highlights; sales grew 16% to a record of $740 million. Excluding the impact from the strengthening U.S. dollar against the Chinese currency, our sales grew 18% in the quarter. China sales are up 27% in local currency. Amongst several revenue growth drivers, A. O. Smith branded water treatment sales grew over 50% in local currency, and air purification products grew over 80%. Net earnings of $0.50 per share were 22% higher than our earnings per share in 2016. We continue to review our capital allocation and dedicate a portion of our cash to return to shareholders. During the first quarter, we repurchased approximately 608,000 shares for $30 million. We announced a 17% increase to our dividend earlier this year. The five year compound annual growth rate of our dividend is over 25%. John will now describe our results in more detail, beginning with Slide 4.
Ajita Rajendra: Thank you, John. We project revenue growth to be between 10.5% and 11.5% in local currency terms in 2017, and between 9% and 10% in U.S. dollar terms. We expect Aquasana sales to be between $55 million and $60 million this year and slightly accretive to earnings. With the full year of Aquasana sales, as part A. O. Smith, we expect our global water treatment products sales will be nearly $300 million in 2017. We project the Chinese currency will depreciate slightly from current levels against the U.S. dollar, resulting in the 5% or $45 million sales headwind compared with the average rate in 2016. Specific to our North America segment. We project U.S. residential water heater industry volumes will increase approximately 200,000 units in 2017, due to new construction and expansion of replacement demands. We project U.S. commercial water heater industry volumes to be up modestly with little growth in large electric units, after the category grew significantly in 2016. Lochinvar branded products grew 5% in the first quarter, driven by strong demand for water heater and modest growth in boilers. We do expect double-digit full year boiler sales growth, driven by continued market share gain, new product introduction and energy-efficient product growth. We expect the total portfolio of Lochinvar branded products to grow over 8% in 2017. Since our call in early February, steel prices have continued to move up, and knocked down, as we previously projected. We expect steel prices to continue to be elevated and volatile. This assumption is significantly higher than the average price in 2016, and result in the most difficult comparisons for the year in the second quarter. These factors lead us to affect our North American segment operating margin will be between 21.5% and 22%, despite the headwind from lower Aquasana EBIT margin of almost 50 basis points. Specific to our rest of world segment, we are a consumer products company in China, which distinguishes us from most the industrial companies operating in China. We grew 27% in local currency in the first quarter, driven by continued strong demand for our high quality products and a pre-buy in advance of an announced price increase. We expect the pre-buy will be negatively impact the next couple of quarter’s sales. The several growth drivers underpinning our China business, we are confident to project an annual growth rate of at least 15% in local currency in 2017. These drivers include, overall water heater market growth driven by household formation and an emerging replacement market, geographic expansion, market share gain, continued strong growth of water treatment products and air purification product growth. These benefits from China growth, smaller losses expected in India and our air purification products approaching breakeven, we project rest of world segment operating margin will be at least 14% in 2017. I'm moving now to Slide 11. Our total company organic growth model continues to assume 8% growth for the foreseeable future. Especially in these volatile and uncertain economic times, we believe our organic growth potential and our stable defensive replacement markets, which we believe represent approximately 85% of North America water heater and boiler volumes; positively differentiate A. O. Smith amongst other industrial companies. Coupled with strong growth and stability, we have a strong balance sheet poised to take advantage of strategic acquisitions that adds shareholder value, as well as allow us to return cash to shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks and now we are open for your questions.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, it's pretty hard to calculate and actually determine what it is but we would say that we probably grew organically about 16%, which would result in approximately $15 million in pull forward. And we think that will be over the next couple of quarters. There's some promotion being run in the second quarter so sales will definitely be down, affected by that but it might leak into the third quarter also.
Ajita Rajendra: Yes, we think there will be some positive impact but clearly it was put in and it probably averaged about 3%, 3.5%, and it didn't cover all geographies but the major reason was to cover steel and also we increased what we're paying our installers, which we truly feel is a differentiator. Our service network in China is a differentiator. But there will be some net benefit coming in the last three quarters.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, on the Lochinvar, we said it was up about 5% and that was primarily residential and commercial, and you probably saw the first two months of AHR data, and they were very strong. The industry was up 67 plus units – 67,000 plus units in the first two months. And we think they're up even more given our March. So residential was quite strong. And when we look at commercial, it was up almost 4,000 units in the first two months and we think that trend continues. So the bottom line is, residential and commercial were quite strong for both Lochinvar and the base business would hit – quite to hit.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, we’ve made progress on the commercial, greater than 55 gallons, so we made progress on that. We're not up to the share that our other businesses – our other commercial businesses is, but we definitely made progress on that. Lochinvar, its somewhat the same story. If you recall we had a strong commercial boiler market in the fourth quarter and it was pretty flat, up a little bit, in the first quarter, still a significant amount of quoting going on. We think projects are going to be released. We are coming out – we've come out with a new product of 6 million BTU condensing. We've come out with some non-condensing new product and we also have a Combi boiler coming up. So I think when you add all that up and then you look at what the Dodgible Manheim index was talking about and the Architectural Builders index, I mean, I think we're optimistic that we can get that 8% plus growth in Lochinvar for the year. 
Ajita Rajendra: Scott, this is Ajita. As we’ve discussed many times in the past, we are not going to speculate on pricing in the future.
Ajita Rajendra: I'm not sure, what you're referring to in particular, but in terms of total acquisition activity, its very similar situation there. There is a lot of activity. There are opportunities out there. We are looking at opportunities. The prices are still high, and as we've always said, that we need to be able to speed the value proposition. We need to able to see returning across the capital to our shareholders in a reasonable period of time and we are running a very disciplined process. And for obvious reasons, we are not going to be able to comment on something until it's a done deal. So we're not going to speculate on something that's in process. We can't.
Ajita Rajendra: I'm not aware of anything moving online, and from a retail storefront, I don't think it’s really affected our major customers expect for obviously Sears. There is some impact from that as they the pull some stores.
Ajita Rajendra: There were some markets, some big markets there for example like Beijing, where we - the comparative situation we decided not to do things. So, it's like that and just giving an example, its wasn't an across the board, all geographies type of price increase.
Ajita Rajendra: Well I guess when we saw the increase in the first quarter was a combination of two things. It was the greater than 55 electric and our guess is there is still some carryover associated with NAECA, where that product was eliminated. So you either have commercial customers that were buying residential are now buying commercial or you would have residential customers that were buying commercial are now buying residential – I am sorry were buying residential are now buying commercial. So we think that's part of it. And then yes, we saw pretty significant - I mean a couple of thousand units increased in the lower electric too. The less than 55 and the only thing we can come up with is high-rises and those sorts of things as the utilization of that has improved.
Ajita Rajendra: I would say there are fairly consistent, to my knowledge. As we move out into Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities they are certainly, middle class and upper-middle class people in the outlying cities. Now, I will tell you our store sales in Tier 2 and Tier 3 as not as high as they are in Tier 1, on a per store basis. But from margin standpoint, I think not a significant.
Ajita Rajendra: Well, it really depends on how they end up doing it. I mean, the initial talk was there tax cash that you have overseas at one level and then the difference between cash and under remitted earnings had a different level. I haven't heard much about a holiday's so that won't, happen, doesn't appear. But the cash overseas, depending on how it all falls out, we may not bring it back immediately because we're looking, from an acquisition standpoint, globally. So obviously, if I did an acquisition in the U. S., I may bring it back. I if did an acquisition internationally, I'd rather have the money where it is now, in Europe and China, depending on where you do it. And then, there's also factors like do they eliminate interest expense. We have some interest expense in the U.S., we've evaluated, so we're not going to pre-decide what we're going to do until we see the ultimate.
Ajita Rajendra: Ryan, it's a great question. From our perspective, as we see the traditional channel boundaries blurring, the decision being made more and more by the consumer because online searches, and that's the first place people go looking products. We feel that having the A. O. Smith brand both at wholesale and retail, it’s just going to make it a stronger brand and help our growth across the board, in both wholesale and in retail. The brand being at Lowe, gives it the opportunity to have 13 million viewings by consumers every week, and all of that will strengthen the brand which will make it a stronger brand at wholesale and at retail. So long-term, we think a great growth opportunity for the company.
Ajita Rajendra: Yes, so we’ve - so we’ve done that. We have talked to our major customers. I mean if there is public information it’s out there. We met face-to-face with most of our major customers and extended to them, and they understand what we're trying to do with the brand.
John Kita: Let me take a shot at. There are several questions in there. First of all, steel, I will tell you that we put in prices of approximately 5% of residential last year. Commercial might have been a little bit higher. Residential was about 5%, and we did get that 5%. 
John Kita: Yes, this is August of last year. And so we also talked to you that we were about covering costs, we were not picking up margin and that's the case. So I would tell you, in the second quarter, for the most part, that they pretty much offset each other; price and cost. And that's what we've talked about in the past. Steel is much higher in the first quarter than the prior year. It's much higher in the second quarter than the prior year, and then it starts leveling off from a comparative standpoint compared to the prior year cost, if you will. So I don't know if that answers the question. So I mean when you look at it in the first half of the year, we're going to have favorable price compared to the prior year. We're going to have favorable Aquasana compared to the prior year, from a revenue standpoint. The last half, not so much, kind of starting about August. 
John Kita: The steel comps get easier and I mean you can conclude we've talked about 21.5% to 22% North America margins and we were at 21.30% or something, in the first quarter so yes, we would expect margins. When you add Lochinvar, remember Lochinvar is very seasonal. The second half of the year is significantly better sales and significantly better EBIT. So that comes into play also. 
John Kita: You get the occasional water heater online, but its not anything big, but we do – Rinnai is on way fare, I mean it's a tankless product and that's the only thing I know of that's online. We know it’s an online, we know it's a regular online retailer.
John Kita: Well, so we were at about very similar to the prior year, 12.4%, I think, compared to the prior year. And I will tell you first quarter margins that rest of world were negatively impacted by some decisions we made in the air purification market. That market has not been growing as fast as we expected. We want to position our brand strongly on that, so actually profitability was about $2 million worse than the first quarter of last year in air purification. We think that's going to be a good investment as we talked about. We think by the end of the year, where air purification loss $5 million last year, we think we'll approach breakeven, we probably won't get there, but we'll approach it. So we made that conscious decision to promote that product in the first quarter. So that's why you probably didn’t see the contribution margin on that incremental sale to the level you would have expected. But as we go forward, it’s a combination of volume, obviously, we talked about price increases going to be negatively affected by steel and what we're doing from an installation standpoint, but we won't get much benefit of that as we look out specifically in the second, third and fourth quarters. So it's kind of a combination of things.
John Kita: Yes. I think to just reinforce depend on I try to answer it, but obviously I didn't. Yes, the incremental sales, from the pre-buy, were about $15 million. We did get, we think, contribution margin on that but that was offset by our additional investment in air purification where we lost an incremental $2 million over the prior year. So that's why you didn't see as much drop in to the bottom line.
John Kita: Yes, it covers most of the products and most of the geographies and we would guess it probably covers 85% to 90% of our business.
John Kita: Some of that growth in water treatment was also associated with the pre-buy. We rose prices on water treatment. So there was a pre-buy in the water treatment segment. We grew 40%, but the industry, I think the last numbers we saw the industry in 2016 grew, about 30% to 31%. And I think the forecast for this year is about 30%, and we're certainly comfortable with that, but clearly water treatment had some pre-buy in the first quarter also.
John Kita: I would tell you, Aquasana was up about 11% to 12% compared to the prior year which is what the expectation was. And very little process which was what the expectation was similar to the prior year. Their fourth quarter is traditionally their strongest quarter as a primarily retail provider and we never expected the revenue synergies out of the gate because there is government approval. We certainly want to as we've talked about we're doing some market studies. We want to understand the market and then make the determination of which products go where and under what brand et cetera. So we're in the process of that and we never expected that for the first couple of quarters. We should start seeing we hope some revenue synergies you know later on second half of the Year Later here but after that.
John Kita: Well, I think traditionally the fourth quarter is the strongest in the first quarter. And you know the other two quarters in between the two to move up. So again it's very close to what we project with what we did or planned. And no surprise again that the fourth quarter been strong.
John Kita: We told you that the price increase that went in place for residential and August you guys can do some math. And residential was off and commercial was up. So I mean I think you can you can do your calculations for the world. What we tried to say is that we think about 15 million of that increase to free buy in China. India was fairly close. Europe was a little bit loss on profit and sales but - but again we continue to make big piece which is 15 million of what we think is pretty bad.
John Kita: Well if you look at we have 717 million or what up cash I think Pat 720 on cash we are under levered with 19% we said we could go up at 35 or 40 percent capital. So we have a significant amount of room obviously to acquisition and return cash to shareholders et cetera.
John Kita: And the other thing is that the cities in China are getting bigger also. Beijing is still growing, the whole drive to urbanization, is driving people from the hinterland into the big cities, so it isn’t just second and third tier cities that are growing. The big cities are also growing. So we see that growing happening all over.
