Walter Pritchard: [Starts Abruptly] 23, 2023, at 1:30 PM Pacific Time. With me on today's call are Nikesh Arora, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dipak Golechha; our Chief Financial Officer. Following the prepared remarks, our Chief Product Officer, Lee Klarich will join us in the Q&A session. You can find the press release and other information to supplement today's discussion on our website at investors.paloaltonetworks.com, while there, please click on the link for Events and Presentations where you will find the investor presentation and supplemental information. During the course of today's call, we will make forward-looking statements and projections regarding the company's business operations and financial performance. These statements made today are subject to risks and uncertainties. We assume no obligation to update them. Please review the press release and our recent SEC filings to see these risks and uncertainties. We will also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. The most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations are in the press release and the appendix of the investor presentation. Unless specifically noted otherwise, all results and comparisons are on a fiscal year-over-year basis. We also note that management is participating at the Bank of America Global Technology Conference on June 6th. I will now turn the call over to Nikesh.
Walter Pritchard: Well done. Thank you. The next question is from Hamza Fodderwala from Morgan Stanley with Brian Essex from JP Morgan on deck. Hamza, go ahead.
Walter Pritchard: Thanks for your question, Hamza. Next question is from Brian Essex at JPMorgan, followed by Brad Zelnick from Deutsche Bank. Brian, go ahead.
Walter Pritchard: Great. Thanks, Brian. Next question from Brad Zelnick at Deutsche Bank, followed by Andrew Nowinski at Wells Fargo. Go ahead, Brad.
Walter Pritchard: Thanks for the question, Brad. The next question is from Andy Nowinski from Wells Fargo, followed by Matt Hedberg from RBC. Andy, go ahead.
Walter Pritchard: Great. Thanks, Andy. The next question is from Matt Hedberg at RBC followed by Gabriela Borges at Goldman. Go ahead, Matt.
Walter Pritchard: Thanks, Matt. Our next question from Gabriela Borges at Goldman Sachs with Adam Tindle from Raymond James on deck. Gabriela, you go ahead.
Walter Pritchard: Great. Thanks, Gabriela. Next up, Adam Tindle, Raymond James; followed by Gregg Moskowitz, Mizuho. Adam, go ahead.
Walter Pritchard: Thank you for the question. With that, we'll conclude the Q&A portion of the call, and I'd like to pass it back to Nikesh for his closing remarks.
Nikesh Arora: And I think to your question in terms of where this goes, as Dipak said, this is a new baseline. We think there is continued opportunity from here and we haven't even factored in the potential impact of generative AI. As you've been hearing all the conversation in the industry, we're still working on it, we're understanding it, we're really looking at processes, but we believe there is a there, there. We think there will be an opportunity in the future to get more efficiency from generative AI as we go ahead and implement some of the capabilities through our organization. So I think there is upside both in the continued efforts of what Dipak has been driving for the last nine months and there is the sort of the icing on the top is the potential application of generative AI as we continue to grow business over the next few years.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah. I think to cap it off, I think there is no doubt we will continue to deploy our proprietary AI models for XSIAM or for our network security use case as I highlighted. We believe in our preliminary analysis over the last three months and driving a lot of these work streams internally that there is a dare there with generative AI. So we believe that we will be deploying generative AI over the course of the next few months, and we'll talk more about it At a later event. But we think that has an opportunity both to significantly improve our customer efficiency and the efficacy of our products, at the same time, also to drive efficiencies within the way we run Palo Alto Networks. I think last but not the least, which is something you didn't ask, but I'll say, separately, Lee and his team have been working hard to see and look at the adverse impact that generative AI could have in terms of adversaries using Generative AI to build new malware, to try and attack our customers. And there's a lot of work we're doing as well to make sure we are able to protect our customers against any such activity that is conducted using generative AI.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah, Brian. I think, first of all, I'm amused that you're asking for transformational M&A. I think I feel like somehow we at Palo Alto Networks have been going through a transformation already for the last five years. Let me talk about it in two different parts. One, and I'd like to bust a myth of the notion that we've grown our innovation through M&A because pretty much the entire XSIAM product that we've built, which is now going to be one of the fastest platforms of Palo Alto Networks is homegrown. It was built by our team internally. It was designed, built and delivered by the Cortex team. So I think it's a disservice to them to say that some of the fastest-growing platforms being built at Palo Alto Networks was acquired. Similarly, our next-generation firewalls or our SASE product or SASE product for the most part, is entirely homegrown, driven by the security capabilities that we built using our firewalls as well as our virtual firewall business. So I think majority of our M&A has been focused on building our cloud security portfolio where we felt where we needed to be assertive and be out there in the front. And I would say, auxiliary capabilities, whether it's in automation with XSOAR or auxiliary capabilities around tax purpose management. So bottom line, we're very comfortable with the three platforms that we have and what we need to get done. I think we've been very clear about from an acquisition perspective, we look for product capability, where we can take product capability and attach that and make sure we can solve more problems for our customers that they're looking at. So from that perspective, my view on M&A is consistent that we find something interesting, an industry trend, which is added incremental tech capability, we will do it. I think from a transformational M&A, I think we can transform this company and have continued to transform it to where it is based on our innovation and our balance of execution. I think we will continue to do that. I don't think the market is particularly cheap yet. If you were to try and look for transformation M&A, and I think it's kind of a dual double-edge situation. One, I think we continue to get stronger as we get execution under our belt, and we continue to grow in value as Palo Alto Networks. And if some of the large players out there end up committing missteps and we'll go take a look at it for now. I feel very comfortable with the position Palo Alto has in the industry. I feel very, very comfortable with the amount of cash we have on our balance sheet. And I believe it is our job to keep our heads down and keep executing because it's a tough market. And I think one of the things which was brought up just a minute ago, I think the opportunities from AI have not been fully comprehended by most enterprise businesses. I think we are going to undergo a transformation both at Palo Alto Networks as well as generally an enterprise software industry over the next 12 months to 24 months as we embrace generative AI. I think that's the real opportunity and challenge in front of us. And I think half of the people out there will get it wrong. And hopefully, we're on the right side of history.
Nikesh Arora: Well, look, I think first and foremost, I don't want to leave you the view with any impression that the macro is not hard. It is hard out there. I think everything you're hearing from resellers, from other people in the industry is true. Customers are spending more time paying attention to deals. Customers are taking longer, some are rightsizing deals, some are focusing things that are important. Some are looking for financing. Some want to pay annually. So all the effects that you talked about are true in the industry. And we recognize this towards the end of our first quarter. And I'll tell you what, we've been working at double time, like literally, the day Dipak shut the doors and us being able to book anything this quarter, we are out there hunting for next quarter. We have a big number to hit this quarter. We're out there in the field. We're executing our teams are out there. So as you probably appreciate, there is no magic in the world around the fact that our quarter ended July 31. There's no budget year-end for any part of the world on July 31. It's a date that's been created at Palo Alto finishes the year Q4 July 31, which means we have to run as hard as we can to get business done by July 31. We know that' the end of our year, we know that we see end of our quarter, our customers know that. So what we're doing is we're getting ahead of it. We're hoping that us getting ahead of it and continuing to rigorously execute is going to allow us to be able to improve our conversion rate. Our conversion rates on our pipeline are down, guess what? You dug up more pipeline, therefore, your conversion rate that's down still allows you to make the number that you promised the Street. That's what we've been trying to do. And as I've said, the macro is hard, and we're going to keep trying to keep our heads down and execute.
Nikesh Arora: I think the last -- sorry, Matt, the only thing I'll add on this is that over the last 15 years, what has happened is the cost and value equation in existing SOCs has diverged tremendously. So people are spending a lot of money collecting data in large data stores and they're not getting adequate value out of it and they're not getting adequate security outcomes out of it. So I think that is a big gap and that gap is something we've been -- we've built this product, try and fill -- and now it really is very early days for us. I think the fact that we'll get to $100 million in the time spend that you thought was aggressive less than that. I think tells us there's a huge potential out there, which means we have to keep our heads down, again, keep building, keep executing and keep trying to solve the problems that our customers are presenting in front of us, but I have a good feeling about it.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah, Adam. I think there are two parts to it. One is, as you will appreciate, we highlighted that software has become 30% of our product revenue. So we -- when you book a hardware firewall, you get a dollar for dollar for revenue. In software, you don't get a dollar for dollar for revenue there is some part of an amortized value we get from our software firewalls and some part of our SD-WAN, which becomes part of our product revenue. So we have to run harder on billings to be able to deliver product revenue in the context of software. But as I mentioned, our virtual firewalls grew at 55% this quarter. They grew at 40% for the year so far. This is a tailwind we had not expected. At the same time, the hardware, as I mentioned, is not as strong as we'd expected. So they balance each other out. But in balances in favor of software for now, coming off a low base of last year. So as a result, we have been able to improve our product revenue guidance. So obviously, it comes at the cost of services revenue because some of our software has now had to work triple time to be able to deliver product revenue. So I think that's the context in which you should think about it overall, where there's been a draw from one side and a partial give on the other side and the product revenue. However, given our RPO is growing way ahead of revenue, it just means we are saving up a lot of revenue for a future rainy day.
Nikesh Arora: Well, thank you very much again, everybody, for joining us. We look forward to seeing many of you at the upcoming investor events. I also want to once again take an opportunity to thank all of our employees who worked very hard in a very dedicated fashion, as you all know, to help us achieve the results. Not only that, a big thank you to all of our partners and our customers around the world. Have a wonderful day. Thank you.
Lee Klarich: Yes, of course. It's very early in the large language model adoptions that we're seeing. And as you point out, there are a number of risks associated with them, particularly in enterprise use cases. We've already seen some examples where data has fed into large language models without the understanding of how the data will be used and the data has been publicly -- made public available even though it was confidential. So it's very clear that there is sensitivity there. There's also sensitivity from a security perspective of things like prompt injection attacks, data poisoning and things like that, that have to be taken into account. The -- and so I think what we'll see is the enterprise use cases of LLMs will evolve a little bit more -- actually, I should say, need to evolve a little bit more methodically and carefully to take the security challenges into account. At the same time though, it's also important to recognize that they offer tremendous promise, as Nikesh mentioned earlier in terms of being able to help guide product adoption, product usage to help enhance security capabilities and to drive greater efficiencies across the business.
Lee Klarich: Yeah. Look, nearly -- so XSIAM replacing the SIM is also replacing other tools in the SOC as well. The -- there's three core elements to how this is happening. The first is around data. As you saw, 3.5 petabytes a day is being ingested and analyzed. Data is the key to driving good AI and XSIAM is specifically designed to be able to ingest large amounts of data across different data sources into an AI data lake. Second is how we drive AI-based analytics on that data, be able to detect attacks in real-time. This is something that the traditional SIM industry was just not well designed to be able to do. That is driving the meantime the detection that you're seeing. And then three is the integration of automation natively into XSIAM that allows us to drive the meantime remediation down from what in the past used to be, in many cases, days, down to hours and even minutes. And so in all of the XSIAM deployments we're seeing, it's amazing how quickly we are seeing the outcomes that we saw in our own SOC when we deployed an operationalized XSIAM.
Lee Klarich: So one of the challenges that we've set out to address with Prisma Cloud was this fundamental challenge in enterprise cybersecurity sort of the proliferation of point products. Every time there's a new security need, there's a new product and then customers become the system integrator of all deterrent point solutions. And they spend more time trying to be the system integrator than they are actually getting the value from the products. And so with Prisma Cloud, we've taken the unique approach of building a platform where we can deliver many different capabilities pre-integrated from the same location. Now at the same time, we did that on the technical side, we also approached it from a sort of the adoption side and, I'll call it, the procurement side of having a single Prisma Cloud credit system that makes it really easy for customers to buy a level of capacity and then simply use it to adopt as much of the platform as they need and when they need. And so we've -- it's allowed us to focus more of our attention in terms of how we engage with customers and how the product works on in product adoption, guided adoption of additional capabilities and enabling them to easily use more and more the services as they need them as opposed to having to go back and turn every module into a new transaction with a customer. And as you saw from what Nikesh showed, the new credit usage year-over-year going up about 44% year-over-year, but then also the number of customers there are two or more or three or more or four or more modules in the case of four more almost doubling year-over-year shows how well that is working.
Lee Klarich: That's by far the most comprehensive cloud native application protection platform there is. That doesn't mean that we do everything, but we do far more than any other solution out there. There's a tremendous amount of focus on delivering capabilities that we've been building internally, organically amongst the team. We've seen the most recent one we delivered with secret scanning just a few months ago. We've seen very good early adoption of that. At the same time, we're also delivering on the latest acquisition of cyber security, where we expect that to become a new module in the next couple of months available to all of our Prisma Cloud customers. And so the -- Nikesh talked about how we've leveraged M&A in the past to help build some of the key technology areas of Prisma Cloud, which is absolutely true. We have also shown an ability to deliver new cloud security capabilities organically and be very successful at that. And right now, I feel good about the balance of both those capabilities and how we're bringing them together and how we continue to deliver new innovations.
