Clay Bilby: Good day, everyone, and welcome to Palo Alto Networks Fiscal Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. I am Clay Bilby, Head of Palo Alto Networks Investor Relations. Please note that this call is being recorded today, Tuesday, February 21, 2023, at 1:30 PM Pacific Time. With me on today's call are Nikesh Arora, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dipak Golechha, our Chief Financial Officer. Our Chief Product Officer, Lee Klarich, will join us in the Q&A session following the prepared remarks. You can find the press release and information to supplement today's discussion on our website at investors.paloaltonetworks.com. While there, please click on the link for Events and Presentations where you will find the investor presentation and supplemental information. During the course of today's call, we will make forward-looking statements and projections regarding company's business operations and financial performance. These statements made today are subject to risks and uncertainties. We assume no obligation to update them. Please review the press release and our recent SEC filings to see these risks and uncertainties. We will also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered as a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. The most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations are in the press release and the appendix of the investor presentation. All results and comparisons are on fiscal year-over-year basis, unless specifically noted otherwise. We would also like to note that management is scheduled to participate in the Morgan Stanley TMT Conference and JMP Securities Technology Conference in March. I will now turn the call over to Nikesh.
Clay Bilby: All right. Our next question from Hamza Fodderwala with Morgan Stanley with Fatima to follow. Go ahead Hamza.
Clay Bilby: All right. Our next question from Fatima Boolani of Citigroup with Brad Zelnick like to follow. Go ahead.
Clay Bilby: All right. Great. Our next question is from Brad Zelnick of Deutsche Bank, followed by Tal Liani. Go ahead, Brad.
Clay Bilby: All right. Great . Thanks. Our next question from Keith Bachman of BMO, followed by Patrick Colville. Go ahead, Keith.
Clay Bilby: All right. And our next question from Jonathan Ho of William Blair followed by Saket Kalia. Go ahead, Jonathan.
Clay Bilby: All right. Great. Next question from Joe Gallo of Jefferies, followed by Ben Bollin of Cleveland. Go ahead, Joe.
Clay Bilby: With that, we conclude the Q&A portion of our call today. I'll turn it back over to Nikesh for his final remarks.
Nikesh Arora: Hey, thanks for the question. Look, the SASE market, I think traditionally was a market which was focused on Internet access. Customers use that as a proxy-based way to onboard Internet access and was fine. I think the pandemic really flipped the switch, coupled with the whole cloud transformations that are going on, our customers, especially larger customers, want to create a first -- first-class citizen of any user who's not sitting in the office or in the campus, and they want to get to Zero Trust. So, I think the confluence of Zero Trust, the confluence of the cloud transformation, the confluence to apply a full security stack opened the door for full SASE deployment to network transformations, couple that with the fact that people are trying to get away from large wide- network-type network architectures, SD-WAN type network. So, I think, our confidence on all of these things created a real spurt in the SASE market. We have 60-plus thousand customers who use our firewalls. Now, we're showing them a path to migrate from a firewall-based, campus-based, data center-based architecture to a Zero Trust architecture, which spans hardware, software, and any kind of remote access and campus solutions. So, I think that's what's driving that for us. And whilst your guys -- you're impatient, your brains move faster than our ability to execute sometimes, it's only been three years. And I think I could challenge anybody out in the market. Anybody -- everybody read the same Gartner Magic Quadrant on SASE. I want to see how many vendors can claim that the last six quarters, they sold $1 billion SASE, and who just did a $40 million deal in SASE last quarter. So, I think that's our execution, our ability to work with existing customers, our constantly listening to customers evolving our product is allowing us to get here. It's a competitive market, but I think we're down to two, two and a half vendors in this market who we see at every customer now.
Nikesh Arora: That's a great question, Hamza. And I've been sort of on and off in terms of how to temper my enthusiasm for this space. And I was on my way to India to speak at a convocation, I experienced ChatGPT for the first time. And I turned around and rewrote my convocation speech saying, this is the best thing that happened to security, enterprise and to consumer, because I think it's kind of an inflection point, which is big. Now clearly, that's a conversation. I'd say, two months ago, customers were not asking us about AI, and now they all want to know, are you deploying AI in your security products? That's great. And that's why we spent some time on the earnings call trying to elaborate how we've been using this for a long time. The conversations are around how do I start making more sense of my data. I think the last iteration of using data in the security industry has been more about, I'd say, offline or reactive data analysis for the most part. And this is the first time the customers want real-time, proactive, block-the-threat outcomes, which is sort of our sweet spot, if I may say so. And that conversation is beginning to start. I'll tell you, on XSIAM, there's no deal less than $1 million. I haven't seen a security product that we launched in the industry which starts off at a minimum price of $1 million, right? We've done $30 million of business in the last 12 to 16 weeks, where our customers -- our teams are still getting trained. We're still getting traction. We still have, we think, 70%, 80% of the product developers still working on the rest of it as we get feedback from customers. So -- and I'm cautiously optimistic. And I think you will see this pave the way for deployment of AI. This is our first outcome-based product. This is the first time we can walk in and say, listen, I can reduce your mean time to respond, a mean time to detect. Otherwise, I'd say, use this, this is really good, it's going to save you, but he won't find out until something happens. In the case of XSIAM, I say, I can demonstrate efficiency, I can demonstrate lower cost of ownership for you. So, very hopeful. Don't get ahead of yourself. It's going to take a while. I really told you we'd be happy if I get $100 million faster than any of the product. And hopefully, this becomes another leg of growth for Palo Alto to give us more sustained top line over the long-term.
Nikesh Arora: So, Brad, I think it's important to understand, that we have a very large installed base. We have 62,000 customers who deploy Palo Alto firewalls. And let's just say, in my 4.5 years at Palo Alto, I don't know any customer has decommissioned us yet. So, I think that the solution of the hardware is not being deployed or not being used is not true. So there is hardware and [indiscernible] customers. Even though somebody may not be buying hardware, a lot of our subscription growth, our ELA growth, is driven by the fact that people have hardware, which they are extending the software capabilities on and buying more software capabilities from us. So it's not just that a salesperson shows up only to sell hardware, they actually show up to deploy more security capabilities on the software front. And couple that in the case of SASE, if you look at our large pipeline, it's clearly driven by a customer of Palo Alto, who is a firewall customer, or a potential SASE customer who's saying, listen, I know your security services, I know your Zero Trust policies, I want to be able to expand into it and deploy a full end-to-end SASE solution or a Zero Trust solution for you. So, I guess I'm trying to say is that, our success in software is not hardware-dependent. All I'm highlighting is that I believe that the market was very confused last year with supply chain. You couldn't get chips. There were orders being made. Customers are getting jittery, saying, I have capacities, I might need more hardware. So a whole bunch of conflation of effects that happened hardware. I have constantly maintained that hardware grows. The industry grows at low to mid-single digits. You noticed that perhaps a slight downtick in my expectations, and that's probably fair. You're perceptive. But I don't think it changes the overall outcome for us as a company. I do worry about people who are purely hardware-focused, who don't have the ability to position a solution which includes software. I'll give you an example. A large retailer comes to us and say, I'd like to deploy a SASE solution across my entire retail base. I'd like to upgrade. I want to do AR, VR for my store. I want to go get more bandwidth in there. Technically, there are multiple ways to solve the problem. What you do is sell firewalls and say, hey, put a bigger firewall in your store. And I can deliver SASE because I have security capability. I can say, put an SD-WAN box in there, go deploy a lot of bandwidth in there, and do a software-based SASE implementation. A, it's going to be much easier to replace software in there, upgrade software. I take care of that for you. B, it's more secure because you have the most latest upgraded software available right away. Three, it's scalable, you can improve your bandwidth requirement and security requirements over time. And; D, for me, it's great because it's 2.5 times more valuable for me to have you deploy SASE than put a box, which I'd have to keep sending a truck every year to try and upgrade this offer.
Nikesh Arora: I'm going to let Dipak answer, but I will recommend you to try Dali. And you might be able to create a parallel poster of our, and we'll have to figure out who did, which one.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah. Well, I think just to make sure that you don't -- we don't mix the forest from the trees. We are seeing better growth across our business on a TCV basis across our customers. That's driving the billings growth, which obviously then falls into revenue, both short-term and long-term and deferred. I think what you're seeing is the higher mix of software in our expectations going forward, which makes it more ratable over time. It gives us more predictability. Hence, the revenue looks consistent with expectations, and you see the software part, which is sitting in deferred grow faster.
Nikesh Arora: So Keith, that's a great question. And I'm hesitating on my own analogy, which I was going to give you, but I don't think we should print that. It's clear, it's just -- I don't want to put a word against our Cortex business. First and foremost, look, I've always maintained that the opportunity in the security market arises when there's an inflection point. And I think the endpoint industry went through an inflection point a few years ago when we saw the emergence of EDR and XDR players. And you saw that, I'd say, perhaps the normalization of pure endpoint antivirus-type players in the market. And what's happened is if you look at the evolution, we've gone from a few endpoint players to many, and you're beginning to see convergence again down to two or three people. And I'd say that we are one of the three growing XDR vendors where customers are choosing us. We have one of the best POC outcomes across the entire market vis-à-vis other players. So I'd say today, if you're looking for an XDR outcome, there's possibly two or three vendors always in the fray are beginning to see ourselves to. That was not the case three years ago. That was not the case two years ago. So we're happy with our position, I think, one. Two, XDR is a pipeline business because it's pretty consistent to your point about pricing, the deal sizes are pretty consistent, and they're sort of in a range and you got to have a lot of deals to your pipeline and get some conversion going from them. Cloud and SASE can be big. I still have $40 million cloud deal, $40 million SASE deal. I don't have $40 million XDR deals. They're all in the same swim lane, and you can substitute one for the other. And we see consistent growth. Now where I think our secret sauce is kicking in and should kick in is XSIAM only works with XDR. And what's interesting is we've seen very early, we've had 15 customers of XSIAM in the last 12 weeks, and they're all north of $1 million. Very early, we're seeing customers saying, I'd like XSIAM. And we're saying, listen, you can only get XSIAM if you're going to buy XDR. So we're beginning to see there's a pull because of an outcome-based oriented XSIAM. Again, as I said to Hamza, don't get ahead of your skids, this is a shift we're trying to engender in the industry, but we think that the way to drive XDR for us in the long-term is going to be by creating the best security outcome in the SoC for the customer. But they realize I need good data. The only way I get good data is to Palo Alto, XDR which allows us to go create the security outcomes in XSIAM. So that's our approach. Until then, we're just going to keep our head down, grind at the pipeline, make sure we can win the deals. But for us, we're headed for the bigger price because I can do a lot of XSIAM business where I can XDR seed it into my customers. So XDR pricing is less contentious for me. It's more interesting for me to get the right customer in XDR. So you noticed there's a certain part of the market we play in. We don't play in the low to mid-end of the market in XDR. We don't have 500 customer -- 500 user customers. We like to get the 10,000, 15,000, the higher end of the XDR customers because we think that is a high transfer into XSIAM in the future. We've been doing that consistently for the last few years trying to build that base so as when the XSIAM is ready, we can start encouraging our customers to evolve from XDR to XSIAM.
Nikesh Arora: Well, I think, Patrick, first of all, is Dipak made your life easier by giving you an operating margin guidance for the year. So you don't have to worry about the component parts. So you can just look at the total and have a wonderful time. Save you some modeling at Palo Alto. So that notwithstanding, I think between Dipak and I, we've both said that -- I contemplated putting this in our earnings script. I had a meeting with an investor. Dipak and I had a meeting for hours about six months to seven months ago. And they took us through the brute force of profitability and margins and margin expansion and long-term EPS for Palo Alto. And the other day, Dipak and I looked at each other and say, you know what, growth is important, but growth -- profitable growth is even more important. And I'd say, there's a series of programs that Dipak has been running over the last six months, which include looking at gross margin across all of our products, looking at our spend across categories, looking at headcount. So this is a sustained program we have in place. We're going to moderate our way through it to make sure that we don't impact our ability to generate the right amount of growth and right amount of profitable growth. But I think, the thing I'll leave you with is that, we've given the guidance for the full year for operating margin, how it's going to evolve. We think it's a very good place compared to where we were expecting to be right now. And I think, we've also given you hope that we don't believe this is the end. We believe we can keep improving from here. So for now, that's all we're going to say.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. Matt, look, I think a happy firewall customer is a customer who at least has a good feeling about Palo Alto. And I think, if they've deployed our security services, they're even better, because they know how those security capabilities work. And now we're working though each of these customers to trying to work with them on their Zero Trust strategy. SASE is generally a long lead time, long conversation, because it's not just security. I think the part which sometimes gets lost in this -- in some of the analysts, is that SASE is actually -- you're taking -- say, the firewall, I give you a firewall, you run the firewalls in your network, it's all good. You run your growing product. In SASE, I run your network. I take the traffic from your laptop onto me, on to GCP, and route the traffic for you. So now I'm part of your mission-critical capabilities. That means my network has to be strong, my latency has to be low, my availability has to be high. That's not a traditional question security CoIP companies have been asked. They're not used to running networks. That's why I just fall off my chair when I keep hearing, there are seven other vendors building SASE solutions. I'm like, yes, good luck, learn how to run a network. So there's no coincidence that we decided that we were not going to run the network. We're going to let AWS and GCP run the network for us, because that's what they do really well. And they have cloud capability with low latency. So we've built our SASE stack, which runs now concurrently on GCP and AWS, allowing us to give you availability, which is higher than those two individually. So we think in the long term, that's the right answer, right? Now, clearly, we're not 11 years old in SASE. We're 3.5 years old in SASE. So there are some things which we’ll get stumped on, because there are features and capability we need to keep building, because there are edge cases which had been brought to the forefront. That's where Lee and his team are doing a phenomenal job, continuing to keep us at the top of the sort of pyramid of that topic. We're working on some really exciting capabilities in the upcoming future. We'll inform you in the next upcoming quarters. But we feel very good about our SASE pipeline, our on ramp. They're lumpy. They're large deals. But there is product market fit, and we're seeing success.
Nikesh Arora: So William, the reason we showcased the millionaire customers, the $5 million deals and the $10 million deal slide, is there's a journey. By the way, I'm going to send you a Palo Alto shirt, so you can at least wear that in this meeting. You can wear that other one other times. But anyway, so yeah, we showed you a slide of $1 million and $5 million and $10 million because customers go through a journey. And it's very rarely you walk into a fresh customer, and we convinced them to go spend tens of millions of dollars to this and consolidate. So it's usually an evolutionary process where we've become the firewall vendor of choice. They go with us on SASE. They're working on cloud. They see the concurrence of cloud and SASE. They have XDR. They want to get to XSIAM. So slowly and steadily, we are showing them the benefits of consolidation. I'll tell you, us being leaders in 13 categories helps because the first time you used the word consolidation, the first reaction of the CIO or CISO is, wait a minute, I want the best stuff. I just don't want it because you have it. Then we say, wait a minute, our stuff is the best up as well as it works together. So it's a journey. It is not something that is a panacea that every customer comes in and walks in, but our teams are now focused towards trying to evolve our customers down that path or across that journey, right? And that's why we can go out and do a deal. I think our largest deal this quarter is north of $75 million.
Nikesh Arora: So I think, Saket, the SIM market doesn't have a pricing problem. It has a value problem. I spend a lot of money. I don't get enough value. And if you ask some of the customers out there, how do they use the SIM, SIM is used post-breach or post-event to figure out what happened. A SIM is not doing on-the-fly real-time blocking. So when SolarWinds happens, Log4j happens, you can go to your SIM and look at where it happened and figure out and trace it back and try and block the whole. What it won't do for you is stop it mid-flight. And that's a paradigm shift as far as security is concerned. The only way you can do that and stop it mid-flight is analyzing data as it's being created. So to us, the reason we call XSIAM not SIM is here's our words. We watch the data in flow. We watch it coming from the endpoint. We cross correlate mid-flight with firewall data. We go and triage it. We automate some of the alert, some of the noise away. And we're looking at like real incidents between triage already, which are not being put in some large data lake and then running query language against to see how do I solve the problem. They're already doing it in the back end. Now of course, with the availability of new LLMs that are out there, which you all I'm sure have been talking about and dealing with in their free time, they do a lot more useful things than write poetry for your wife. They can actually analyze data to tell you what is anomalous and what is off pattern. And if you can figure that out, then what do you have to do? You have to go ahead and remediate it. How do you remediate it? You got to be a firewall to remediate a network. You've got to be an endpoint to remediate the endpoint. You got to be Prisma Cloud, remediate it in the cloud. So I think what XSIAM is going to do is going to bring real-time capability in the SOC, or real-time capability in security. It's early days. Again, I'm going to say – keep repeating, reputation doesn’t spoil the prayer, don't get ahead of itself, but this is where we're heading. And if you can picture chat ChatGPT 10 years from now, picture AI and security 10 years from now. You will not have humans trying to analyze because it'd be too hard for humans to analyze petabytes of data. Already, the data in an organization is too much for a security analyst to analyze.
Nikesh Arora: Thanks, Joe. So two quick answers. One, we're still the largest player with north of 2,000 customers in cloud security. I don't know, if you explicitly called it out, but our largest cloud security was $40 million this past quarter. I don't know any other vendor in the cloud security space who's doing half of that in a quarter in one deal. So yes, there are many small players out there, but we've seen a bit of churn in the market where some small players have kind of been acquired and gone. Does that mean we'll be the only player? No, there'll be other players in the medium term, but we feel comfortable that there are people who are consolidating. It feels like the Wild West because customers are still not fully in the full cloud security platform mold. So they've not fully embraced the need to have all these things connected, but I think it's a matter of time and a matter of demonstration that it's going to happen. In terms of your question around where we are, and we talked about that in the prepared remarks around hyperscalers. Remember, the cloud security market is a few billion dollars. The hyperscalable market hundreds of billions of dollars. Now the difference is when you commit to a hyperscaler, you commit that you're going to move, you're going to transition, you spend a lot of money. And a lot of that stuff sits in deferred revenue because they are not fully deployed, or customers haven't fully consumed. Cloud security applies to stuff that you consume, right? Like, if you haven't consumed it, or you aren't ready to consume it, they're not going to be buying cloud security. So I think we have a little bit of a gap in terms of when people commit to when they deploy it, to when they take cloud security. I just think the – that stuff can slow down for a while, but it's still got – there's a lot of headroom for us to get from where we are. Even, if we got to all the customers who are in deployment or are deployed, I think we should see a steady continued growth for Prisma Cloud. So the market demand, to me, is not where the challenge is. The challenge for us or the opportunity is to go convince as many customers as we can that this is a platform play. You have to consolidate across multiple modules. You have to have stuff talk to each other on a constant basis, otherwise, you end up in the same situation as you were in enterprise security many --.
Nikesh Arora: Thanks, Ben. I used to say that, about a year ago that, I've had more CIO conversations in a quarter than I did in many years. I'd now say that about GSIs. I'd say in the last six months, I've had more GSI conversations than I had in the first five years of Palo Alto, or four and a half years of Palo Alto, right? And the reason is GSIs are interested in transformation. They're interested in where they can go into a customer and deploy a much better security outcome for them. We were not relevant as a firewall company with SASE, with cloud security, with now XSIAM, they see a real opportunity to go in and do some transformation for their customers. And transformation for them means revenue to them and means a solid product in the back. I'd say most GSIs are still early is in their journey to build a full cybersecurity competency across the board. And there, they'd rather deal with lesser vendors than more. So, us being leaders in certain categories, plays into our strength and our ability to partner with them. I think you -- we are already, without specifically calling out deals, there are many deals where we are partnered with GSIs, where they are the front. We work with them to be as part of a larger transformation project, and we're seeing more and more of that.
Nikesh Arora: Look, first of all, I want to thank all of you for joining our call. I also want to thank our employees, who work really hard towards delivering these results. I have to say six months ago, when we've started to see warning signs, we pivoted hard. We made sure that our teams got ahead of it, and they have delivered. So, I want to thank all of them for their contribution. As I said, this is this is a challenging macro environment out there. And the only way we're going to get through this as Palo Alto Networks is to keep our head down and execute. And that's what we intend to do. Once again, thank you, guys and see you next quarter.
