Mark D. McLaughlin: Greg, it's Mark. Yes, the answer is more likely or not all of the above, which is, I think the security market continues to be very robust. You can see that not just from ourselves, but other folks that reported. The needs out there are very strong. Customers are buying to solve those needs. And then on top of that, we have a unique platform. So we're benefiting disproportionately from that. As you know, we put a hell of a lot of focus into the major global accounts and the sales organization over last year, and I think that, that's paying off very well as you can see from the numbers, too. So I think a lot of these things are moving in our direction. Some are macro and some are about the solution. And some are about the things we're doing on an execution base at the company.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, sure, Keith. Well, as you know over the last year, we made a number of changes in the sales organization, about 18 months ago, with Mark Anderson joining us under an assumption that he would do a certain number of things that he's done very well from a team perspective, starting with leadership. And then also getting the reps who know how to service and close large accounts. That's really worked itself out through the better course of the last year and all those changes have been made, and we think people are really humming now. And we mentioned at the last call that this will be the first year, by the end of the year, where we'll have more ramp than ramping salespeople in the organization, which we think is a good thing for us as we continue to march down the field.
Mark D. McLaughlin: It doesn't appear to be the case. We said before that we haven't seen any impact in the market that we can discern from a selling perspective. We continue to grow at extremely healthy rates. So we continue to beat all the competition handily whenever we face them. So I don't see it really playing out in the market.
Mark D. McLaughlin: I think to the extent there's any impact at all, it's been positive for us. And that's primarily because we handily beat Cisco when we face them. We've beat Sourcefire in head-to-head competitions as well. And taking an IPS technology and bolting it on a stateful inspection firewall is not a fundamental disruptive technology change. So I don't think it changes anything from a technical solution perspective. We've also seen confusion in the market from the Sourcefire customers about what that means. What's going to happen to them over time. And we've been able to develop hundreds and hundreds of leads from dissatisfied or confused Sourcefire customers. So at least from our perspective, it's been a positive.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, Rob. It's a little hard to come by hard data around the refresh cycle, as far as anybody who would know for sure. But I've heard a number of anecdotal points that a big refresh cycle is upon us in the next 12 to 15 months. And we think we can see that from what we're seeing from a pipeline perspective, close rates. I mean, it all points in that direction. That there is a big refresh cycle in front of us. On the big picture about security, I know that there was a 1 quarter bump in the road before, not just security, but all of networking. There are various reasons for that. But it appears as though at least from a security perspective that, that's rebounded very nicely, and that security is a top-of-mind issue and is likely to remain that way for some time.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, we had said earlier that the renewal rates were better than 85%, and more likely than not higher that. One of the reasons that we were less exact on the higher number was, is that when a customer upgrades from an equipment perspective, for us, it looks like a new sale, not a renewal. So we're highly confident it's higher than that, but that's what we reported last time.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, so if we look at the results in EMEA and APAC. On the EMEA side, we saw good year-to-year -- year-over-year growth and a slight sequential decline of about 2%. We like EMEA as a market. We think that's a big growth opportunity for us. There continues to be some concern in Southern Europe. I think that's going to last for a while from a macro standpoint. But we're investing there, and we think that, that's a good growth market for us. Also, just as a general matter coming from a Q4 to Q1, it's not surprising to see a sequential decline there. And in APAC, we had a 2% sequential decline as well, but we had very strong year-over-year growth in APAC. And we're coming off a extremely high comp last sequential growth quarter-over-quarter in APAC. So it's across the board, generally pleased with all the performance in the regions.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, so the ones that we've talked about from a roadmap perspective coming up in relatively short order fall in the category of a new version of WildFire coming out, which is going to help us to continue to even faster accelerate the need for cybersecurity solutions. We've talked about our 120-gig chassis, which is coming out, which will help us expand even faster than we are today in the data center environment and it will open up a new part of the addressable market for us, which is the service provider market. And we've also talked about a joint technology offering coming to market shortly with VMware, which is going to allow us to even penetrate faster into the virtualization space. So those are a couple of 3 we've discussed a lot. There's more, obviously, and we're not going to get into laying out the entire roadmap. But we think those allow us to get bigger opportunities in different deployment models like virtualization and also get more than our fair share of the real fast-growing cybersecurity subsegment of the enterprise security market.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Sure. So from an attach rate on subscription services, they continue to go up for us, which is great, as we've expected they would. And as a reminder, the reason for that is that these subscription services are generally taking the place of what a customer used to have to buy from a standalone product. So this is best-of-breed functionality in a highly integrated, highly automated fashion at a much lower cost than what they would have to get by buying a standalone product. On the WildFire side, that's a very fast grower for us. And the reason for that is, it's just solving a real important problem for customers right now in this whole advanced persistent threat space. And the reason they're going with WildFire is primarily 3 things. The first is, is that because we are the firewall in most customers' cases already, not only can we do advanced detection capabilities, but we can also do prevention. Because ultimately, you have to be the firewall in order to do that. The second thing is from a deployment standpoint, we're doing this primarily in the cloud. So there is -- it's got infinite compute capacities. And it's wicked fast as a result of that. As an aside, we also have a private cloud solution with our WF 500 series. And the third reason is, you get the network impact because we do it in the cloud. And we have thousands of customers in all verticals in every geography, we're able to share in a highly leveraged basis what we're seeing across the customer base. So you don't have to be attacked yourself in order to see something from an attack perspective. You're getting the benefit of what we're seeing across the entire customer base that's using WildFire today. So those are really driving the adoption.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Catharine, yes, so primarily, what we have been providing to customers, which they like, is cloud-based. And the reason for that is, it's easy. It's very fast. You get the leverage of the network and the sharing that goes on with that. However, there's a subset of customers that can't or won't, for various reasons, send files to the cloud. And because of that subset of the customer base, we developed the WF 500, which in essence, allows you to create a private cloud solution. So if you have those concerns, you can still have all the power of this technology without worrying about the public cloud aspect of it.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, what I was just mentioning a little while ago, which was, first of all, you've got to start with the ability to do highly integrated and automated detection and prevention. And as the firewall, we can do both of those, not just the detection capabilities. We have the cloud aspect, which allows for a very fast ability to process files and get answers back. And then we're highly leveraged because we use the network. So that all the customers can get the benefit of what other customers are seeing. So generally, those are the high-level architectural differences that allow us to put these kind of growth rates up.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, so we were pleased with the fed business in the first quarter. We saw the end of the year fed spend -- I mean, their end of the year. As we expected we would, despite all the sequestration anxiety. And just I think that's primarily the continued validation of our solution for a very discerning customer base. We like that vertical a lot. And given what their needs are, and what we do for a living, we think that, that will continue to grow nicely for us.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, Michael. Not that we can tell. So I understood from Cisco's reports that they were seeing -- had some anxiety around that. At a big picture for us, our emerging market opportunities grew very, very well in the quarter, on a sequential and year-over-year basis. So we haven't seen any of that kind of impact. We have a smaller base of business than those guys do, but it performed very well for us.
Mark D. McLaughlin: I think it's a good thing for us. The way we think about this is, is that we have -- we have a platform, right? And that years ago was considered just primarily a next-gen firewall, but it's really a platform that has multiple solutions that are highly integrated from the firewall and IPS and filtering and others. And when additional security needs need to be met, we have a unique ability to add services into that platform. So that platform, I think, is really in a mainstream adoption phase of getting taken in by Global 2000, Fortune 100 and companies across the globe. And that's just starting, of displacing all that legacy firewall plus the disparate other pieces of technology. In addition to that, we've got something that's popped up in a relatively recent term on the APT or cybersecurity threats. And that for us is a feature set of our platform. So we get to wrap that in there as well. And the next thing that's coming after that, whatever that may be, we have the ability with our platform architecture to bring that to bear as well. So we've got the mainstream adoption of our core platform plus another accelerator called APT, which is a feature of us on that platform, so we think it's an additive opportunity.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, Jayson. No, it's broad-based. The fed's a unique vertical in that it takes a long time to get yourself established in there, but when you do, it really starts to pay off for you. So I think this is a specific example of the focus we put into the major account program that we've been running for a while. This is a very, like I said, discerning customer, but once they start to adopt your technology, they can start -- they do that in a broad basis, and we're seeing that happen. So it's across-the-board. It's good growth in that vertical. And we think that could continue in time. Of course, we're keeping our eye on the ball, like everybody else, about sequestration and all the budget swirl that's going in Washington, D.C. That's not a helpful thing for anybody, ourselves included. And obviously, as we go into Q2, you don't have the end of the year fed flush that you have in our Q1. But that's all baked into our guidance.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, Gray. Yes, a couple of thoughts on it. The first is that the addressable market opportunity we're playing in is $13 billion going to $16 billion, $17 billion in the next 3 or 4 years. Lots of studies out there suggest that, that grows anywhere on a 5% to 7% CAGR. So just from a greenfield opportunity or new opportunity, 5% to 7%, not a huge growth rate, but it's on a really big number, right? So that's hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars that gets created every year. And we think we do very well there. More importantly than that though is the installed base that you just mentioned and the refresh opportunities that come with that, that are measured in billions of dollars of addressable market opportunity. And we can see just in the displacement of the competitors across-the-board, it doesn't matter who it is, we displace them at very high rates, that we continue to win these refresh opportunities. You've heard from -- like I said a little earlier, it's hard to be mathematically exact in this, but a number of sources of the refresh that comes up every 3 or 4 years, really big ones. And then we think we're at the beginning of one of those.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, so the one that is probably closest akin to just from the way it might be thought of in the market is the threat prevention. So I'd expect over time that we could achieve rates in that zip code, which is pretty high. And then from just a growth perspective, it's been growing at the rates that we saw some of the earlier subscription services grow at over time. It takes time to get them going. The customers have to adopt 5.0. That's why I think it was Greg who asked before, what the percentage of the customer base is on 5.0? Right now, that's a bit over 60% and growing every quarter. So that's good just for our installed base. Yes, so there's a number of moving parts around that, that would lead that to grow over time, but we have very high hopes for that.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, a couple angles on that, Scott. First is, recently, we had said that over 75% of the deals that are coming through the pipeline for us that we're winning, we're the primary firewall in those deals, a bit over 60%. This is the number that we gave a couple of quarters ago. But over 60% of the installed base is we're the primary firewall. So those continue to rise. I said, we take that as one angle on the question. And then the second thing is, our attach rates continue to rise as well, meaning every time they get a product in there, we continue over time to attach more and more services to it. So the combination of those 2 things bodes well for us.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, we said we're going to update that. It's on a semiannual basis. That was the last time we gave that number. That's what it was. And that's up from the last time we talked about that.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, so on the refresh that's specifically just, call it, the standard enterprise, meaning this is a firewall that's used in a standard enterprise environment. That's where the majority of the money sits today. And that's what I meant from a refresh cycle perspective. In the service provider market, as we mentioned before, other than working with the service providers and systems integrators and also the distribution channel, we've had decent penetration with them from a technology perspective in selling our technology to them, meaning they're an enterprise using our technology to protect their own environment. And also an increasing opportunity where they're using our technology to provide a service to their customers, specifically enterprise customers. So we think the 120-gig chassis that we're coming out with is really going to go to that last one I mentioned, which is, the ability to use our technology to provide services to their customers as a service. And that's a new portion of the TAM for us, as far as serviceability. And we expect good things from that over the future.
Mark D. McLaughlin: What's needed is a good macro environment. Unfortunately, that's the answer. I mean, we're doing very well on a relative basis competitively in the market. But in the absence of, I'll call it, a more normalized selling situation, the macro environment, it's tough sledding for everybody.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Erik, yes, a couple of things, it's over 20% in the first quarter is what I just mentioned. And as I mentioned a little while back in a different question, we think that the attach rates can approach the ones that we have today for like threat prevention, particularly in filtering. So much higher than they are today. So we have a lot of hope for that as a driver for us and a tailwind for us in the future.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, on that, we don't break that out specifically, but we're doing well on both places. So we've got about 2,400 total customers on WildFire today. That's up from over 2,000 last quarter. So we're growing the total customers well. And the paid customers are close to 1,000 -- close to 1,000, which is up nicely from last quarter as well. So the more that we continue to grow the free customer base, the more opportunity we have to penetrate that base. And we are doing that. The other thing is just given all the concern about advanced persistent threat in cybersecurity today, we find that WildFire is also a great appointment getter for us just from a prospective on getting into accounts in the first place, and then being able to sell them the full solution, not just that feature set about APT.
Mark D. McLaughlin: It was designed and it's continued to be designed to solve the needs of customers who don't want to send or can't send files up to the public cloud. So I think that's a -- it is a minority segment of the customer base. So our main driver for WildFire is not going to be WildFire 500. But of course, we want to make sure we have total market coverage for anybody who wants a private cloud solution as well.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Great. Thanks again for being on the call today. I want to reiterate my appreciation for the hard work of the Palo Alto Networks team in support of all of our customers and partners as we continue to define the next-generation of enterprise security. And we look forward to updating you next quarter. Thanks, everybody.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: There are a couple of factors, Brent. When you think about the sales mechanisms we put in place around large account selling, we saw some nice traction from some of our larger customers in the first half of the quarter. So that was one thing. And then we have the other part of our sales engine, which is keep-the-lights-on business. And we have a very robust, high-touch and direct fulfillment model with our channel partners helping. So we had a very nice quarter from a linearity standpoint. It helped drive DSOs down nicely quarter-over-quarter. So we felt really good about the quarter.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: That's a good question. We've highlighted this in the past where our growth rates are -- have been so robust, it's hard to call the ball in seasonality. So what we originally thought was, our fiscal Q2 and Q4 may be strongest in terms of year-over-year and sequential growth rates. Q1, obviously, we saw no seasonality, which was a good thing. So what does that portend for the rest of the fiscal year? I would still say that, we would think that Q2 and Q4 would be very good quarters for us. We think Q3 would be, too. But if there's any historical pattern that's shaping up last fiscal Q3 more from a macro standpoint had hurt us. In that quarter, we were still able to grow 50% year-over-year. So we -- it's still too soon to call the ball on seasonality, but we feel good about the prospects of growth for the rest of the fiscal year.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: One follow-on point to that. It really goes to the versatility of our platform. We can sell into any enterprise network in a security need that exists. It could be for firewall. It could be for IDS/IPS, filtering, you go down the list. And the platform approach that we have really gives us a unique position against all the other vendors that are out there.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Well, we think that exiting Q4, we'll be in the low double-digit operating margin on an exit rate basis. And given the size of the market that we're going after, our -- if you look at our revenue growth, our customer additions, if you look at the power of our hybrid SaaS model, we've always said that we want to have more of a slow and steady approach to operating margin expansion throughout the fiscal year and towards our overall long term target model. So we feel like there's going to be room for incremental investment, but we're doing it in a disciplined way where we're generating positive operating margin right now. You look at positive cash flow and free cash flow generation. So the model is working. And when you combine all that together, exiting Q4, we feel pretty comfortable that we'll be in the low double-digit operating margin.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: There are a couple of parts to that question. The first is, remember any time we introduce a new product, we typically see a little bit of pressure on the product gross margin line because we haven't achieved full scale and volume in that product line. So depending on the early level of traction, there's usually a little bit of a negative fluctuation for new platforms that we introduce. To your broader point, we have a target gross margin range of 70% to 73% total. We've been operating above that, which is great. It goes to the -- how we're operating our business in terms of the disciplined approach. Once we get to our target model of 22% to 25% non-GAAP operating margin, we're going to look at all the elements of that target model, including the gross margin. And we'll revisit at that point. But in the interim, we think there's going to be some fluctuation. We're still making investments in our services organization as an example, so you're going to see fluctuations there. But directionally over time, we feel good about the targets, and we'll revisit once we get to the target operating margin.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Unfortunately, we see it going up as we get closer to the trial. We will definitely see increases in IP litigation expenses. We're not calling the ball specifically on the specific dollar amount. But in order to provide full transparency, we are -- we'll break it out every quarter, both on the call and in the supplemental documents that we post on our IR website.
