Mark McLaughlin: Thank, Phil. Good morning. Yes, so we had a very nice quarter again on the WildFire. As you can see, we've added over 400 paying customers so we've got about 1400 paying customers over 3,000 total customers using WildFire. And I think what's going on there is that customers are continuing – the existing customers and new logo customers are continuing to see the value of having a very, very sophisticated detection and prevention, which is critically important capability in a platform that they already own with their existing customer or the opportunity to have it very simply from the subscription service model, if they're a new customer. And when you look at not only just the capabilities of WildFire but then also the total cost of ownership, you know, of that very advanced platform versus what's out there competitively. It's a big difference, right? So I think people are voting with their pocket books and saying, “We'll go for very advanced, very sophisticated detection,” and prevention critically important and in addition to that we get it with the platform if you're an existing customer you already owned and with a TCO that's a big difference just like all of our subscription services are and so we're very happy with the adoption we're seeing.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure, and Gray, it's Mark. Just generally on WildFire we continue to improve WildFire pretty much every quarter to make it market leading so we put out a big release with our PAN 6.0 Operating System recently at the same time some improvements in WildFire, which I mentioned in the script about covering more file types, giving some access into corrupted domains, things that customers really wanted to see with that so we think that, you know, doing that adds continued value and we're going to keep doing that.  We bought a small Company called Morta Security in December. This is a team of really sophisticated folks who are from the NSA US Air Force kind of background, who have been involved on playing offense, you know, at cyber security and because of that, we are developing some really interesting technologies that are looking at like subtle lateral movements sort of things from a malware perspective so you'll see that materialize in the next versions of WildFire and obvious [inaudible] continue to keep that service as market leading around that.  On your end point question, you know, we've talked with lots of customers for a while and about is there a value proposition of I'll call it connecting the network to endpoints from a security perspective under the belief or growing belief probably that endpoints are considered part of the network more and more just because of [inaudible] mobility and [inaudible] it’s pretty positive. So they test that out in the market. We’ve done a number of integrations. You’ve mentioned Bromnium. We’ve done Bit9, Symantec, so with some folks in the market where we connect WildFire in the endpoints and then, you know, see if that's providing value - the customer feedback and that has been pretty positive so we expect to do more of that kind of work in the future. And then your last question on incident responses, we're not going to be in the response business, I don't see us doing that and the reason for that is we just philosophically believe that incident response is kind of a necessity because of the technology is not stopping things in the first place. You have to have [business in response] [ph] to human – you know a very, very capital intensive human remediation effort and we think our job is the technology provider of detection and prevention is to reduce the need for that over time, we think that's exactly what's going to happen as we continue to advance the platform.Gray Powell – Wells Fargo Securities: Understood. Okay. That's very helpful. Congratulations.
Mark McLaughlin: Hey, Rob. We continue to do well against all [competitors] [ph] competitively at the highest level where our main competition will be enterprise firewall vendors such as Check Point, Juniper and Cisco and our win rates continue to be very healthy against anybody regardless who the competition is.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure Keith. We're excited about this so as we've described in the past the highest level of what's going on is our data center [inaudible] changing fairly rapidly both from a throughput perspective and also virtualization.  So, if you think about just a data center use case for next-generation security you've got north/south traffic going in there and those throughput rates continue to grow. That's one of the primary reasons we introduced the 7050 and it’s been a big use case for that.  On east/west, which is a use case that's becoming more and more important to folks because as malware and malicious activity find its way into a network it's trying to get into the data center because that's where the crown jewels are and the idea of moving around inside the data center is more of a concern for folks than it used to be so you want to have the same kind of next-generation security capabilities in the data center there, because that's becoming a highly, highly virtualized environment – all that has to be virtualized. So working with VMware over the last year at their request, taking our virtualized technology, everything we have physically is also been available for virtual context.  What we've done is we've integrated that with their new platform NSX and what that's going to mean is that VMware customers adopt the NSX platform if they would like to have the best and most advanced next-generation security of highly virtual environment in the data center, they’re going to be able to purchase at the same time something called the Palo Alto Networks [addition] [ph] for NSX, which is our virtualized capabilities but really integrated at the orchestration layer so that when you're, say, provisioning or deprovisioning virtual machines inside that data center, security is just going to automatically follow up so this is not to throw the SDN word around but sort of SDN-ish nature about you don't have to do anything now that you used to have to do from a security perspective. Your policies are just going to automatically follow along with those virtual machines. That's important mostly for security and then also for ease-of-use and that reduces the selling objection for VMware when they're trying to get people to adopt, you know, NSX when they say, “Well, what about security? What about this new wave of threats inside data centers and virtualized environments? What are you going to doing about that?” This gives the answer to their customers to say, “We have the best next-generation technology very tightly integrated [across] [ph] networks.”  And last thing – and I know I'm going on for a minute – is from an availability perspective, this –and addition for NSX is available in just a few weeks time. From a go-to-market perspective with VMware, their salesforce and partner base will be able to and start to sell this in late spring or early summer so that's when we expect to see adoption begin is when VMware's – the power of their sales machine and partner community falls in behind us. So sorry for the long answer but that's it.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, so we think that demand there is coming from what I just said which is the data center use case just because of increasing throughput requirements and we have evidence of that from our 5060 so our 5050 series is selling very well into that use case and the assumption there from customers telling us was, “Well, if you like the 5060 you'll love the 7050, right, just because of – you know it's a bigger in chassis.”  So we expect that that's going to be true in that the data center requirements grow over time you know that's a fantastic answer for customers to grow in with others through the requirement. And in addition to that it gets us the ability to have the conversation from a new customer set or a news case for customer set, which is in the service provider market where in the absence of having 100 gig-plus chassis, you know, using our technology for sell-through into the SMB base is – was a short conversation just from a throughput requirement so this gets us the ability to start to have that conversation with us the service providers.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, I’ll start, Greg. Yes on the refresh cycle comment, we heard anecdotally that's a possibility that there might be a larger refresh cycle coming than, you know, say, in the last couple years and that's based on a few data points.  One is conversations with our partner community. The second is with our major account focus it's our own guys who are now more and more the Fortune 100 Global 2000 accounts, having longer term road map conversations and more visibility in architecture and so the commentary around that was that might be possible. I mean it happens every number of years and it might be possibly a time, where we might see a larger refresh cycle. It's anecdotal. I think it's hard to say for sure one way or the other.  The way we look at it is if that is the case and we have seen the industry generally reporting decent numbers, you know, in the last quarter for – even our competitors that looks like, you know, they're doing better than you had in the past, so maybe another data point around that. But if that is the case with their out sized market share gains that's only beneficial for us if this were in fact there.
Mark McLaughlin: No – it's Mark, Jason. Now, we’re going to be full speed ahead there. We've seen in the emerging markets, even though it's a small base for us outsized returns even greater than what we're seeing in the – and as you would expect in the established markets so we're not pausing on that and we expect that we continue to do very well in.Jayson Noland – Robert W. Baird : Thanks guys.
Mark McLaughlin: Walter, it's Mark. So on the product growth side, we've got a pretty good product growth here 7% sequentially, 30-plus [ph], you know, close to 31% year-over-year and we would expect to be able to continue product growth rates at these numbers – north of these numbers, so that expectation would be set before and that's the plans we had.  I think just at a big picture level on this too, the way we think about this is we're trying to grow the total revenue base of the Company. Actually, there's a number of things that Steffan went through that are in the mix of that and ones you can see on the subscription services side grows extremely well and that's because customers buy those generally in lieu of buying products, right?  So we're very happy with very strong product growth of at 30% – close to 31% at the size and scale we have there. And then we're extremely happy with the subscription services revenue. When you look at it – we're running close to $120 million run rate SaaS business in this Company growing it close to 75% year-over-year and that's because people are choosing those in lieu of other people’s products. So it's the combination of those things that's the powerhouse here from model perspective and we're not going any further than billings deferred – all the things, wonderful things happening, from the model to see how powerful that is. But specifically in your question yeah, we have strong product growth at a very high run rate right now and scale and we expect that to continue.
Mark McLaughlin: The approach that we've taken which was really based on market feedback early on was the first thing was to try to sell the subscription services as services instead of just bundling it into the product. That was obviously a good idea a number of years ago from a model perspective. And related to that was simplicity.  So when you look at the competitors and feedback that we've heard years ago from the customer base is it was very complicated pricing models, you know, pricing sheets go on for pages and pages and pages and we just took a different approach called this 20% of the list price of the device and people reacted very well to that because it's – one, it’s simple and the TCO is very, very obvious around that. You know we have for the subscription services.  Now in the future if we were to add additional services and our intent would be that we would do that, yeah, we'll think about how we price all those – when you start to add up some numbers or subscription services at, you know, a 20% of list pricing that might get you to think about why we would change it later on but right now the market was reacting very well to the way we've packaged this. So…
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, so the way we look at certifiers, Brent, is three opportunities. One is the most simple, which is service providers are enterprises so they are likely customers for our own technology to protect their own networks and we’ve actually – that's been our first penetration point with all the major service providers is just having them buy our technology to protect their own networks and that's a good business for us and continues to grow.  The second area we looked at is many of the large service providers run pretty good sized systems integration business and their systems integrators for large enterprises and often do outsourcing for networks and in that case having them resell our technology as part of those offerings is an area we focus on and we've actually done very well there with them as well.  The third area is service providers using our technology on a sell-through basis like as a service. Sell-through basis – we offer a security – usually into the lower end markets. That's an area where we haven't penetrated service providers yet intentionally just because of the technology requirements and some of the support requirements around that. We're very focused on the enterprise market as we continue to be right now because we're in enormous growth in the enterprise.  But the 7050 is a throughput device that allows us to begin the conversation with the service provider to say, “If we wanted to attack that third opportunity with you, now that we have the chassis can we do that?” And the answer to that has been, “Yes.” There are different requirements for different service providers you have to get to other than just throughput and we'll engage with those guys as we've started to on what those would look like and road map around this. But that's how we think about service providers is it's not just a one trick pony. There's multiple ways to interact with them.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, hi Jonathan. It's Mark. So EMEA has been challenging for us and for others for quite some time, given all of the macro environment over there but it seems to be improving, you know, on a quarter-by-quarter basis from a sentiment perspective and then I think sentiment leads to spending as well. So this last quarter, we’re very happy with what we saw from a selling perspective and revenue perspective and a selling perspective in EMEA. And, you know, for the first time for us, I'm not sure about other folks but every sub region in EMEA that we organize around did very well for first time in a long time, which was fantastic. We've been seeing you know, some regions do much better and some regions do less better like Southern Europe but even Southern Europe performed very well for us in this last quarter so we like EMEA. It's only about as we said before 23%, 24% of our revenue base so we have a lot of head room to get over there.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, we would expect that from a refresh perspective, given what Steffan said about extremely low churn and higher renewal rates for the Company that we would do well in refresh cycles. I think for us in refreshing, if you think about the history of the Company and size or magnitude of the revenue base of the Company and a refresh cycle generally being three to five years, call that, you know, 2010, 2011 is when the Company actually of any size from a revenue perspective that a refresh would matter one way or the other for us, so anything prior to that I think has been refreshed but it's small numbers off a small base. It's after that where the numbers get bigger and we would expect that we would do extremely well from a refresh perspective with our existing customers because all our indications, customer satisfaction reports, things we hear from the channel, things we heard from the customers are very, very high satisfaction rates with our technology. That's also obviously an opportunity for us to have a further conversation with a lot of customers about additional services that they may not be using when we have the chance to talk about refreshes. But as a general matter, you know, our growth has been and continues to come from displacing competitors when they're up for refresh so refresh for us is a positive thing whenever that's going to come upon us.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Karl. Well big picture the answer would be no, so from an APT perspective as a threat that – a kind of threat that has been highly discussed and vocalized in the last year or two and I also expect this would be a big topic at RSA – it's very well from us because what we're selling is a platform – and the platform is able to address from a detection prevention standpoint APT.  The reason for that and the interesting thing about the platform architecture and hence some of the business model that flows from that is of the aspects of our platform, the people have been using for quite some time to combat threat, we're all native, you know, to the platform. We've chosen to monetize it from a service perspective but it's when they're operating together is that’s the real – at the juice, that’s the power. So we like the fact, for example, that wildfire is selling very well from a subscription perspective but it's the – it’s wildfire is part of that overall platform with all of the other technology now that's really delivering the value from an APT detection and prevention standpoint for customers. So the reason I mentioned that is that our salesforce is very conversant on how to talk to the platform itself and what that could do from a security perspective. And now if you want to talk about the newest thing called APT, here is how that fits into that security landscape and the platform all do for you. So from a selling perspective, where the team has been able to discuss any subscription service in the concept of the platform for quite some time and has been doing that pretty successfully.  You know from an M&A perspective, we've said for awhile that we've got a very large addressable market opportunity here in enterprise network security of, you know, big kind of these numbers you look at $13 billion growing to $15 billion in the next few years and that the product we have today and the road map we have today organically allows us to address the vast majority, if not the entire total addressable market there but if we saw opportunities where we could accelerate the product road map by, you know, buying a small Company along the way, we would be interested and we demonstrated that with Morta, which brings us an acceleration of the road map on things related to wildfire and then also if there was team expansion opportunities outside of that were interesting over time but they were very close in from what we do for a living and we’d be interested in that as well. So I think you're right. I think you'll hear a lot of APT at RSA. We like that since we have a fantastic answer and solution for that. The place – and it’s a much bigger picture answer from a platform perspective and everybody else who were –we're hopeful that you're correct on that and it gives us a chance to get more potential customers.
Mark McLaughlin: Okay. Thanks, operator, and thanks, everybody, for being on the call this morning. I also want to thank the entire Palo Alto Networks' team for all their hard work and support, and as well as customers and partners to help us continue to find the next generation of enterprise security. We appreciate your time this morning. Take care.
Steffan Tomlinson: Renewal rates continue to remain very high. They're in line with what we disclosed in the past. On support in particular, it's close to 100%. For subscriptions, it's trending north of 85% so we feel very comfortable about the recurring nature of our business model.
Steffan Tomlinson: Greg, on the product gross margin question as it relates to the 7050, with our chassis and one line card that's for very much in line with our standard product gross margins, as we add line cards to a chassis, the gross margin profile actually improves and it gets above our standard product gross margin targets internally. So the more fully built out each chassis we sell is, it will be a positive tail wind for product gross margins down the road.
Steffan Tomlinson: Certainly. On linearity in the quarter, remember our fiscal Q2 encompasses December, which has a calendar year and budget flush component of it and we definitely participated in that. So we had a very good month one and month two of the quarter where a lot of the sales came in November and December and so that definitely helped with linearity in the quarter and we came in with a tail wind as well, so DSOs did come down sequentially. You are very pleased with that. And when you look at, you know, the construct of calendar year and budget flush we really saw it across-the-board in nearly every vertical, which we were very pleased with, given the nature of the advanced persistent threat landscape out there and also just the struggles that many companies are going through trying to do a fork lift upgrade of existing legacy technology to our platform, its created a lot of disruption, a lot of opportunity for us. So those call it macro dynamics have played to our strength and that shows up in our billings and revenue and business momentum.
