Nikesh Arora: Thanks for the question. Yes. Look as we highlighted in the prior quarter, we made changes in our sales incentives last year to drive Prisma and Cortex because honestly trying -- there's very few examples when I came to enterprise security of companies building a second or third product line to first product line. We spent a lot of effort of the team trying to figure out how can we build where the opportunities were related on cloud, related on automation and machine learning and we made some significant bets both in terms of acquisitions and resources in driving Prisma and Cortex. That changed and trying to get salespeople to learn, appreciate, understand and sell these things caused them to pivot hard, because they're going to make a lot of money selling Prisma and Cortex and they did. What they did was because they're focused on this is only finite resources, they didn't go and knock on enough doors to create Firewall demand. And as you know there's a cycle from demand to closure which has its own motion takes us on time. And we discovered that much later in the year, while we're delighted with the success of Prisma and Cortex in Q4, we realized that we have been systematically rolling the opportunity to have a large pipeline going into Q1, which is why you saw our Q1 results. We were optimistic that we would be able to accelerate that effort and try and get deals closed sooner. But unfortunately, it was hard to fight the tape there is a cycle, there is a motion and our customers are used to it and that's what is in front of us. Hence, we had to revise our product efforts. In terms of what's going on in the market, yes SD-WAN is a trend as you see it. There are other people out there who are doing well with SD-WAN. There are SD-WAN companies out there dealing with SD-WAN. We have SD-WAN partners. Every time we go sell Prisma Access as part of our SaaS-based solution, either we now use our own SD-WAN or customers choose other SD-WAN package. Definitely, SD-WAN is a trend. And we think as people go to the cloud, as network architectures change, MPLS starts to get pulled off of and the internet becomes a new network, we will see people leverage more SD-WAN capabilities. So it is an area of focus. It continues to remain a focus. And we're excited by the progress we've made since December in terms of getting customer interest in our solution. Other than that, honestly I think this is an execution issue. I don't see that the market is changing. So we've got to take our medicine and going to go ahead and skip.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. So as you know on Cortex we have two products in the larger category of security automation applying AI and machine learning. We have a product of Cortex XDR, which in the simplest form competes in the XDR category, which is the next-generation of the EDR category where some of the newest sort of endpoint vendors have migrated. And there we keep adding more data sources into our injection capability. So XDR is doing well. Our primary customers have come mostly from Palo Alto customers without our firewall and some new customers who want our endpoint capabilities from the XDR perspective. And that business is doing well. What we announced this morning was the Cortex XSOAR, which is the next evolution of what was Demisto. In the past, we sold Demisto to our customers. And the constant feedback we got it will be amazing to track in terms of management will be part of this capability and we would have to go stitch it on top of our capabilities to automate and our playbooks on. So, the rest the team has valued and merged management in the capability that was Demisto and hence we defined the XSOAR. The industry analysts have been calling for this. They've been calling for this trend. So we are first in launching that capability. Purely from a mechanical perspective, every customer who is a customer of Demisto should want an upgrade to this capability. Additionally, it should open up a larger market for us with Demisto Intel market which is we think probably the same size of the SOAR market, so very excited about it.
Nikesh Arora: But thank you for asking a Cortex question. I was thinking that question wouldn't come towards until the end of the call.
Nikesh Arora: Yes thanks Walter, I think that’s a good question. Look, from a buyer perspective, every customer is on a different life cycle in terms of both where their infrastructure is today and where they're trying to go tomorrow, whether they're adding more data centers or going to the cloud or trying to replace their sort of traffic coming back home and trying to build some sort of a hybrid cloud plus data center infrastructure. So, the trend as I highlighted and the last answer is that, we are seeing SD-WAN being asked for. We are seeing buyers looking for SD-WAN solutions with security. In some cases that involves a box solution. In some cases involves a software solution. In our case, we have the opportunity now with SD-WAN from the time to deliver both. We can give you a box that gives you the SD-WAN capability. We can give you Prisma Access that allows you to deploy SD-WAN into the cloud. So from that perspective, there's definitely activity on the net. So, re-architecting the network and trying to get more sort of evolution underway. Customers who have large data centers that go through their own refresh cycle. So we're not seeing anything big that would give us a reason to believe that things are shifting. On the margin, our solutions given by cloud versus boxes would have caused some difference probably, but nothing we see at this point in time.
Nikesh Arora: I'm going to let Kathy answer the parity question but I won't tell you from our product revenue forecast, we've looked at the pipeline and looked at the early indicators we think that in Q3 its going to continue to be tough but we should be able to get to positive growth by Q4. And our teams are hard at work to make sure that we reverse these trends and that next year we're back to that market or above-market growth in the firewall space. In terms of how long it takes for parity for NGS, I think that's a math problem. If you look at our forecast we've given you for NGS and you look at our firewall forecast you should be able to derive that answer. I'm going to let Kathy answer that question in case.
Nikesh Arora: No again, I think on a geographic basis, there is no trend thing. As you know that Europe and Asia generally have lagged the cloud trend globally but they're slowly getting onboard. We're seeing companies in Europe also talk about hybrid cloud solutions, talk about thinking about changing network architectures. They generally lagged some of the U.S. companies in that context. So we're seeing traction in different parts of the world of varying degrees. So no, I think the market is only going to get bigger on an international basis. And as Kathy said, we're all watching the coranavirus I think you all look at the market today. I think whatever impact happens because that will happen across the industry will not be specific to any one company but we have some – we might have less exposure compared to others but I think that will be more of a global impact around that trend.
Nikesh Arora: Look, we have a very capable responsible intelligent sales team out there. And they understood the math when we did the math in the last year in terms of taking the multiples we gave them to go sell Prisma and Cortex and they did as we requested them to do. We have balanced those. We have a lot of scrutiny. We have a lot of inspections going on in the Firewall space, and our teams are responding. It's just -- honestly it takes time. Firewall cycle has a time element to it. And call it less judgment in the last quarter when we look at the deal pipeline. We're being too optimistic that we could close a lot more of them in this quarter than we have been able to. The deals haven't gone away. They're just going to take time. And we're just trying to make sure that we are no longer setting unrealistic expectations of closing deals in our pipeline and giving a reasonable forecast both to you and setting right -- the right expectations from our team.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, thank you for the question. Look I'll tell you a funny story. When I did the customer tour when I started Palo Alto Networks, I got a lot of curiosity meetings because people wanted to know who's this new guy who's come into cybersecurity want to talk to me. And I went there and talked about firewalls and I told them about all of our subscriptions and many that are polite and listen to me nicely and bow their heads. But they've been buying firewalls for 15 years. And it might have been new and exciting for me. They've been buying it for a long time. And the CIs of CCS were interested, but this was on top of mind. What has changed in the last 18 months is that we talk about cloud transformation and how the cloud transformation has to be secured with Prisma Access and Prisma Cloud. We talk about their stock how their stock is getting too much data. And then in the expense of that data to be able to be more secure. So now we're having real conversations where they want to talk about this transformation. And slowly and steadily it's emerging that we're one of the few companies which have those products and are committing to developing them further with our customers than anybody else in the market. And I would challenge the industry to show us who else is out there talking about these topics with our customers. So the conversations are really, really good. They're actually meaningful. We are seeing a lot of conversation in our network transformation. We are seeing a lot of conversation with customers we want to be in multiple clouds. One year ago it was -- they were going to a single cloud. A year later, they found they have instances of different cloud infrastructure is being used by different parts of the organization. So they want a multi-cloud security solution. So the conversations are changing in terms of what people are talking about. In terms of what they want, I don't think you're going to see available on-prem firewalls anytime soon because there are many players in the space and customers have a motion and a way of buying these things and capitalizing them. So if somebody wants it, I'm sure we can construct a financial solution for them that allows them to buy that way. But honestly, we're not seeing demand for financial creativity to buy firewalls. I think there is going to be some conversations in the future about how these architectures over time need to be fungible that if I'm going to have a data center and a cloud install how do I make sure I can move things fungibly between them. And our teams are working hard or trying to understand that need and see if we need to make any forays in that direction.
Nikesh Arora: Well, I think that's a very good question and I'm going to let Kathy respond in a second, but I think this is a point I tried to highlight in my beginning of the remarks that our teams are really excited. We're delivering the billing numbers we have on tap. We're just delivering them in the wrong box as per your expectations. So delivering them on Cortex and Prisma more aggressively than we expected and we're seeing a product mix. So, we're making it hold, which is interesting, which is a short-term financial impact, which changes our revenue and EPS in the very short term. But this is phenomenal news for the long term. We have deferred revenues rising better than it has in the past. So, I will let Kathy add more color to that.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, thanks for the question. Look, the -- we have a 10b5-1 plan filed which allow us to buy stock back out of $1 billion authorization at certain levels. And when we looked at the strength of our billings, we look at the growth trajectory of the company and our comfort in the management team and we look to the product thing. We anticipated that you would not take kindly to our product execution issue. We think this is a very good company in the long term. So, we feel the best thing we can do for our shareholders is to return capital by buying back shares because, we think they're very, very attractive at these levels.
Nikesh Arora: And if you look at that $3.5 billion of cash on balance sheet, so we've already outlined our M&A strategy which says we're going to be doing tuck-ins to our product strategy as opposed to try and go do any big M&A. So, from that perspective, we felt given that generate close to $1 billion of free cash flow every year, that gives us enough financial flexibility to be able to do this at this point in time.
Nikesh Arora: Yes look as in any good sales organization, you have to look at your deals, you have to look at pipeline, you have to like your conversion capabilities, you have to look at the stages of deals that progress. You have to look at how many customers are evaluating your firewalls versus how many customers are up for refresh. So we track all those metrics. And we're seeing – seeing positive indications of those metrics that our pipeline is robust. And as I said, we are optimistic in this quarter that we have been able to close a lot more sooner than normal but we think they're going to take a normal time. But we are seeing those indicators trend up which gives us confidence about our Q3 and Q4 revival expectations from our product business. At least not as much as we had expected earlier but we still believe that as some of the earlier apps is minus 9% of trough, yes we believe it's a trough. And we believe by Q4 we'll have – we'll be in positive territory and hopefully revive back to market – market plus growth next year.
Nikesh Arora: All right. Well, thank you for your question. Yeah. Look I think – I will repeat some of what I said. Last year, when we did our forecast, we would be delighted with some of the Next-Generation Security growth and we expect product growth to continue. And majority of that happened. But in Q4, we saw product slowdown. And we saw Next-Generation Security take up, because our teams have been focusing on generating a lot of commissions for themselves. And we look to the number in absolute. And as for analysts indicated in absolute we are delivering the billings. We are still delivering industry-leading growth in cybersecurity. There's no other company of our scale and size delivering the numbers that we are. So I know you're very focused on the product piece that's but so are we let's focus on that. You talked about the competitive activity. I think it's unfair to look at spreads. These numbers are different. Fortinet has different revenue than we do. And absolutely, yes, there is still a spread. They operate in different segments we operate in different segments. They've been seeing strength in SD-WAN. They've been seeing strength in the low end market where the computer price. We've looked at the entire market. We inspect every deal and every deal where we're competing with other people now. So part of our competitive data is based on customer-by-customer understanding, who we're competing with and if they're not. So two things. One is – sorry – giving – 
Nikesh Arora: I thought I had you by saying we're going to market growth or better because I didn't want to predict the firewall market. That's a very good question. Thank you. Look, the reason we're not expecting to grow faster than market from a share perspective because we believe we will be taking share. We will be taking share in the software form factor. Every solution that can solve -- that is sold by a box by some of our competitors, we sold by VM. We sold by a container VM. We sold by a Prisma Access delivered by the cloud solution. All these things do not classify as product revenue in the way we report. All these things end up in next-generation security. So, this is the trap, we fall into in terms of how you recognize box sales versus software sales and the transition companies like ours have to go so. So yes, we definitely expect to be taking market share from everybody else. We think that we'll be recommending software solutions to our customers with SD-WAN with VMs for the cloud, with container VMs s for containers. But they're not going to follow the product box. So, I believe I can sustain product growth at market levels? Yes, which means I have a lot of new share and the market on my boxes and I will take share with software form factors because most transitions are being discussed in software form factors and not as straightforward replace the box A and box B.
Nikesh Arora: Thank you. Before I close, I want to thank everybody again for joining us. We look forward to seeing many of you at RSA and an upcoming investor conferences. But I also would like to thank our customers, our partners and most importantly, our employees around the world who worked hard to deliver the quarter. Thank you everyone. Have a great evening.
Kathy Bonanno: Yes Walter, thanks for that question. We did obviously not guide explicitly on products. But I think for the most part, the analysts were projecting less growth than we have seen historically on the product line which was appropriate and reflected in our guidance. And so obviously that changed a little bit and we've had to adjust our guidance this quarter but we still feel -- we still feel really great about the longer-term view, especially given the performance of our next-gen security. And we definitely think as Nikesh mentioned that we believe that what we have is an execution issue and that we know how to compete in firewall sales and that we'll be able to correct the situation and improve that growth as well.
Kathy Bonanno: Yeah. We – the details of the settlement are confidential, so we won't be describing a lot in our Q or on this call, but it was related to an IP settlement which is pretty common in the industry.
Kathy Bonanno: Yes. We've obviously been really thrilled with the strong subscription performance, not just NGS, but also our cash subscriptions are growing nicely. And we've introduced some new subscriptions DNS and SDN which is just very new. And in addition, we've introduced a platinum support product as well. So, all of those are helping contribute to strong subscription growth which we feel really terrific about obviously. So, look we left our NGS full year guidance the same. We didn't move that this time. But we are feeling really terrific about all of those numbers. And the product decline is certainly the driver of all of the change to our revenue and billings guidance.
Kathy Bonanno: We're having a hard time hearing you. Sorry, can you speak up? We're having a hard time hearing you.
Kathy Bonanno: Yes. As I mentioned in the response to the last question, we are seeing strong subscription growth. Not just in our NGS subscriptions but also in our attached subscriptions including some of the newer subscriptions that we've launched which are contributing. And will launch yes in the future.
Kathy Bonanno: Yeah. I just want to be sure that we haven't guided to product revenue. And I think, if you go back and look at our history of actually when we've missed, you really don't find there are many quarters where we missed. And probably, we do pretty well compared to those companies would be my guess.
Kathy Bonanno: Yes, we did see a small uptick in our discount rates this quarter. We feel like on the balance with the price -- the price increase that we took on product, we were still at least on par maybe a little bit better off with the price increase.
Kathy Bonanno: Yes. Well, attach subscriptions have obviously performed really well in the most recent quarter along with the NGS subscription growth as I've already talked about. The reality is, we've sold a number of enterprise agreements which customers buy our subscriptions in advance and then they tend to buy more product as time goes on that's sort of part of the agreement that we strike with them. And so, we are expecting subscription growth to continue to be strong with the new subscriptions that we're adding and with continued strong attach rates. And then as we return product growth to higher levels, obviously that will help with the general attached subscriptions as well.
