Kathleen Bonanno: Thank you, Nikesh. Before I start, I'd like to note that except for revenue and billings figures, all financial figures are non-GAAP, and growth rates are compared to the prior year period unless stated otherwise. All current and prior periods financials discussed are reflected under ASC 606 as we adopted the new standard as of August 1, 2018. In the third quarter, we continued to add new customers at a healthy clip and further expand our existing base. We did this while balancing investments in our recently acquired businesses and maintaining a focus on profitability. In Q3, total revenue grew 28% to a record $726.6 million. Looking at growth by geography. The Americas grew 28%, EMEA grew 26% and APAC grew 29%. Q3 product revenue of $278.4 million grew 28% compared to the prior year. Our SaaS-based subscription revenue of $258.8 million increased 35%. Support revenue of $189.4 million increased 20%. In total, subscription and support revenue of $448.2 million increased 28% and accounted for 62% share of total revenue. Turning to billings. Q3 total billings of $821.9 million increased 13%. Q3 current billings were $799.5 million net of acquired deferred revenue, up 25% year-over-year. The dollar weighted contract duration for new subscription and support billings in the quarter remains at approximately 3 years, but declined by 4 months year-over-year due to the strength of our cloud business and fewer multi-year deals. Total deferred revenue at the end of Q3 was $2.6 billion, an increase of 27%. In addition to robust new customer acquisition, we continue to increase our wallet share with existing customers. Our top 25 customers, all of which made a purchase this quarter, spent a minimum of $38.7 million in lifetime value in Q3, a 35% increase over the $28.7 million in Q3 of fiscal '18. Q3 gross margin was 76.5%, which was up 30 basis points compared to last year. Q3 operating margin was 20.9%, a decline of 50 basis points year-over-year and includes a headwind of approximately $7 million of net expense associated with our recent acquisitions. We ended the third quarter with 6,503 employees. On a GAAP basis for the third quarter, net loss declined by 50% to $20.2 million or $0.21 per basic and diluted share. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter grew 30% to $130.1 million or $1.31 per diluted share. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for Q3 was 22%. Turning to cash flows and balance sheet items. We finished April with cash, cash equivalents and investments of $3.7 billion. Q3 cash flow from operations of $296.4 million increased 23%. Free cash flow was $276.1 million, up 30% at a margin of 38%. Adjusting for cash charges associated with our headquarters in Santa Clara, free cash flow in the quarter was $279.8 million, up 27% at a margin of 38.5%. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $20.3 million. DSO was 51 days, a decline of 6 days during the prior year period. Turning now to guidance and modeling points. For fiscal Q4 '19, we expect revenue to be in the range of $795 million to $805 million, an increase of 21% to 22% year-over-year. We expect Q4 '19 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $1.41 to $1.42, which includes expenses related to the Demisto acquisition and the proposed acquisitions of Twistlock and PureSec using approximately 100 million to 102 million shares. Before I conclude, I'd like to provide some additional modeling points. We expect full year billings to grow approximately 21% year-over-year, which includes the impact of shorter contract lengths. Our Q4 non-GAAP EPS guidance includes approximately $15 million of net expense or $0.12 per share, attributable to a full quarter run rate of our Demisto acquisition and the proposed acquisitions of Twistlock and PureSec. Our Q4 EPS guidance also includes an expected $0.02 impact attributable to U.S. tariffs on Chinese origin goods. Excluding these acquisition and tariff expenses, we would expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $1.55 to $1.56. We expect our Q4 non-GAAP effective tax rate to remain at 22%. CapEx in Q4 will be approximately $35 million to $40 million with approximately $20 million related to our headquarters in Santa Clara. Finally, turning to free cash flow. For the full year, we continue to expect an adjusted free cash flow margin of approximately 36%. The adjustments include onetime items such as the expected settlement of our 2019 convertible debt and cash flow associated with the additional investment in our headquarters in Santa Clara. You can review these adjustments to free cash flow in our supplemental financial information document, which is posted on our Investor Relations website. With that, I'd like to open the call for questions. Operator, please poll for questions.
Kathleen Bonanno: Yeah. And Keith, on the contract length question. As you mentioned, we did see a decline in contract length -- or as we mentioned, of 4 months year-over-year. And there are a couple of things driving that. One is that we had very strong performance in our cloud products. The mix of our Prisma public cloud this quarter was very strong. We saw terrific growth as Nikesh mentioned in his prepared remarks. So we're really excited about the trajectory of that business and the opportunity for us there. Additionally, we are focusing more on doing - making sure that we have good annual recurring revenue in our contracts, and that's our primary focus this year. And so some of it is customer preference. Some of it is us trying to structure deals to maximize that annual recurring revenue stream. And so both of those, the combination of those things are driving the average contract length down, and we think both of those things are really terrific for our business, and we're very pleased with the results.
Kathleen Bonanno: Yeah. Walter, I think you're correct that over time, as our business becomes more cloud-based and more SaaS subscription-based, we will see our customers wanting to buy the way they buy other SaaS products, and that tends to be more towards the 1 year duration. So over time, I do think that, that shift will happen. In this quarter, though, and this year, we've also been very focused on the rest of the business and just making sure that we're doing deals that preserve that annual recurring revenue stream, and Nikesh is raising his hand. He wants to jump in.
Kathleen Bonanno: But I'll just add that the reason we're focused on doing this is because that we believe it's ultimately better for us in the long run financially and will improve our cash flows.
Kathleen Bonanno: Well, support revenue growth, 20%, was pretty strong year-over-year. And one thing to just keep in mind about support is, well, there are a couple of things to keep in mind. One, it includes professional services, which can vary from year-to-year and quarter-to-quarter. And then the other thing is that as we continue to grow our subscription business, which we've got a lot of our billings now coming from non-attached and revenue now coming from non-attached, those don't have the same concept of support attached to those offerings. So that's just another thing to keep in mind when you consider support.
Kathleen Bonanno: Yes. It's not a massive number for us, and it will be disclosed in our Q again this quarter. And you can do the math on the difference between deferred revenue and that number. The number that we provided on the earnings call is the current billings number, which grew nicely at 25% year-over-year. And that's a metric that I think most analysts have been monitoring for a number of years and have been asking us about over the years. And so I think that continuing to focus on that number is important, along with our revenue growth, obviously.
Kathleen Bonanno: Yes. We did talk about the adjustments that we're making in the quarter. So the adjustments will be particular to the Q4 number. But additionally, we tend to have more expense in that quarter, more commissions expense in that quarter. And so we're comfortable with the full year guidance of 36%.
Kathleen Bonanno: Yeah. So we did see a really strong product growth number, and we're obviously very thrilled with that. The new products that we have introduced over time remain very competitive in the market. And our sales teams, as we mentioned, are doing a good job selling those products. We're seeing some improvement, as Nikesh said, in terms of sales cycles for the cloud products that we're selling. There seems to be a lot of demand for that, and it doesn't take a lot of convincing. But overall, I wouldn't say that there's been significant change in terms of our sales cycle for selling the vast majority of the products that we sell.
Kathleen Bonanno: Yes. Well, when people talk about refresh, they tend to talk about it in 2 different ways. So I'll just talk about both. One is the just general market refresh, and that is going on all of the time, right? That's how we get most of our new firewall customers if somebody is refreshing their - on a firewall refresh, and they are replacing old firewalls with new firewalls. And that's how we go in and take market share and continue to land-and-expand, right? The other refresh that people talk about is our own internal refresh. So our own customers having sort of reached a 5, 7 year life as their firewalls, and they are replacing those firewalls. And that is a question that we get asked a lot about is that driving our growth in the quarter And certainly, it contributes every quarter, but as we've said for a number of quarters, we think that, that opportunity is more in front of us than behind us because the number of cohorts - the cohort sizes just get larger and larger over time. And we have a portion of refresh in our numbers in this quarter, a portion in last quarter, but it's not the primary driver of our growth. Yet we still are very focused on that opportunity. We think it's a great opportunity for us in the future. And we don't -- we're very encouraged and are focused on getting that refresh opportunity, both the general market refresh opportunity as we continue to take share and our own internal refresh opportunity.
Kathleen Bonanno: Well, look, we'll provide guidance at that point when we're ready to do so. We've provided guidance for the full year, which takes into account the contract length issue that we discussed earlier. So we're not ready to provide long-term guidance on either one of those metrics. But on the operating margin, you can see, this year, we've been operating within the framework. We've improved margins despite the fact that, well, on an organic basis, which is what our framework has been about. And so we're very focused on continuing to ensure that we're working towards bottom line profitability, at the same time, that we're focused on growing the top line. And I wouldn't expect that to change.
Kathleen Bonanno: Yeah. I think that, that makes sense. The changes in mix are happening gradually over time. We did see really great strength in our cloud products this quarter, which was a great thing for us, obviously. And so we're continue to expect strength there, and we've guided assuming that strength. But for the rest of it, I think you're absolutely right that it's not going to be an overnight transition. It'll happen gradually over time.
Kathleen Bonanno: Yeah. Our sales and marketing teams, as Nikesh mentioned, I don't really think that it reflects any sort of big change in the business that we have been hiring sales in Americas in particular to drive more coverage. And so it takes a while for those expenses to actually result in top line revenue in particular, right? So as we see those reps ramp and as we cover the math and get more -- get that Americas number up even higher, hopefully, we'll see that change over time, again.
Nikesh Arora: I think, Walter, that's a fair question. But if you look at our core business of firewalls, we're doing really, really good in firewalls. Our teams are innovating. We had a DNS security as-a-service, as a subscription. We are working on some more interesting things. Hopefully, we shall be able to share more about them in upcoming quarters. But there is innovation going on for sure in our core business where our firewall capabilities and other capabilities around it are developing. That's where we have strength. We have hundreds of engineers, if not thousands, working on our core networking capability and firewall security capability. We also had bills capability around endpoint with Traps and Secdo, which as I mentioned, we are rated best in the number of unmissed attack vectors as far as MITRE's test was concerned. So clearly, we have that core capability. Cloud was an area where all of you are asking the question, how will Palo Alto networks make the transition to cloud? Do we have the core capability. I think it's fair to say we have used the RedLock contingent and the evident team to create the core for the cloud, but at the same time, we didn't want to wait. With Twistlock having ordered 250 customers who are using them for container security, we didn't want to wait. We also, at the same time, launching a vulnerability scanning capability in RedLock, which is the early steps towards containers. But our customers want the entire thing. They want the full capability for container security. They want best-of-breed. So it became incumbent and imperative that we create this combination of RedLock and Twistlock. And honestly, if you go back and think, the price we paid for RedLock versus the fact that it crossed $100 million run rate this quarter means we must have done a good deal because in two quarters, we're able to take that product and deploy it to our -- across our entire sales force. Yes, we have cloud capability. We have it in our sales force. We have it in our RedLock team. We have it in our Twistlock team. We should be able to put the RedLock, and Twistlock, and PureSec capability together, and use our core team and our cloud sales teams to be able to go and create more revenue in this product. Because I think right now, there is a TAM of over $2 billion in cloud security, which is unserved. There are not enough products. There are not enough salespeople going out and demonstrating the product of to those customers. So right now, it's really a question of sort of a land grab, going out there and demonstrating the product to the customer, being able to deploy in their enterprise, and being able to have people who understand these products well enough to be able to solve them.
Nikesh Arora: I'm going to jump in, Walter. I think, look, I know you guys are all getting excited about the billings number. And trust me, we stated it left, right and center to make sure that we were not missing anything in the billings number. I will tell you the underlying fundamentals of our business continue to be strong. We like the customer interest, we like the fact that they want to buy more security services from us. The two effects that are happening, one is clearly the unattached product effect, which is we're seeing better-than-expected growth and you're seeing shorter duration that those. And then, second is, to be honest, we are trying to do more new business and less business of going to our existing customers and doing multi-year bundle deals with large discounts. We've told the sales force that we like them to go out and get new business. As a consequence, we're not doing that many - as many, not that many, as many long deals with large discounts that we used to do in the past. And I think I said that I can't be more explicit than saying, we expect, over time, that our margins should do better as a consequence of that. And it will have an impact in the way you look at -- as the way billings mechanically calculate themselves.
Nikesh Arora: Look, if everything happened overnight, yes. I think there's going to be an orderly transition over time as the proportion of our non-attached business rises and as we continue to manage our long-term core business. So yes, will our cash flow profile change? Yes. Will it improve our margins? Yes. And that's how you transition from a business, which has been a very hardware-focused business, to a business that becomes a long-term subscription and SaaS-oriented business.
Nikesh Arora: Sterling, every analyst I talked to in the last month - 9 months, has asked me this question saying, when will Palo Alto Networks become a ratable business? When will you become a SaaS business so you can enjoy the multiples that does SaaS businesses enjoy? Well SaaS businesses enjoy a multiple and have a certain financial profile. So you can't have your cake and eat it too. You want me to transition to that, it's going to involve a transition.
Nikesh Arora: Well, Ken, we're not going to give you forward guidance on those topics. But all I will tell you is you can see the way our cloud security business is beginning to perform. I think we said Prisma has already gone over a $250 million run rate billings run rate this quarter. And it's growing at very, very robust growth rates, way ahead of the company growth rate, as you can imagine. We hope that those growth rates continue, which overtime will create the mix shift that is required to make a higher proportion of our business more and more ratable, which will have the impact of shorter duration in terms of impacting billing, which will have the cash flow profile changes associated with it. But I don't expect this to happen in the short order. I think this is going to take us a reasonable amount of time. But hopefully, that time that we take happens at the growth rate that we're enjoying overall as a company. And clearly, if you're growing roughly 2.5 times the rate of the growth of the industry, you must be taking share from other people in this process.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. Look, as I mentioned, we had, very early in this process, introduced this notion of speedboats. And the notion of speedboats was to have dedicated people across the organization and across functional basis to make sure that we have people focused on making our customer successful by having a dedicated customer success team, by having specialists who can go ahead and sell cloud and partner with our core sales team and accounts to make sure that the focus is not lost on our non-SaaS services, which is what has been paying dividends. We continue on that track. We have dedicated teams. We have now consolidated our GPCS and public cloud speedboats into the Prisma speedboat. We've learned from the last year that Prisma, as the customers who are going to make this journey to the cloud are looking at all these products as a combined suite of products. So we are driving the same degree of acceleration that we have on the public cloud speedboat on the rest of our Prisma products, and put them all into one speedboat, which is led by the same people who were at the public cloud speedboat. So yes, we have made changes on go-to-market side and from a focus perspective, because we don't want the smaller, faster, growing business to get lost in the large expense of our core business.
Nikesh Arora: Look, I think I was trying to figure out where the correlation you're going to draw was. We've made a change there, and nothing changed. We didn't make a change there, and things got worse. So I'm not sure what the implication is. Look, Europe had a seasonal third quarter like third quarters across the board seem to be challenged. There was a seasonal slowdown, vis-a-vis, EMEA. We -- the team there feels confident that they will continue marching towards their annual targets. So hopefully, they will make up for what they were not able to do this quarter in the upcoming quarter. In terms of the U.S., we have hired a lot more people in the last quarter, which we expect to ramp up in Q4 and next year because part of the opportunity we had was we felt that we were not knocking enough doors. And as I mentioned, the focus on more new business. The team is strong. The team is motivated. We don't think that the leadership change in the Americas has had much of an impact in terms of the performance of the team, except for the fact that they continue to be excited and motivated to keep delivering quarters.
Nikesh Arora: We intend to make no changes in Europe. He's strong. He's going to make sure he delivers this quarter and retain his growth rate in the upcoming quarters.
Nikesh Arora: Look, I think we evaluated various possibilities of the channel, which is where there was a bit of noise, not this quarter, but it's the prior quarter. And where we landed is a happy place both to the channel and for us. If you understand these cloud products, these SaaS products actually end up having to be sold not just to our current channels but also through our future channels, which is basically the marketplaces of AWS, Azure and GCP because when customers go deploy public cloud capabilities. They go to the marketplaces off the public cloud providers to find other tools and accessories and products. And we have to be present there, which requires a different model from an activation and deployment and sales perspective. So we enabled that. We made room for our channel to be able to refer customers to that marketplace. As a result, they continued to get their economics and referral way as opposed to the way they've been used to be in the past, which is more hardware process. And I think things are stable, things are happy. We're selling product. The channel's making money. And customers are able to buy it, whichever way they want to consume it.
Nikesh Arora: Well, as I mentioned, look, right now, there are two very clear parts of Cortex. One is the Cortex XDR combination, which requires the data lake, which includes Traps as we -- last quarter we announced that we're going to make Traps an integral part of our XDR offering. We felt this, but it got validated this morning, coincidentally. We believe XDR is now the leading product in the market, and it beats any EDR product hands-down. So many of those you know have been displacing the traditional legacy vendors in the market, we believe we have not just a competitive product, but a better product. And we're seeing that in the pipeline growth, we're seeing that in the deals that we've done. We've done over 50 deals for our Cortex XDR in about 6 weeks since we announced it and deployed it in the market. We have a very healthy pipeline going to Q4. We are applying a speedboat concept to Cortex XDR, just so we did - the way we did to public cloud and Prisma. So we have lots of hopes from Cortex XDR and every Cortex XDR deal, every deal to deploy Traps requires the Cortex data lake, and the Cortex data lake is being deployed in those cases. In addition to that, Demisto is part of Cortex now because customers look at automation from a SOAR perspective, even though we only had Demisto in our numbers for only about a month this past quarter, it has surpassed any business plan they had prepared at their own end. Just by sheer fact that our core team is really excited about Demisto, and every one of our customers got excited about Demisto. And we expect that trend to continue going into Q4. So generally, on Cortex, we are bullish, both from a Cortex XDR, data lake, Cortex hub perspective as well as the Demisto perspective. Many of the Prisma integrated capabilities that we are launching this quarter actually use the Cortex hub to create the integrations between some of our products, whether it's VM and Aperture or some of the integrated reporting.
Nikesh Arora: I'm going to defer this question to my friend, Lee, even though I'm sure I can butcher the answer, but I'd rather let him do it.
Nikesh Arora: Thanks for the question, Fatima. Look, you're right that the cloud journey has different aspects, and there have been individual products that customers have gone and bought to enable different parts of the journey whether it's the GPCS competitors when it goes towards remote branches and new offices or whether it's the public cloud scenario or whether it's your CASB scenario. And part of our thesis is that you shouldn't have to have multiple products because there are interdependencies between these products, which creates security for yourself. Whilst we haven't alighted on the exact pricing because we're still - we just announced the acquisition of Twistlock and PureSec this morning, you can expect us to not distinguish in terms of how customers deploy their application, whether it's private cloud, public cloud, containers, serverless, public cloud because we think that there should be consistency, and it should be purely based on the amount of volume you transfer to the cloud as opposed to the different ways you do it. So you should expect to see some cohesity in pricing. Having said that, given the realities of the market, we will still make our products available in their individual forms to compete directly with people in the market because we believe our products are very competitive and better in most - in all cases. But obviously, the integrated product will have a lot more benefits than just buying the individual piece for us.
Nikesh Arora: Look, whilst we're not going to disclose, but we added a lot of quota-carrying reps in the last quarter, purely for us to be able to drive more coverage and more, more -- cover more accounts in our core business. This is not for cloud. This is not for Prisma. This not for Cortex. This is to drive more coverage across our existing core business. As I think - I don't remember who said it, but one of you guys said that you have seen us show strong product growth across every quarter, 28% product growth this quarter. So clearly, we're not taking our eye off the ball. We understand what pays the bills. We understand where the money comes from. And we are seeing traction out in the market. It's not like people are not buying firewalls. The rumors of the firewalls being dead are overstated. So we think that is still continuing - still a continuing strong trend on the firewall. We continue to hire reps. We continue to try and penetrate more accounts from a firewall perspective. We also are working, as you know, to add more capability in our firewalls. So the average price per firewall goes up for us, for our customer, because they can do more things in the firewall not just less. So we understand that to maintain the growth rates we have in the industry, it's not going to happen just by adding more product and growing them rapidly. It requires us to maintain a solid growth rate in our core business, and we are focused on that.
Nikesh Arora: Look, what's happening is that customers understand -- the one good thing what has happened is that the EDR vendors have paved the way in the minds of the customers that endpoints need an evolution, and the evolution needs to come in the form of not just endpoint protection, but being able to do behavior analytics, non-signature-based capability at the endpoint itself in being able to process stuff in the cloud and being able to triage alarms between endpoints and network. So this is all about reducing the signal to noise ratio that comes out into your slot. And XDR takes it one level up and says, if you are bought into this vision of reducing the signal noise ration from an endpoint perspective, guess what, the next revolution has to being able to triage across your firewall [Technical Difficulty] Now the EDR vendors are paving the way for us in terms of opening the door and saying, hey, please, come on in Palo Alto Networks. Tell them about the virtues of not just EDR, but also how EDR networks work together. We have thousands of Traps customers. They are natural candidates for us to go to and say, look, you're already Traps customers. You're already firewall customers. You should be deploying XDR capability, which will make the life of your softs easier. I think we announced - we integrated our Cortex XDR APIs into Demisto very well this quarter. So even that is happening. So we are beginning to integrate more and more. So yes, we are -- the door is opening for us vis-à-vis existing EDR vendors, and you can expect us to put more acceleration and more focus in trying to compete with them in hand-to-hand combat.
Nikesh Arora: Well, all I want to do is say thank you very much for your time this afternoon. As a reminder, we will be hosting over 4,000 customers and partners next week at Ignite this year in Austin, Texas. I look forward to meeting more of you in the months ahead. I also want to give a shout-out to all of our employees who work really hard this quarter and say thank you for all your hard work. And let's keep going, we have Q4 to do. Thanks, everyone.
