Walter Pritchard: Good day, everyone, and welcome to Palo Alto Networks' Fiscal First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. I am Walter Pritchard, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Please note that this call is being recorded today, Wednesday, November 15, 2023 at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time. With me on today's call to discuss first quarter results are Nikesh Arora, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dipak Golechha, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, Lee Klarich, our Chief Product Officer, will join us for the question-and-answer portion. You can find the press release and other information to supplement today's discussion on our website at investors.paloaltonetworks.com. While there, please click on the link for events and presentations to find the Q1 2024 earnings presentation and supplemental information. During the course of today's call, we will make forward-looking statements and projections regarding the company's business operations and financial performance. These statements made today are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements. Please review our press release and recent SEC filings for a description of these risks and uncertainties. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in the presentations today. We will also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered as substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. The most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations are in the press release and the appendix of the investor presentation. Unless specifically noted otherwise, all results and comparisons are on a fiscal year-over-year basis. We also note that management is participating in the UBS Conference on November 29. I will now turn the call over to Nikesh.
Walter Pritchard: Thanks, Saket. Next up is going to be Hamza Fodderwala from Morgan Stanley. Followed by Brian Essex from JPMorgan. Hamza go ahead.
Walter Pritchard: Thank you, Hamza. Next up we have Brian Essex from JPMorgan, followed by Gabriela Borges from Goldman Sachs. Brian, go ahead, please. You're muted, Brian.
Walter Pritchard: Great, thank you, Brian. Next question is going to be from Gabriela Borges of Goldman Sachs, with Roger Boyd at UBS on-deck. Go ahead, Gabriela.
Walter Pritchard: Great, thanks, Gabriela there. Next question is from Roger Boyd at UBS, followed by Brad Zelnick at Deutsche Bank. Go ahead, Roger.
Walter Pritchard: Great, thank you for the question. Next question from Brad Zelnick at Deutsche Bank, followed by Fatima Boolani of Citi. Go ahead, Brad.
Walter Pritchard: Great, thank you for that. Next question is Fatima Boolani at Citibank, followed by Joel Fishbein from Truist Securities. Go ahead, Fatima.
Walter Pritchard: Great, thank you, Fatima. Next question is from Joel Fishbein at Truist, followed by Joe Gallo at Jefferies. Joel, go ahead with your question.
Walter Pritchard: All right. Thanks for the question, Joe. Next question from Gray Powell at BTIG, followed by Ben Bollin at Cleveland Research. Gray, go ahead.
Walter Pritchard: A follow-up - our next question comes from Ben Bollin at Cleveland Research, followed by Ittai Kidron from Oppenheimer. Go ahead, Ben.
Walter Pritchard: Next up, Ittai Kidron from Oppenheimer followed by Patrick Colville from Scotiabank. Go ahead, Ittai.
Walter Pritchard: All right. Thank you, Patrick, for your question. Thanks everybody for participating. And with that, I'll pass it over to Nikesh for his closing comments.
Nikesh Arora: Saket, thanks for your question. I'm going to take this one because it's more about demand function. I think repetition doesn't spoil the prayer, so I will repeat. The billings difference is not a change in demand for us or not a function of our pipeline. The billings change is a consequence of negotiations with customers and the customer says, you want me to pay you for three years upfront, you got to give me a bigger discount. You want to pay me, want me to do a three-year deal, you got to go finance it in benefits. I can do that, but I can say just pay me on an annual basis, I'm okay. I'll collect my money every year. If I go in that direction my billings changes. It does not change anything in my pipeline, in my close rates or in my demand function. Those are my point. So we're just giving ourselves flexibility because this quarter we saw a lot more negotiations around those topics, we just don't want to be held hostage to those kind of negotiations where we have to go finance deals to get DCV in there. Billings is a DCV metric. DCV is important if I am concerned about churn. I have very low churn across many product categories. So I'm very happy to collect my money on an annualized basis and that's what's needed to make sure that I don't get pressure on financing, I don't get pressure on having to give larger discounts. I retain flexibility. I do a lot of TCV deals. I do a lot of financing. This allows me the flexibility. So all I want to make sure is, there is no change in the demand function in the market. There is no change in our revenue forecasts.
Nikesh Arora: So, Hamza, as, you know, Saket mentioned about pipeline, we have visibility to our pipeline, so we know there is business out there. We have not seen customers walk away from deals in Q1. It's not like people don't want to do business. We've been very consistent on hardware and hardware expectations for the last 12 months. We are regaining our consistent and expectations on hardware. We don't expect any lumpy movements up or down. We expect this is going to steadily in the 0% to 5% range as we've always been talking about. So I think from that perspective, I think to use Saket's word, we feel reasonably derisked on what's out there in the future. Q1 is the first quarter, allows us, you know, we have lots of pipeline, we have visibility to. I think I want to reiterate again, we are retaining flexibility. Can I go financing? Of course, I can. Can I go finance a three-year deal through PANFS or $7 billion of cash? I can, which will have a cosmetic impact of giving you better billings. But what I don't want to do is finance bad deals. This allows me the flexibility of not having to finance them nothing changes, I still get my revenue for the year. I still get my CRPO. I still get my annual billings. I just don't get year two and year three billings, but changes my total billings forecast for the year. It's cosmetic, it's mathematics, but it's interesting to see how the street interprets it.
Nikesh Arora: So, Brian, thanks for the question. Look, we have not changed our point-of-view. We have always maintained that we're going to sustain M&A at a level close to a billion here. So we haven't done one for a while or two. And if you see, if you split the two, we did a cloud security one, and we've been pretty consistent in that rough range in the $150 million to $250 million range in terms of adding cloud capability as we see the market evolves, so I think that's kind of consistent, where we are. We saw a unique opportunity, as I mentioned, 36% of workers are independent workers, they don't get SASE remote access solution. We saw more and more discussion in the market, where RBI was not covering every use-case and managed devices were not, all your mobile phones don't have management for security. Last few hacks that happened to mobile devices. So from that perspective customers asking, what is my solution, and now, what we didn't want to do is to have to deploy yet another independent solution, which is just disconnected from our overall SASE capability. And like we do, we will always pay attention to the market. We figured Talon had the best tech in the space and they were just about to go race to go to the go-to-market sort of implosion or explosion with other companies. So - and from that perspective, we saw an opportunity and we think it's a great fit. Actually, it makes us the most comprehensive SASE solution. We are going to integrate them deeply into our SASE solution. Our customers will be able to use Enterprise Browser RBI or our Prisma Access client, so it's - I don't want to call it a one-off, one-off sounds it will never happen again, but I think it's just happens to be the time where we did two at the same time, other than to different platforms, two different teams are integrating them, so it's not overhead to the organization. But we're going to keep our cautious approach towards meeting what we can digest. So you shouldn't expect anything that is off the regular pattern we've sort of shown it last time.
Nikesh Arora: So thank you, Gabriela. Look, the firewall business is actually is a one-shot business. You sell a piece of hardware and you get paid for it. It is not a ratable business, right? The ratability comes from our subscription and services part. It's usually there we have to look at it from an NGL perspective. Our duration this quarter was on the lower-end of duration. It reduced, went down, because we took more annual billing deals or we took shorter-duration contracts with our customers. So from that perspective, I think we feel comfortable given the visibility to our pipeline for the rest of the year that we have flexibility for ourselves on billing. You know, I think we're going to keep having this debate, where you keep calling it guiding down on billings, I'm going to keep calling it flexibility, you want to keep calling it guideline downward billing, so I'll keep telling it doesn't change my numbers. So we just agree that we're going to be saying that because I don't - nothing has changed the prospects of Palo Alto of three months ago.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, I'm trying to make sure Lee gets to ask some questions otherwise he doesn't want to show up next time. Yes, exactly.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, thank you. I always get excited about the Next-Gen firewall releases of course. Look, what we announced was a new high-end chassis, so one that scales beyond a terabit per second. And so there is, obviously, this is the largest highest performance networks out there, service provider and in some cases large enterprise environments, at the same ruggedized platforms, platforms that can go to plus 50 degree Celsius, minus 40 degrees Celsius, because there are harsh environments out there that also need to be protected, right? So, this is expanding the use cases that we can support with our hardware next-gen firewalls. The other pieces you mentioned are also equally exciting from a software perspective. You know, Quantum is still likely a ways off, but there's a lot of companies that are starting to prepare for that, thinking about what happens in post-Quantum cryptography in the advent of potential computers and what that will mean, and so this is the start of a set of Quantum security capabilities that we're launching for our customers. You mentioned, advanced WildFire, we added proxy capabilities. We added ADEM capabilities, so there's a lot of innovation that's in this release. Generally in what this drives is customers to look to be on our latest Gen IV or newer hardware architectures, which over time means hardware refreshes and upgrades. And so all of that is good and helps our customers get to the most secure state.
Nikesh Arora: It's very kind of you to remember prior answers, but I'll try to give - I tried to give a preview of that in our prepared remarks where I said we continue to see steady execution and hardware endpoint and cloud, so they're following expected trajectory. We see the pipeline and I said the excitement and upside is coming out of SASE and XSIAM. And we see that there are large SASE network transformation deals out there, which these things have anywhere from six months to 12-month closing cycles. So we would have to know what's in the pipe for the rest of the year. Do you have some sense of comfort? We also said we grew that business 60% in the first quarter on SASE. We already - we cannot gush enough about XSIAM as you know so far, so the billion-dollar pipeline, we're hoping will close in that six to nine months. Interestingly, XSIAM pipeline closes faster than SASE pipeline deals, because SASE is often very competitive. There are POCs involved. There are future comparisons between us and one or two other companies. In the case of XSIAM, you're really competing with the incumbent.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, so that's interesting, Joel. Let me connect that to something we announced yesterday. So first of all, I said, the activity is at an all-time high. Every day you read about ransomware attacks, now the SEC regulations are actually not kicked in yet. I think they kick in December. But you're seeing some companies go out there and start to do sort of self-report in anticipation because they're all petrified, of course, when you get attacked. So I think you're going to see more and more disclosure and we've be trying to parse, is it more activity or more disclosure? That's a good question. I think it's more activity. We've seen more and more activity. Our team does a research. We've had the maximum number of inbounds to our Incident Response Team in the last month than we had before. So clearly, anecdotally also, it's sort of come true that this is what's happening. Now, typically, the anatomy of an attack for us from our vantage point is that when we get engaged in incident response, typically, we go and we deploy a production sort of suite, where we go in and put XDR everywhere and we'll go run a bunch of analytics to make sure we understand what happened and where there is sort of the - that access may be still be resident in a customer's infrastructure. Now, typically when you do that and we leave, they don't want us to leave with our stuff, they want us to be one step back in case the guys come back. So from that perspective, you know. The incident becomes a need unfortunately because of these act, but it because the lead for us and that creates a whole bunch of product conversation around whether we're going to deploy endpoints, whether we need to upgrade their firewalls or whether they need to go down a cybersecurity transformation. I'll tell you nine times out of 10, every one of those customers ends up in the cyber security transformation because they discover that they have a lot of stuff that they should have upgraded or changed in that process. So that's kind of what happens. Those are the products, which typically end-up those customers.
Nikesh Arora: Great questions. Yes, the pricing has stabilized, you know, we saw tremendous pricing pressure in the last fiscal year with the emergence of few competitors who are willing to do whatever it takes to try and dislodge our platforms or solutions. So I think it's fair to say that pricing is beginning to stabilize. I think what's interesting is, we're seeing customers come the second time around and start looking the platform. I think the first wave so far and there's still part of the customers are still in that wave. First wave is still very module driven. I want to see SPM solution, I want to see an app solution and I want to look at SCA. So you'll find that there are different people in the customer's organization who are responsible for different pieces of the cloud security pie and end up trying to look for best of breeze, kind of like replicating what happened in enterprise security. But as soon as they start putting big deployments of scale of any kind, they have to start having a platform. I just told you, we had an $18 million deal for a platform for a large SaaS company. Now, we don't have every large SaaS company which is deploying a platform - sorry, every large SaaS company needs a platform because they have eight different tools that they're not able to stitch together. So I think it's going to be sort of a --- sort of a recursive journey where we'll show that we'll land with some customers - and some customers, other people will land with their modules, but eventually, each of those customers has to go through a platform conversation. So we're sort of focused on our platform story. We're focused on making sure we make our platform more and more robust. I was at a CIO event before this morning. There are 30 of them there. And the first question was, it was interesting, you guys bought Dig or did a security posture management, how is that integrated into the following five things we have running and like, well, the following five things will talk to each other for you.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. All of the above. Sorry, I'm trying to - I mean I can't process which competitor he's talking about, but okay. Look, we are in multiple businesses. In our firewall business, as we said, on the hardware business, we see that 0% to 5% as being where the market is and some of that we achieved through refresh, some of that we achieved through our own customers expanding so that we achieved through the replacement of other people's firewalls. We've - in the last, I'd say, 18 months, we've been very diligent about making sure we normalize for the effects of backlog or supply chain in that guidance and that thinking and you see that in our numbers. So I don't think that's going to change much for us. I can't comment on other people's billing variability. We just saw the impact of billing variability to our numbers this quarter. So I'm sure they have the reasons of building variability. In terms of SASE, as I said, you know, we're - we can compete with a different set of people not with the hardware people. We saw 60% growth this quarter and we have visibility on the pipeline for the rest of the year, which gives us comfort that there is business to be had there. We told you about XSIAM, which is again a category which is more in the soft management space, which is a different set of competitors. If you're talking about XDR, it's a different set of competitors. And then cloud security, where our competitors want to startup. So I think the portfolio allows us to look at different growth rates in different pipelines, across the spectrum. As I said, the demand function is not going down for cybersecurity across the board. The only thing that's changing is people saying, I'll do a two-year, one-year deal or a three-year or a five-year deal, I'll pay you later, you finance it around year-over-year. That's the only confusion you're seeing. And I think if you do all that in the market, you can figure out the underlying growth rates are strong for some people in certain categories.
Nikesh Arora: You can see that in the gross margins. Our gross margins continue to improve for product because software is obviously a higher gross margin product for us.
Nikesh Arora: Okay. So I don't - I did not listen to the Cisco call because we're here. And even if I had the time, I wouldn't. So I don't understand, it's a very large hardware business. Remember, hardware is a small part of our business, A. B, we only report in revenue what we sell and ship to the customer. So there's nothing - if it's sitting on the shelf at a customer then it's still sold from our perspective.
Nikesh Arora: Well, thank you very much again, everyone, for taking the time to attend our earnings call. I would be remiss if I did not use the opportunity to thank all of our employees across the world and the ones in Israel, especially given what's happening in that part of the world. I also wanted to thank all of our partners and customers for trusting Palo Alto Networks.
Dipak Golechha: May just to build on that, Walter, I'd say like just recognize that we're also maintaining our cash guidance, which would be the other area where we may get concerned, we're not concerned on that front.
Dipak Golechha: Yes. So let me take the first part of the question. I mean, our product revenue when Nikesh talked about zero to five is actually across hardware, virtual firewalls, another software that's counted in product revenue. We talked about that last time then. I think it's very customer-specific in terms of what their actual needs are. So again, rather than trying to pass through each of them, I think it's looking at the aggregate. We feel pretty comfortable in that 0% to 5% range. So software is about 35% or about 30% this quarter, right? And then just --
Dipak Golechha: And then I think your second question was around what is the impact of this on the branch deployments. The - there's really primarily two models for the branch. One is a SD-WAN-only branch, that tends to be for smaller branches where all of the security or just about all the security moves into SASE is cloud-delivered. And the second model is a next-gen firewall typically with SD-WAN built-in branch, which is still often connected back to SASE for global network connectivity, et cetera. So there - so the shift to software in SASE doesn't replace the need for the branch to have that local intelligence and to be an extension of the customer's network and ultimately, the extension of the network security posture, zero-cost posture.
Dipak Golechha: Yes. Every share-based payroll is deployed has to be registered with us. So we have reasonably good visibility into firewalls that are sold to deployed. And any - I would say, it's fair to say and there are specific issues where a customer may have bought extra firewalls because [indiscernible] but there's no - I say there's no uncharacteristic or different activity we see in the last three months that has been away from the normal. So we don't have suddenly the last quarter, a lot of customers going a lot of firewalls. I think I'm going to try and guess, but there was this whole backlog situation and supply chain problem where people may have bought ahead because we're expecting supply chain prices to continue. And now they've got a bunch of stuff that is ordered sitting around that they can deploy, they don't order more, we don't have that situation. We never went down that path. We didn't hit a lot of backlog. We shipped - You know, we never went past 12 things of shipping in our product. So we did - I know that in the industry, some people are up to 1 year in terms of shipping backlog, we have 12 weeks or back to four to six weeks. So it really is not an impact for us from that perspective. So I think that should give you some better sense of what the spread is. We have reasonably decent visibility into our pipeline can be up or down the margin? Yes, but nothing as substantive as what you might have seen from other people.
Dipak Golechha: No. I mean, I think you obviously talked about the talent, which is part of the rationale for the annual thing. We did have some expects - expenses that we expected to incur in Q1 that will now come later in the year, some around the marketing areas as well. But I would say it's just a normal course of operating business. And fundamentally, I think Dig and Talen explains the majority of the rest. I will just say on a year-on-year comparison, we did have, you know, hiring that had a different, you know, level of hiring activity this year, it's a lot more normalized in terms of how we're ramping. So there's just a little bit of base factor calculation in there but nothing really added.
