Mark McLaughlin: Thank you, Amber, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning for our fiscal third quarter 2018 results. Before getting to the results for the quarter, I'd like to start by welcoming Nikesh, who will succeed me as Chairman and CEO of the company this week. I've been working with the Board of Directors over the past several quarters on a succession plan after having had the incredible privilege of leading the team here for nearly 7 years.  I'm immensely proud of all the team has accomplished in that time, and the company is on very strong footing and well positioned for the future. In Nikesh, we found a leader who's ideally suited to take the company on the next leg of its journey of rapid market share gains with our security operating platform. His experience at Google as the Chief Business Officer as well as his experience as the President of SoftBank brings demonstrated abilities to scale at rapid rates and run very large and fast-growing global organizations.  I'll be working with Nikesh over the coming months to assist in the transition, and I'll remain with the company as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors supporting Nikesh and the team with our mission of protecting our way of life in the digital age. Welcome to the team, Nikesh, and congratulations.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure. Thanks, Keith, and thanks for the kind words. I appreciate that. Well, as you can see, the product growth is very strong. Platform growth is very strong. And I think it's really important for us to understand inside the company, outside the company as well, the whole concept of security operating platform is resonating very well. As we've talked about before with the three evolutions, with the Application Framework being the third one right now, the customers that we speak with, the prospects we speak with almost unanimously across the board really resonate with that. It's an answer to a significant, significant problem about how do you get more automation and how do you get less complexity in their environments. They like it a lot. Now they realize as well that in order to do that or achieve the most value from that, it will become increasingly important that they, in essence, standardize on Palo Alto Networks in all the positions for data centers and enforcement points, which is in the network, on the endpoint and in the cloud. And of course, we need to every single day of the week be the very best at all those positions as well on a – I'll call them a stand-alone basis, which we're very confident. And you can see that from the release of the hardware, the operating system releases, the new version of Traps, the Evident acquisition, things we're doing at every one of the positions to make sure we win head to head across. But I would say that it seems that to me, and I think the team here who spends a lot of time with customers, the concept of the Application Framework, the third evolution and getting consistency across the entire platform is working very well and driving purchases of all the underlying aspects.
Mark McLaughlin: Well, sure. And security will continue to be our focus, so let me be clear about that, and thanks for the question. Yes, as I was talking with the board over the last several quarters about succession planning – it's been amazing to run the company for the past seven years or so. I said we would want to make a change at the right time. There's no hurry for this. I was basically saying if we find the right person at the right time, we would do it. That had us thinking, of course, about what does the future look like. When we look at the company, we have 5,000-plus security professionals in the company. They're best in the world, starting with Nir and Lee and other folks in the team. We have some of the best operating executives in René and Mark Anderson and folks who are very committed to the company, which is fantastic. So security is something we know genetically and from a DNA perspective. So we start to think about where the company's going to look like in five years from today. I would garner to say that it's more of the security operating platform I just laid out. It’s got a lot to do with massive datasets with analytics, with the infrastructure required to support those, the cloud, SaaS. It’s very clear that security is heading in that direction and that we’re forcing it in that direction as a company. So that really informed our pick for the succession planning, which should be a great, accomplished business leader, somebody who’s a culturally great fit and somebody who also has experience ideally with large-scale platforms that have those kind of characteristics. There’s not a lot of those platforms in the world. There’s not a lot of people who have that kind of experience. We’re fortunate to find Nikesh and spend the last few months with him to make sure that we had alignment across all those variables I just laid out. So that was really the thought process, Keith.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. It’s a great question, Phil. So first, let me start with where it is. The Application Framework is very real today. We announced it about a year ago, and over the course of the last year have made a lot of progress on a number of things. One is making sure that from an App Framework perspective, the third parties can create apps easily into the framework. The second thing was the development release, and so far very successful launch of the Logging Service, which allows all the data to be collected there. We just had Ignite User Conference last week, and we had over 4,000 folks there and there was 30 companies who were previewing their applications, which was fantastic right there in the demo floor. We really, really liked that the customers saw not only their applications, but also workflow between the applications as well. And we highlighted a number of them on stage just to give a sense of that. We also announced that the Application Framework could be production-ready in August. So very soon, we’ll be able to actually use that with customers, so lots of good traction. I would say and people have asked me this before, how do you think about it in the future, let’s say, the definitions of success in the Application Framework, which you’re driving towards, would be a lot of applications in that framework. And I think somebody said onetime that a real platform is successful when there’s more value driven across the top of the platform than the platform itself. So we would expect that over time, customers will get a lot of value from the applications running on top of the framework.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure. And Matt, we do – as you know, we have GlobalProtect – I mean, GlobalProtect cloud service as well, and it’s all part of the platform, of course. And over time, what you’ve seen us do is ensure that customers can use our security operating platform with the appropriate form factor for the appropriate use case, right? So we have hardware in some cases, big hardware, small hardware. We have agents on the endpoint. We have virtual machines in the cloud, API hooks for SaaS applications. And with GlobalProtect cloud service, you have the ability for what we would traditionally call network security to just point it at the cloud and have the full-on next-gen firewall capabilities as well. That’s important for branch offices, mobile users and places where you want to reduce your MPLS costs, and customers are reacting very well at that. From a pricing perspective, we’re competitive price-wise. As we are with everything in our platform, we can be because we think it’s best on a head-to-head basis. And also the value of it being consistent across the platform helps as well, and we’ve seen really good early success with GlobalProtect cloud service.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure. It’s a really good question. And as Nikesh mentioned a little earlier, the move to the cloud is inevitable. When you look at the amount of IT spend and how much of it is in the cloud today, it’s actually pretty small. So I think we’re in the early innings of this. And we’ve seen in our business, again back to the right form factor for the right use case, that the VM-Series is going very well at the inline portion for protection and protecting offerings in the cloud. And that’s going very well. That’s been, we think, additive to the business so far. We’d expect that to be the case into the future because we see existing customers not only buying VM-Series, but most everything else in the platform along the way, which is fantastic. And we would expect that, that part of our business is going to continue to grow as people continue to – as well.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Great question. As you can see from the about 51,000 customers we’re serving today, the size of the customer base continues to grow very nicely over time quarter-over-quarter, so the cohorts keep growing over time. As we’ve said in the past, as these cohorts get bigger and as in the latter years the refresh cycle becomes an increasingly large contributor to the business, we’d expect that would continue into the future. And by giving customers new capability sets not only in the hardware, but also the operating system, and reasons to refresh if they’re already a customer or come to us if they’re not are very important.  The drivers in the hardware side of our business, I think, really fall into three categories. The first and I think the most prevalent today is the expansion opportunity with so many customers who are – where you can see the lifetime value creation goes up very significantly, we think that’s the biggest driver. We also have net new customer acquisitions. It’s very high. As you can see again from the quarter, that certainly helps. And then the third is refresh, which is performing very well for us. We think that’s going to continue to be the case and will continue to grow as a contributor over time.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Jonathan, great question. I described this since we started with the Application Framework as what we inevitably would see as a push-pull on the right. And the push aspect of it is going to be, over time, how much value these applications deliver over top of the Application Framework. And perhaps someday, we would monetize this. We don’t have a plan to do that right now. We think our main focus there should be just growing a very healthy ecosystem of developers, and then we’ll see how that transpires over time. The flip of it with the pull, I think, is very evident already for us, which is customers really resonate with the ability to reduce the complexity of their footprint in their – in all of the network, including cloud and also the simplicity of working with less vendors through a platform, right? And that is driving purchases of all the foundational aspects, which we view as not only fantastic security capabilities themselves, but also data collectors and enforcement positions. So that’s in the network, that’s on the cloud, it’s on the endpoint, and all those are growing very nicely for us.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure, yes. I think there’s two ways to think about that, Jonathan. The first and the most probably evident one is that Secdo brings EDR capabilities to Traps. That’s an important capability to customers, definitely, one. So our ability to have that is important. We believe that the way that Secdo does EDR is very unique with some very unique thread-level capabilities and visualizations. You’ll see that come back into Traps early in the calendar fiscal 2019 – I’m sorry, early calendar 2019, and that’s what we’re going to do with that capability. In addition to that, and I don’t know if you were at Ignite or had somebody there, but we also talked about taking the Secdo EDR capability and applying it across the entire platform, so not just endpoints, but also network and cloud as well. This concept we call XDR, meaning across the entire platform, so that you can get the best EDR capabilities everywhere from a security perspective not just on endpoints. We think that’s going to be an unmatched capability simply because of the size of the deployments we have in all the data locations.
Mark McLaughlin: Saket, that's very good question. And yes, probably the best thing to just clarify when we say the Application Framework is production-ready come April, what that means is that third-party applications will be available through the framework. From a pricing perspective, today, the relationship or – that is between the application provider – I'm sorry, I said April, I meant August. 10 people give me notes to correct that. In August, I'm sorry. The relationship from a pricing perspective will be through the customer right with the application provider themselves. So that's what it will look like on the beginning, meaning we don't have an intent right now to try to monetize that. From our perspective perhaps over time, like you said, when we're driving a lot of value, we'll be in the position to do that. What we're definitely seeing right now in the business, though, is the pull aspect, which is because of the compelling nature of the idea of being able to actually have a lot of innovation in the market but not have to deploy form factor after form factor to collect data to get one more feature, customers like that a lot. And I think they will standardize on Palo Alto Networks. I think they are standardizing on Palo Alto Networks, and the network increasing, the endpoints and the cloud as well, so that's a driver of our business. I think it's been a driver for the last year. There's lots of other drivers as well, but I think that's a driver that's happening, and I think we're going to see that continue into the future.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. We’re seeing a few use cases, primarily, again, early on, one is branch, also second is mobile users as well. So I think both of those are drivers. We expect those to continue to be drivers in the future.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. If I could just make one other point. Kathy said at the end of Q2, we’ve given out the billings contribution run rate at about $240 million, growing very quickly. As you can see, that continues to go up over time. And I think probably the interesting thing about that is with that approaching 10% of the billings run rate, which is good, it’s against a very large base as well. And that base is continuing to grow very well. So if you think about the network security business and particularly the SaaS security services associated with it, that’s a large business growing very well in itself, right? So the level of contribution takes time for the nonattached to grow simply because it’s being matched against a large – very fast growing business as well.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Great question, Michael. When we look at security, we think in terms of outcomes, meaning that if you're the CIO or the CISO for an enterprise, if you put technologies aside for a second, they have to solve for various outcomes. And in those – there might be eight or 10 of those depending on how broadly you define those, and they're not technical when you think about them.  The outcome that we're solving for customers is to stop all known threats and ideally stop all unknown threats or at least detect them very quickly and limit the damage, right? And that's a very, very large outcome statement and very important. That lives alongside other outcomes, like making sure you can withstand a massive denial of service attack, for example.  And we've been particularly focused over the years in ensuring that whatever outcomes we choose to solve for our customers, that we bring something unique to the table in a highly competitive way. Now those outcomes blend over time as well, and that's why we've done a lot of very strong partnerships in the identity space, for example, something you just mentioned; on the messaging security space with Proofpoint, something you just mentioned as well, so that we can make sure that the customer using the best capabilities from the vendors who are solving these outcomes doesn't have to be the back-end systems integrator themselves for that. And they really appreciate that. But bringing that holistic picture to the table and solving those outcomes for customers is very important.
Mark McLaughlin: Just big picture, Rob, we've got low double-digit market share or we prosecute low double-digit market share in about a $20 billion total addressable market. So I think both in terms of new customer opportunities, if customers want to -- if they're going to make a change for security, they're going to look to the thought leader. And for existing customer expansion, we're just starting to hit the veins of significant customer sizes from the cohorts that we saw big customer growth in the last 5 or 6 years. So I think both give us tremendous opportunities to grow the business, and I think that's what gives us the confidence that's embedded into our guide.
Mark McLaughlin: Thank you very much. I appreciate that. Okay, I think that was our last question. So I'd like to close off, I want to thank everybody here, all the employees of Palo Alto Networks, our customers and our partners for the privilege of working with you. For me, it's been a really amazing experience. I want to thank everybody for their time this morning for the call. We look forward to seeing a lot of you in the upcoming future. Take care.
Nikesh Arora: Thanks, Mark. This is Day minus 2 for me on the job, so all I can talk about are my impressions. I've had the pleasure and privilege of getting to know the Palo Alto team, the board, and the company over the last few months. The more time I spend, the more excited I get about the space, about the company, and the people.  It is clear to me that we're still in the very early stages of the cloud revolution for enterprises. I was fortunate enough to see it early at Google and participate in the growth and scaling there. I think we have a very, very similar opportunity here. I think cybersecurity is one of the most exciting spaces out there. For me, even more exciting is to be able to see firsthand what Nir, you, and the team here have built. This company, for me, is truly unique. Your growth is testament of the quality of the offering, your customer centricity, as well as the execution capability that you have built over the last seven years. For me, great companies are built by collecting great people, motivating them towards a common mission with the right set of values, and it's evident to me that the members of the Palo Alto Networks team are those people. I couldn't be more excited and honored to become part of the Palo Alto Networks team and work with the leadership to continue to build on the good work that you have done and cement the company's position as a leader in the security space.
Nikesh Arora: Thank you, Matt, for asking the question and thank you for your congratulations. As I said, it’s Day minus two, so anything I say is subject to change. So I think the early impressions are, I think there’s no question in anybody’s mind that we’re still early in the cloud revolution, and in the next few decades, we will see almost every company out there having to make that transition. And I think Palo Alto Networks’ mission on sort of preserving our digital life and keeping it safe is going to – in line with that cloud transition. As we go to that transition, huge amounts of datasets are going to be created, people are going to have to keep track a lot of data, we have to apply a lot of AI, machine learning. And just this notion that Mark talked about of sort of migrating or transitioning to an Application Framework where we can bring a best-of-breed and help people to sort of participate with Palo Alto Networks being sort of the one who brings this solution to the end customer is extremely empowering and extremely powerful. I think that’s sort of my early impression that being able to take the company along that path with the team that is working on those product areas is going to be fundamentally exciting.
Nikesh Arora: Thank you, Kenneth for the question. I think it's inappropriate for me to have thoughts on M&A until I fully understand the entire product offering of Palo Alto Networks, which I do to some extent, but I'm going to spend a lot of time in the early part understanding the company, our priorities and make sure that we continue to execute on the rhythm and pace that Mark has set and what you guys have gotten used to because that's got like a stake on the table that I need to make sure I maintain. And then we'll hopefully, over the future quarters, have more substantive conversation with a lot of you about where we see the opportunity and if we need to do anything or not.
Nikesh Arora: I think it's fair to say I had the privilege of working with the Google Enterprise team, which was a part, when I was at Google. And for the first time, as you see in the history of innovation, cloud came to the consumer first in a big way and is now slowly making it to the back of the enterprise. And Google's realized that, Microsoft's realized that, Amazon realized that. So they're all charging ahead with trying to address the cloud opportunity into the enterprises. I think that's great.  Having said that, given that they're all, to some degree, offering proprietary solutions to people where you can have one or the other, there's an important need for independent security team to look at it and see how we can take these massive amounts of data across multiple cloud offerings, provide a solution around it comprehensively to the end customer and have somebody who they can trust to be the arbiter between all these different offerings that they have.  So I think that's the big opportunity out there. Given that we're all going towards the cloud, given that these huge amounts of datasets are going to be created, we need to make sure we understand their aspirations and set our aspirations vis-à-vis them and provide the solution to the end customer. I think that's where the opportunity is.
Mark Anderson: Yes. Hey Phil, it’s Mark Anderson here. So with the last 18 months of product announcements, the hundreds of features that we brought into the platforms that we’ve – the hardware platforms that we’ve replaced, I think price performance-wise, we’ve got very compelling offers there. But I think most importantly, when customers get a sense for where we’re taking security with the third evolution, the Application Framework, I think the kind of future proof nature of us being able to help them distill security innovation into consumable form factors on the Palo Alto Networks kit, I think, is a very compelling value proposition. And I think that’s something that every customer I talk to takes into consideration when they’re making a decision for paying 2 or 3 times for Palo Alto Networks what our desperate competitors are charging for their stuff.
Mark Anderson: Gabriela, it's Mark Anderson. here. So I think a couple of things. Our field sales team is really quite disciplined in going after business, both with expansion opportunities with existing customers as well as propositions for new customers, especially ones that are embarking on their own digital transformation journey. I think we provide a consultative type of approach, but it's really a subject matter expert with regards to security in that journey. And it gives us the opportunity to show them how important being able to future proof their investments with, again, access to the Application Framework, like I mentioned earlier. I think also, just hardware cycles come and go. But I think by and large, customers are telling us that our approach to security to provide consistent security everywhere at the endpoint, in the cloud and on-prem in customers perimeters is really differentiated from what our competitors are doing, either by providing an architecture that is just unrivaled out there.
Mark Anderson: Yes. I think you nailed it, Mark. I think, for us, legislation like GDPR just heightens awareness of customers to do something different than what they've been doing for the last two decades. And I think I would highlight that and also highlight the fact that government over there, the EU as well as each of the individual countries in the EU, have never been more open to working with thought leaders like Palo Alto Networks to do things like share threat intelligence, have bilateral threat sharing agreements.  So I think our relevance in Europe, because of maybe a little more conservative group of countries, has really ramped in the last four or five quarters, and you've seen that in the performance. We get invited to the do a lot more.
Mark Anderson: So I think on the cycle one, Rob, over time, if you take a snapshot back of 10, 15 years long period of time, you see the cycles in 4 or 7 years, it's a little hard to nail that down of buying patterns here. What I think what Mark was saying is that regardless of what cycle they're in, Palo Alto Networks continues to outperform everybody in the market. You can see that in all through the last 10 years as a matter of fact and including very recently the last four quarters as well. Our job, we think, is to make sure that we have the most competitive offering in the market, and we'll always be taking market share. And we're very confident we'll be able to do that.
Mark Anderson: Competitive win rates, like I said it earlier, I think I feel bad sometimes for our competitors because they're trying to sell either stitched together acquisitions that look like Frankenstein's monster or they're trying to sell point products against an architecture. And I think we've developed this platform over the last dozen years organically, primarily with some small technology tuck-ins that really drive the automation that's needed in the digital age.
Kathy Bonanno: Thanks for the question. Yes, we’re very excited about our product growth this quarter, obviously, very strong number. The platform, as Mark mentioned, is resonating with customers, and the security operating platform is experiencing a lot of interest from customers, both push and the pull side, as Mark mentioned. So we’re really happy with the performance of products. We think that we still have a lot of market share opportunity, and we’ve been growing into that share year after year after year. So we think there’s still a lot of opportunity for us to grow, and that growth can be sustainable for years to come. In terms of incremental investments that we’re making, we’re obviously integrating the newly acquired technology in the case of Secdo into our platform, so that’s coming off of the market. And we’re working on that integration now. For Evident and Secdo alike, we are working on operationalizing, making sure that we have a great go-to-market plan for both of those product offerings and just overall making sure that we have the right marketing messages, integration and operational plan for those services.
Kathy Bonanno: Yes. On the quarter, the billings and revenue impact was immaterial. Going forward, obviously, we're working on our plans and our go-to-market plans, and we're certainly hoping that we have good revenue and billings performance from both of them. We see a lot of opportunity with both of those products given the demand for cloud, security, and as well the EDR capabilities are going to be a great addition to our endpoint service offering.
Kathy Bonanno: Sure. Thanks, Walter. Yes, we have definitely seen seasonality become a bigger factor in our business, and we are seeing pretty normal seasonality patterns with our strongest quarters sequentially in terms of sequential growth being Q2s and Q4s. And that continues to be the case, and I would expect that to continue into Q1.
Kathy Bonanno: Sure. The nonattached business we mentioned at Analyst Day was on a $240 million run rate, growing very fast, growing at about 85% year-over-year. And so while it remains about – getting close to about 10% of our overall business, still a relatively small portion of our business, but growing much faster than the rest of the business because it’s newer and obviously a smaller portion of our business. And so just in terms of law of large numbers, growing much faster. We’re obviously adding more and more subscription offerings that are nonattached, and you’ll see that in the Application Framework as well. And so we do expect that the nonattached business will continue to become a bigger part of our business and will continue to grow very fast. The rest of the business is also growing very well. As you saw, our services billings growth rate was over 30% this quarter. And so the rest of the business continues to grow very fast. And the attached business, because it’s – nonattached business, because it’s a relatively small portion, doesn’t influence the overall growth rate to a significant degree at this point.
