Luis Visoso: Thank you, Nikesh, and good morning to everyone. Before I start, I'd like to know that except for revenue and billings, all financial figures are non-GAAP and growth rates are compared to the prior year periods unless stated otherwise. As Nikesh indicated, we had a great first quarter as we delivered – as we continue to deliver winning innovation and add new customers. The strength gives us confidence to raise our guidance for the year. In Q1, total revenue grew 23% to $946 million. Looking at growth by geography, the Americas grew 27%, EMEA grew 16%, and APAC grew 11%. Q1 product revenue of $237 million, increased 3% compared to the prior year. Q1 subscription revenue of $428 million, increased 34%. Support revenue of $281 million, increased 26%. In total, subscription and support revenue of $709 million, increased 31% and accounted for 75% of total revenue. Turning to billings, Q1 total billings of $1.083 billion, net of acquired deferred revenue increased 21%. Strength was broad based, as we continue to see strong execution across the company. The dollar weighted contract duration for new subscriptions and support billings in the quarter was up slightly and remained at approximately three years.  Total deferred revenue at the end of Q1 was $3.9 billion, an increase of 31% year-over-year. Remaining Performance Obligation or RPO was $4.4 billion, an increase of 40% year-over-year. In addition to adding approximately 2,200 new customers in the quarter, we continue to increase our wallet share with existing customers. Our top 25 customers, 24 of which made a purchase this quarter, spend a minimum of $57.2 million in lifetime value through the end of fiscal Q1 2021, a 37% increase or the $41.7 million in the comparable prior year period. Q1 gross margin was 75.8%, which was down 80 basis points compared to last year, mainly driven by higher mix of our NGAs products, which are less mature. Q1 operating margin was 21.7%, an increase of 590 basis points year-over-year. The operating margin expansion is driven by operating expense leverage as we benefit from lower travel and event expenses due to COVID, which more than offset the incremental investment in headcount. We ended the first quarter with 8,376 employees, including 156 from Crypsis at the close of acquisition.  On a GAAP basis for the first quarter, net loss increased to $92.2 million or $0.97 per basic and diluted share. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter increased 51% to $158.1 million or $1.62 per diluted share. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for Q1 was 22%.  Turning to cash flow and balance sheet items. We finished October with cash, cash equivalents and investments of $4.1 billion. During the first quarter, we purchased $500 million or 2.1 million shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $242 per share. We have returned $2.7 billion to shareholders since Q1 2017 through the repurchase of programs and ASR where we repurchased 15.1 million shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $179 per share. Q1 cash flow from operations of $535 million, increased by 138% year-over-year. Free cash flow was $505 million, up 184% at a margin of 53.4%. As we mentioned last quarter, this was driven by the strong cash collections, following Q4 2020 record billings. DSO was 81 days, an increase of 18 days from the prior year period. We expect another strong collections quarter in Q2, which is expected to bring our DSO down to historical levels. Turning now to guidance and modeling points. For the second fiscal quarter of 2021, we expect billings to be in the range of $1.17 billion to $1.19 billion, an increase of 17% to 19% year-over-year. We expect revenue to be in the range of $975 million to $990 million, an increase of 19% to 21% year-over-year. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $1.42 to a $1.44 using 98 million shares to a 100 million shares.  Additionally, I would like to provide some modeling points. We expect our Q2 non-GAAP effective tax rate to remain at 22%. CapEx in Q2 will be approximately $30 million to $35 million. As Nikesh reviewed earlier, for the full fiscal year 2021, we will be raising our guidance across all metrics. We expect billings to be in the range of $5.08 billion to $5.13 billion, an increase of 18% to 19% year-over-year. We expect next-generation security, ARR to be approximately $1.15 billion, an increase of 77% year-over-year. We expect revenue in the range of $4.09 billion to $4.14 billion, an increase over 20% year-over-year. We expect revenue – product revenue to be flat year-over-year. We expect operating margins to improve by 50 basis points year-over-year. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $5.70 to $5 80 using 99 million to 101 million shares. Regarding free cash flow, for the full year, we expect an adjusted free flow margin of approximately 29%. With that, I’d like to open the call for questions.
Luis Visoso: Yes. I think we – to the second part of your question, we will always see a little bit of seasonality with Q4 being stronger than Q1, right. So that would be kind of normal. In terms of gross margin, yes, we have strong plans, as you would imagine. And as Nikesh mentioned, we do expect to get very competitive gross margins over the next few years. We have very clear plans that include efficiencies in our cloud and AI business, so you should expect that business to significantly improve over time. And as I said, we have very concrete plans to achieve that.
Luis Visoso: Yes, Saket just to add to that and this is not a reporting question. Part of the reason we wanted to make sure you understand this split and the difference in the two businesses is you want to reinforce that our firewall business is as good as any other firewall business out there in the industry because I got calls about, hey, you are seeing an overall decline in gross margins that because your firewall was under pressure. No it’s not.  I think the other part I want to make sure that you see is that it's kind of like maybe we do and we're looking, but it's very hard to build a $735 million [indiscernible] business from scratch in 18 months. I want to show you that we're building that business in parallel to continuing to focus on the firewall business. And to an extent, the overall gross margin, operating margin are somewhat not fully in our control as management. And we want to show you the reason that we're investing in the right hand side is because we can drive that ARR growth at very high double digit for a longer period of time. For that we need to continue to invest. And we're just showing in the run we invest. You'll see the – you will see the transparency where we're investing, where we're not investing, where we're leveraging and showing your expansion where we're continuing to invest. We're investing in both, obviously not to the same levels. Prisma SASE is a brand new product category for us in our firewall business. And to be honest, I will tell you this in two years from now when you look back, you'll say, yes you guys did a great job, transforming your business to hardware, to software because there's a high probability the industry starts to slow down on hardware because people realize they are moving faster to network transformation, cloud transformation. And when that happens, you need two years of prep work together.
Luis Visoso: Thanks Patrick. Thank you for the congratulations. And first of all, I'm looking at Lee just to confirm what I'm going to say, is that we have no enterprise agreements wherever we blend Cloud AI and network security.
Luis Visoso: So first and foremost, any of the cloud and AI stuff does not get bundled with our hardware deals or does not get bundled with software deals. We probably have no enterprise agreements where we blend all of our Prisma SASE and hardware and software firewalls. We don't. So Prisma SASE deals and also independent of that. So most of our enterprise agreements are still firewall plus subscription agreements, whether they are hardware and software and a subscription, they are still the agreements that have continued in Palo Alto Networks for the last 15 years. None of the new stuff is included in enterprise agreements because we don't believe that we have to create cross-product discounting to try and encourage customers to use them. We want our new products to stand on their own, and be sold on their own and be able to – be on a consumption model, which is much more transparent and much easier to manage if they're not part of it, large bundle discount deal. So that's answer number one. Our enterprise deals refer to hardware plus subscription updates. So in that context, any customer who wants to do an enterprise agreement with us is probably an existing hardware customer with subscriptions, where they are going to buy more subscriptions and promise to buy more hardware from us over the next three years. And that's why you do an enterprise agreement, saying hey, I'm going to go from a 100 firewalls to 200 firewalls if I paid you so much money for all your subscriptions in the next three years, can I have a deal where I don't have to keep being every time I buy a new firewall for subscription. So most of our enterprise deals take on the form of if you commit to a large amount of hardware purchase, you can get a bundled price for subscriptions, which you don't have to pay incrementally for. That's the nature of our deals. Hence, our EAs are pretty much dependent on our hardware business. And as I said to a question earlier that most of our EAs are based on renewal deals because nobody walks in front saying, I want to buy the state of thousand firewalls tomorrow sign me up. It's typically I've got 200 more I'm going to get 200 because I'm through a transformation of Palo Alto Networks, can I just hurry up and get a renewal of a larger number if I commit to more hardware because I love your product.
Nikesh Arora: Sterling, thank you. We include the SD-WAN revenues mostly in our Prisma SASE product, which goes in the overall firewall as a platform billing. So you will see the impact of SD-WAN and our firewall as a platform billings number. Then we continue to see strengthen the SD-WAN category, as well as the entire SASE categories I mentioned. I think most remote work transformation, network transformations are not done. They're early in their sort of journey. And I think most of our customers are realizing that they're going to have to migrate their network infrastructure to more of an SD-WAN style infrastructure, as well as then we'll probably have to sustain a 100% percent capacity for remote working for much longer than anybody thought.
Nikesh Arora: Even that on box SD-WAN subscription is part of our subscriptions number, which again shows up in the FY billings number. In this new left-hand side we just showed you.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, I think, Keith, the best way to think about it is that the software side of that business continues to see strong growth. The SASE pieces, Prisma access pieces, the SD-WAN capability and CloudGenix, that is also where we capture our subscription growth. Our subscriptions have gone from four to eight. We just launched the LP, which is getting sort of lots of interesting – a lot of interest from our existing customers. IoT which is very early still for us. It's also getting a lot of interest from our customers. SD-WAN ends up being part of a larger SD-WAN sort of infrastructure deal where they will turn on the SD-WAN capability in the firewall, and then they will also buy pure SD-WAN with CloudGenix and the architectures work, so they work together. So we expect most of the growth is going to come from the software side of the house. As we shared the VMs, I have gone over 10,000 customers. We've seen a lot of interest and activity there in the VM space. As we highlighted, we've launched the 5G capability, containerized firewall 5G capability, which is unique in the industry. We're going back to our service provider partners and saying, look, this is what you need to get 5G done, right? And to help your customers leverage 5G use cases that they're deploying.  So I expect a lot of the growth should come in the software side. The hardware customers are mostly refresh and some are existing customers. In some cases, you'll see people go away from legacy vendors who provide hardware firewalls. Sometimes we will see hardware wins, which come as part of an overall platform deal where people want to deploy the entire Palo Alto blueprint across their infrastructure. So hardware is harder than software, especially in the current environment.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, the enterprise agreements typically kick in stronger in renewables than in the first phases of our deal. So a lot of the deal – a lot of the original, the only business comes as on a product by product basis until we get to a scale where customers is, wait a minute, it makes much more sense for me to go consolidate all that stuff. It's rarely you'll see somebody walking in salon a $20 million, $30 deal. And let's go rip out everything in our infrastructure and replace with Palo Alto Networks. We see that it happens incrementally over time with our customers, as they get one product, they enjoy it, they get the next set of products, and we've seen that happen on a recurring basis in the last two, two and a half years I've been here. We expect they will continue to be important, but they're typically kicking in renewal. So we have reasonably good visibility as to which customers are up for renewal where it makes sense for them to be pitched enterprise agreement. But they play their fair role in our renewal capability. Well, we make sure that our teams understand that you cannot just renew somebody and call it an enterprise agreement. There has to be a significant amount of upsell and deployment of new products into the customer base before qualifies for enterprise agreement. And this hat is a little smaller. I tried on the weekend.
Nikesh Arora: I'm going to have my friend Lee Klarich to answer that question, since he's been sitting, just smiling. Go ahead, Lee.
Nikesh Arora: As I mentioned, Brian, on the last call, the two largest parts of the gross margin are clearly are cloud infrastructure pieces. And we have worked hard both in Luis' team and in Luis' efforts in trying to lease those cost down. And we have a very clear line of sight as to how and when those costs will go down, so we're very comfortable saying that those gross margins should improve significantly in the next two to three years, that’s one part of it. The other part is, as you know, this is the revenue against cost metric and revenue comes in ratably, the costs come in front-loaded in customer success. Our deployment costs and customer deployment requirement is like we have to deploy $1 million deal in two months right now. At our cost to point the deal is now the $1 million come over two years. So you will see as that business scales, the customer success pieces in the pre-course gross margin numbers become relatively smaller compared to the total revenue side, but that also gives you a natural margin progression in the right direction.
Nikesh Arora: I think we've maybe mentioned before the – I think a lot of early cloud adoption from enterprises was sort of more lift and shift. We saw take an application in the data center and simply move it to the cloud without rearchitecting it, without leveraging a lot of the benefits of the cloud. And the more mature companies, from a cloud perspective, are now taking more of a cloud-native approach. And those cloud-native approach sometimes is obviously leveraging PaaS services, but one of the key aspects is increasingly using containerized security architectures and deployment architectures. Interesting enough, that also sometimes comes back on-premise as well. And so as there is a greater and greater usage of containerized architectures, cloud-native architectures, the Prisma Cloud compute security capabilities become very important. And this obviously, for us, comes from the acquisition of Twistlock. We made about 1.5 years ago. And at the time it was best-in-class. We continue to invest in it and continue to receive great feedback from our customers when they do take advantage of it.
Nikesh Arora: Well, they shouldn't net against each other because you see the four new subs that we've added, we believe, should be applicable to majority of our customers. And most of our customers don't have them. I mean, the one which has seen some traction, which we talked about last quarter, was our DNS Security sub, which is penetrated over 5% or 6% of our base. So we expect there is still a lot of runway in the new subscriptions to be able to penetrate our base of 70,000-plus Firewall customers. So we don't think that, that should all be on top of the product base that we have out there. And whilst product revenues are flat, our install base continues to rise because this is a one-time sale. Every time we sell, it's to, hopefully, a new set of customers. And over time some of them renew. So I think you are still seeing customer acquisition as is it evident from the 8000 new customers we have between last year and this year. Although they are prime candidates for subscriptions that get attached. In addition to that some of these customers whilst they might be flat from product revenue, they are deploying Prisma SASE or Prisma Access, also deploying VMs where VMs and Prisma Access also allow you to do subscriptions. The subscriptions are not specific only to our hardware business. You can get as of soon DLP with Prisma Access, you can get IoT with Prisma Access. So our subscriptions go past, they apply not only to the 70,000 hardware customers, they apply it to a significant part of our 10,000 software virtual firewall customers or a 1000 Prisma SASE customers.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, my CFO will not, let me tell you the number of exact number of new cloud AI customers. But I will tell you there's a significant part of the – both of the Fortune 100 and Global 2000 base, where they have no interest in some of our hardware products, because these are born in the cloud companies, so they are going through cloud transformation. So we are seeing a reasonable number, a significant number of customers, be our first time customers in Prisma Cloud customers who had no interest in buying a firewall because many of them don't have a substantive data center, but they have a cloud presence because that's kind of what they chose to go with. And now with the eight modules, seven modules we provide in Prisma Cloud, they find it interesting to go down that platform route. Many of our customers who are on the defense side or the financial services side where we've not had such a strong presence are getting – we are seeing renewed interest, both in the cloud transformation, as well as the data collection capabilities, Cortex XDR and hopefully expense in the future. So, we're seeing a new set of customers we're able to address with our cloud AI solutions, which we were not able to address with our hardware capabilities.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, to your first question, yes, margin is off slightly year-over-year. So yes, we are raising our guidance on margin, so you are right. And you are also right our fiscal year margin is impacted by Expanse, which we basically offset all of that. Right. So we factored that in and we covered the cost and even though – even despite of that we’re going on. And yes, we're benchmarking ourselves against the best you have in the market, right. And we want to get towards those margins as well. And we think it's very reasonable to do that as we gain scale and as we deliver the savings that we talked just a few minutes ago, right. Some of the savings that we are working with Lee’s team, Lee and his team, and some of the savings that we think we can get just as we gain more scale. So that should clearly improve. But that's kind of where we're going. Now think about some of the best-in-class companies out there. And that's where we're benchmarking against to deliver.
Nikesh Arora: That was, that was a, quite an impactful way to end the question. But the NGS products, it's kind of interesting as I parse them down, we include Prisma SASE and NGS. We continue to see tremendous amounts of traction in Prisma SASE. Prisma Access continues to go from strength to strength. As I mentioned, we think we four or five, 10 quarters ago, Prisma Access was GPCS, it didn't kind of have enough traction. Now we see tough comps being lapped with great numbers, partly driven by the pandemic response, partly driven by the fact that finally near standing at the top of the roof and claiming the proxy solution that don't fully work. If somebody is hearing him because people want a full-stack firewall and the firewall in the cloud. So a lot of success for Prisma Access front. We think that continues to sustain itself SD-WAN and SASE going forward for the next few years. Prisma Cloud is kind of a different story. It was kind of like, we'll see more benefits in the future because right now we're in expand mode, land mode and we're getting more and more customers, but really we are dependent on the customers’ ability to transform their existing infrastructure to the cloud. So we're getting in there, we're getting our modules in, we're trying to do upsells, get them to use more and more of our product. As they spend more – put more workloads in the cloud Prisma Cloud will see continued ARR growth in the future. On the Cortex XDR front, it's competitive with many XDR vendors out there. Again, we're seeing traction because we have a large install base of traps, which many of that is converting to XDR. We're also seeing new customers where we compete to the likes of Cylance, Crowdstrike and [indiscernible], et cetera. And there, XSOAR, we think is now way larger than any other automation product out there from a security automation perspective. And we think the combination of Expanse, and XDR and XSOAR holds tremendous promise. But I think that's more a next fiscal year thing. This fiscal year I expect Prisma Access, Prisma SASE, I expect the Prisma suite to do really well and XDR to really – XDR to do really well independently. I think we'll see more and Expanse expense plus XDR in the next fiscal year. That gives you a better sense. And of course, VMs continue to do great for us because people are finally realizing you can put a virtual firewall against your third instance and they need one.
Nikesh Arora: Brent, thanks for the question. Look last year, the year before that, when I started, we had a large kicker to get our NGS jump-started and hopefully a billion dollars ARR by the end of this fiscal year, it tells you that we were able to jumpstart it, although that caused some consternation in our product business, as you guys are fully aware of. So we normalized that last year. So we did not create that much of a jump between NGS and a product and things have stabilized. I'll tell you that the one change we've made this year and you should see it in the left side and right inside, be sure you, we have focused our cloud AI team to believe, to build ACV and ARR, right? And our Network Security business is more TCV oriented. So if you were ever to see an impact or shrubs, the way what's going on your billings versus ARR, and that's why we started this disclosure today about showing you the left-hand side is very focused on revenue, operating margin, gross margin and billings, the right-hand side is a very much an ARR business because we believe the huge opportunity we have in front of us should be focused on ACV. And that's why, answering Patrick's question about what do we do with the EAs, I don't want to, bury next-generation regarding revenue products in the EAs because sometimes the EAs you get customers buying a lot of stuff then they choose what they want to use later. I'm focused on making sure every one of our cloud and AI product gets deployed the time to value is very high or short, the time to value short and value is very high. I want to make sure there's consumption increased, I want to make sure there are contracts in place will allow people to spend more as they consume more. So the big shift we made at this time of big or minor shift is we've made sure people focus both on the ARR side and the TCV side, in our business, our sales team. As you can imagine, we didn't have an ARR business. We can report ARR, but we didn't have any ARR focus on our firewall business. I hope that helps answer the question.
Nikesh Arora: Well thank you, Karen. And thank you everyone for dialing in. And, I want to normally not what I would do in an earning’s call but I want to applaud the work of Luis and our finance teams. This was a tough, close to get done in 10 days before our user conference. At the same time, based on your feedback, we spent a lot of time with auditors and others to make sure that we were able to show the split because all of you wanted more transparency in our cloud AI business and network security business. I hope you see, by just disclosure, we are building two great businesses at Palo Alto Networks, and we are going to continue to focus on trying to build a share of our value across both these segments and we'll keep looking as to what's the best way to increase more transparency and see if it makes sense on the longer-term to be more regular about these updates. But hopefully you found that disclosure useful. I want to thank you again. I wish your families and you have very safe and happy Thanksgiving next week. We look forward to seeing many of you in our upcoming weeks at our investor conferences. I know I'll be talking to some of you shortly after. I also want to, once again, shout out to our Palo Alto Networks family, our employees, our customers, and our entire ecosystem thank you very much, everybody. And go Palo Alto Networks.
Lee Klarich: Thank you, Nikesh. Good question, Jonathan. We’ve seen in the SD-WAN space in particular is even though it provides obviously a lot of value to customers, it's still can be very clunky. It can still be very difficult to roll out deploy operationalize. And obviously the approach for CloudGenix, we think we address many of those challenges, but further the integration with Prisma Access, where we can also deliver the cloud network and integrate those two together. And as you heard Nikesh stated earlier, we recently introduced an ability for those to be deployed with basically one-click integration.  And so all of that combination that we bring together as SASE is starting to resonate with our customers, and we see that as the future architecture for how customers are going to connect their branch offices, remote sites to a cloud of our network with cloud security and address those deployment challenges while gaining the best security they can.
Lee Klarich: About 18 months? Yes, I'd say we said 3000 last quarters, 3000, I think, my math says is approximately…
Lee Klarich: Yes. Thanks for the question, Matthew. When you look at the DLP market, it's been around for a long time. It hasn't changed a whole lot during that time. And it was therefore sort of designed and architected for a very on-prem world. It largely assumes that employees all show up to the office, applications are all in the data center and everything is sort of well contained. As you look at today's world, users are – employees are working from anywhere, applications are increasingly running into cloud and the legacy DLP on-prem architecture does not work as well anymore. And so what we've done is built a DLP service that runs in the cloud and then can connect into all the different enforcement points that are needed, whether that's one of our hardware devices in the data center, prem whether that's Prisma Access, whether that's Prisma Cloud for cloud workload and storage security. And so we can take that single DOP cloud engine and integrate it with all of those enforcement points, really designed for this new way in which networks are deployed, applications are deployed. And so we think that's a very more appropriate architecture and we're getting it's early, but we're getting very positive feedback from our customers and interest in that approach.
Lee Klarich: Well, there's a varied impact around the world, given where people are on this pandemic scale and degree of difficulty in terms of being able to execute in their own environments here, we still see that different parts of Asia are doing better than the others because they're going through their emotions of trying to deal with the pandemic. See similar behavior in Europe, we saw in early part of the quarter was normal in Europe. It's gotten subsequently harder because Europe has started to shut down. So we're seeing different impacts across the Board. But as you know, these deals don't happen in days. These deals happen in months. So there's already always work that's been going on for the last many months for these deals to culminate towards the end of the quarter. So generally speaking, as I said, you know, Europe is okay, it is scattered, the U.S. continues to be strong. I think as I said, we are going to get tested in the, and I don't mean COVID testing the COVID is going to test us. We do get tested pretty much, very often, but COVID is going to test all of us in the next three months, because I think the winter is coming. And we're hoping that all the work that the teams have been able to do in the last few months will bear through the winter. But yes, I think, international continues to be – look, there's two parts to it, one is native strand, the other is investment. So we are continuing to invest internationally because we were not as invested, I would say internationally two, two and a half years ago. We're making investments around the world. We're also investing in making sure our cloud and AI businesses are visible across various customer bases because in many cases, the hardware business, hadn't been able to be of much significance many countries around the world, but we're going back and re-investing in cloud and AI. So I think that counteracts some of the natural weakness based on the pandemic. But we'll see what happens the next few months.
