Mark Anderson: Yes. Hi, Phil. It’s Mark Anderson here. I think we’re going to see more of the same. I think we have strong motions with partners and sales teams around the world with a really good coverage model focusing on growing their existing customers and expanding into new customers. I think the wind has probably never been more behind our sails than it is right now just in terms of our brand in the market and the reputation for driving better security outcomes. We’ve got I think a team that’s focused on doing both of these work streams as part of their day-to-day job.
Mark Anderson: And if I can just add on top of that, Nikesh, I think we both feel when we talk to customers about it that they love the notion, they love the concept. They love the idea of being able to distil innovation into much more consumable form factors. And I think more importantly, prospects that we’re talking to we talk about the application framework as a future state for them and it gives them real sort of strong belief that picking Palo Alto Networks as their future provider is the right way to go.
Mark Anderson: Yes, just with regards to channel partners, Jonathan, I think the value proposition for them is quite compelling. I think most of them tend to focus on four or five different vendors and apply the training necessary to enable their people to be trusted advisors for those four or five different companies. We now give them the opportunity to partner with many partners. We’re doing the integration work with the application framework and abstracting the complexity out of provisioning that innovation. So it’s really a compelling proposition for them. Most partners that I’ve talked to are busy looking at how they can build an application themselves, how they can take advantage of the application framework to deepen their ties with their customers.
Mark Anderson: Yes, and Walter if I can just underline that. Our customers are working with our sales teams and our partners to solve really important business problems for them and that inevitably leads them to buying into our security operating platform notion, which provides consistent security controls wherever they put their data and their applications and infrastructure employees. So I think buying into that architecture is a really big difference between what we do and what everybody else does. And I think that’s why we’re enjoying such tailwinds relative to the market.
Nikesh Arora: Hi. Thanks for your question. When I’ve talked to customers, as I mentioned, the challenge seems to be a lot of point solution in the industry. And from my perspective the app framework is definitely the long-term direction both for us and for the industry. The way we’re trying to think about it internally is to make sure that we get out big products to start working together much better. So I expect us to start making – see more and more integration between our firewall products and our endpoint products, like sort of in the XDR world as we’ve acquired Secdo and we’re busy working hard to make these things go live together. At the same time, obviously, we want the application framework to be useful for other third parties. So the more third party players we can get to adopt our model, the more we can get our products to work together and more we can provide customers the opportunity to be able to see how to look at their threat, how to look at their security posture across multiple parts of their infrastructure. For us, that is a win.
Nikesh Arora: Thank you for your question. I just want to remind you that this is day 90 on the job for me and my cybersecurity knowledge is only restricted to my ability to read everything in cybersecurity, meet industry players and constantly pepper Lee, Nir and Rajiv and the team with questions. So having said that, that’s a good question. Where do we see the company five years from now? It’s kind of very fascinating. As I go talking to customers, they’re obviously trying to protect things that they can as quickly and easily as they can. And if you think about the bad actors, they’re busy trying to attack the most vulnerable part of infrastructure which is the easiest thing they can crack. What’s important is they’re getting more and more sort of best-of-breed in terms of use of computing, use of data, use of technology and we need to be able to match them and do better than them in terms of our ability to understand data and be able to deploy large amounts of computing against it. So 5 to 10 years from now I think this is going to become a data game and an AI game and an ML game. It will be impossible for human beings to be able to protect companies with large enterprise infrastructures because the whole world is going to the cloud and there’s tons and tons of data being created every day. If you believe that, then to be able to apply good AI and ML is very important to get right data in; garbage in, garbage out, good stuff in we’re more likely to get a good outcome. So I think part of what Lee and Nir and the team have been working on is to make sure that we produce good data from the products we have. So a lot of the acquisitions that Palo Alto Networks has made have been very strategic in their ability to collect the right data. And that allows us to create the version of a Logging Service in the application framework that we are aspiring to create. So you can expect us to keep trying to put good data into our Logging Service, keep trying to encourage both our internal teams and partners to write applications against that Logging Service so it’s no longer a point solution that endpoint solves for endpoint, that firewall solves for firewalls and cloud security solves for cloud security. You see a threat once anywhere and you have the ability to figure out what to do with it across all parts of infrastructure. So that’s what we’d like to be, is being able to look at threats across any sort of ingress point, into infrastructure, any user and be able to give you a solution that fixes that at the other end. Now over time you want AI and ML to do this and it’s a journey from getting there from where we are. But given all the products we have in place, all the ingredients we have in place, I’m personally very excited that we have the skill set and the capability and the people and the resources to get there.
Nikesh Arora: Look, I think it’s fair to say that Palo Alto Networks has grown at an amazing pace and as we grow at an amazing pace, there are things that you could have done better as we were growing. So part of the opportunity collectively is the management need to sit down and say, look, what have we been ignoring? What can we collectively put our efforts behind? Where can we improve our execution? And how do we compare with other players in the industry? What is our strategic vision? Where should we go from here? So I think generally that’s what me and the team have been doing for the last 90 days and the team has been very collaborative and open to rethinking certain things. Having said that, as I mentioned both in my due diligence before I got to Palo Alto Networks and in my last 90 days, there are no major obstacles to being able to achieve the vision that I laid out. And we have a collective opportunity as management to continue to hone our execution, continue to stay focused. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that one of the best things we’ve done in the last 90 days is sit down with Lee and the product team and say, look, to win in this space we have to be a product company first which is how we got here in the first place. So let’s make sure that our product teams are aligned towards the opportunities and we are being very honest with ourselves in terms of how do we get scale and how do we win in these areas. And we’ve taken the step towards streamlining our teams and getting more focused. And now the plan is to put more work behind those arrows and be able to compete effectively in all those places. So it’s sort of work as an entrepreneurial empowered team in each of our product areas to go ahead and solve the problem for our customers, at the same time keep the integrated fabric of our aspiration to have a common set of data coming from all of our products so we can actually solve the larger problem as we get smarter about applying AI and ML to these opportunities.
Nikesh Arora: Hi, Michael. The first application for the application framework actually was Magnifier which does user behavior analytics and that’s a very sort of telling example of the kinds of applications that we can build with the right data brought to right place in a centralized fashion. It’s basically a way of applying machine learning to a very challenging kind of security capability that in the past often was very difficult to use, because it was heavily people oriented. And shifting that toward machine learning and automation is the kind of example for the applications that we’re going to be focused on. Now when you do bring data to the central location, there’s obviously a whole bunch of other options that present themselves, whether it has to do with intelligence, analytics, data visualization, automation, et cetera. And some of those will be things that we will take on ourselves and a lot of those will be things that third parties are able to build applications.
Nikesh Arora: I’ll give you my learnings of 90 days and Lee can jump in with more. I think the whole cloud space is a huge opportunity and I think it’s still early because people are just beginning to move their workloads and mass to the cloud and trying to understand what their internal operating infrastructure looks like. As that becomes to get more robust, they’re going to understand the need for having the same features and tools that they’ve had in their traditional infrastructure. And I think there are a lot of tools which need to be created which don’t exist and which are not going to come from your native cloud providers. So they’re going to be looking for third party like us or others to provide those capabilities. I think that’s why I said there’s an area we can do a lot better in. But we are focusing our speedboats towards that area and you’ll hear more from us in upcoming quarters about progress in those areas. But clearly as you’ve identified, GlobalProtect we believe is a unique product which has a lot of used cases and our opportunity and challenge is to be able to hone each of those used cases and really go aggressively in those categories and the different used cases to try and make sure customers understand the benefit and value of that product. Lee, if you want to add.
Nikesh Arora: I think part of what – as you saw some of the changes we’ve already made – I talked about, one is Lee’s really focused the team because what we want to understand is clearly how each of these product areas can go out and become big for us and win for us. We felt that we needed to put more sort of directed effort in the application framework and Nir himself has decided to jump in. And he’s leading the application framework team to keep moving them in line with our strategy of moving faster. So, one is clearly speed. I think second is we’re giving all those product leaders go-to-market partners who are basically focused with them to become more entrepreneurial and go faster. So part of what we’re trying to do is that this is an industry which has a lot of vendors, a lot of partners, a lot of players, an industry that’s moving really fast and we’re trying to figure out how we can leverage the benefits of being a large player in this space and being a cybersecurity leader, at the same time not give up the ability to move fast, move quickly, try, fail, try again, execute. So we’re trying to keep the entrepreneurial spirit reinvigorated and try and make this a company which actually can balance those two things, which is both an opportunity and our challenge going forward.
Nikesh Arora: Look, I’d like to make a very clear point here. You should not hear the word consolidation from us. You will hear the word integration from Palo Alto Networks, but never the word consolidation. And the distinction I make and I’ve made it internally and for you is that for us consolidation means then being able to buy from the same person. We’re not interested in that. We’re interested in solving multiple problems for the same customers ourselves. That’s actually the bigger effort. It requires a lot more thinking, a lot more work on our part to make two things work together. That’s why you see when we bought Secdo, it’s not that we started selling Secdo in addition to selling our firewalls. We basically took the product team inside. We’re reintegrating them into our architecture. We’re trying to make it work with our stuff so that when the customer comes in, look, I’ve just checked another box and get more capability across multiple pieces of infrastructure. The customer definitely wants that and they will buy it if you can actually prove that they don’t have to learn two different policy systems, two different management panes, two different ways of managing threat vectors. They want the ability to manage across their threat landscape from fewer tools and they want it to be as good as other products that they could’ve bought. So they want both. They want best-of-breed and they also want integration. So, you’re right. The reason they’re buying point solutions is because somebody comes and tells them this is best-of-breed. They go buy that best-of-breed. Nobody wants to be caught with a breach and say oh, my God, I bought something that was easier to buy than one that was better. So they definitely want best-of-breed, but they also want it to work together because they know when they have 140 vendors across their enterprise, they can’t sleep well at night.
Nikesh Arora: Look, I personally had very encouraging discussions with the leaders of all the three public cloud providers out there over the last 90 days and the CEOs of their companies. So clearly they understand that there’s a shared responsibility between the customer and them. They don’t want to take the entire onus of security onto themselves. At the same time, even to somebody’s earlier question, in that case, nobody wants one vendor to provide the solution. And most solutions that customers are deploying are multi-cloud or hybrid cloud, in which case they want a third party to provide that capability. Yes, we do need some access to certain parts of the APIs, et cetera. We have to figure out the container stuff for them. So there’s stuff that we need to do. I’ll let Lee answer that because that’s past my 90-day expectation of understanding but Lee can jump in.
Nikesh Arora: Everyone, thank you very much for joining us for our earnings call, my maiden earnings call at Palo Alto Networks. In closing, I’d like to thank all the employees at the company, our customers and our partners for the amazing work they’ve done so far. This is really the beginning for us and for me and I’m excited to see what’s in store for us in the future. Thanks again for all of your time.
Kathy Bonanno: Sure. Yes. Thanks, Matt. We’re definitely very excited about the opportunity that refresh presents to us. Obviously, it’s an important opportunity for us and we are definitely very focused on capturing that opportunity. But as we’ve already discussed, most of the opportunity for us comes from attracting new customers, winning new customers and expanding within our existing base. We’ve seen very consistent pricing throughout our history. Our deal size tends to remain in the sort of mid-five figures and we’re not really seeing a change to that. What we focus primarily on is expanding the lifetime value. And we’ve seen very nice continued expansion of lifetime value over time with our customers.
Kathy Bonanno: Yes. This is Kathy. We’ve seen pretty consistent contract lengths or durations as I mentioned during my remarks. We haven’t really seen any change in that to speak of and we’ve been adding more and more of our revenue base from subscriptions as more and more of our new offerings tend to be in subscription format. So we’re getting customers to commit to us on average for about a three-year duration, which has been pretty consistent over time.
Kathy Bonanno: Yes, absolutely. We saw really nice product growth this year and this quarter as well, so we’re really pleased with the product trajectory. The new products that we’ve introduced are being very well accepted in the marketplace and we’re having a lot of success selling those new product offerings. So we’re really excited about them in the marketplace. Obviously we haven’t guided to product revenue in the future. And all I can really tell you about that is we feel good about our position in the market and we’ve seen and expect to see continued good performance of our products in the market.
Kathy Bonanno: Sure. In terms of billings growth, I would say the same thing that we’ve been talking about for some time. Our primary driver of growth continues to be expansion within our existing customer base and trying to drive that lifetime value higher. And we’ve had a lot of success with that as you know and that has worked out very well for us and continues to be the primary driver. We’re also seeing nice new customer acquisitions, which is very important for us as well. And those two movements really dwarf any other opportunities that we have. We’ve talked about refresh in the past. That’s a very important opportunity for us. So when we think about the magnitude and the numbers, it really comes primary from expansion and the new customer acquisitions.
Kathy Bonanno: Sure. We’re really comfortable with where our gross margins are right now. We’ve been operating within a gross margin range that we’ve talked about for some time now, 75% to 78%. And what the current gross margins reflect is the fact that we’ve introduced a lot of new products. And when we introduce new products, they tend to be lower margin. We expect those to increase over time. So the fact that we’re selling a lot of new products we’re very excited about, we would expect that those margins will improve over time but we’re always looking at a range of margins within the various products that we sell. And obviously we haven’t provided guidance for gross margins into the future, but we’re comfortable with where we are now given the fact that we’ve got so many new products in our mix right now. And we’re also continuing to invest, not on the product side, on the services side in the application framework and Logging Service, et cetera, which is also impacting our overall gross margin.
Kathy Bonanno: Yes. So, look, I really view this as more of a returning to our practice prior to fiscal '17 when we had always provided quarterly revenue and EPS guidance. And in fiscal '17, we felt the need to provide additional metrics and more longer-term guidance given that we undertook a sales restructuring during that year. But we are beyond that. We’re very comfortable with your ability to model. We’re very comfortable with our ability to execute. So we feel like returning to that prior practice is appropriate at this time.
Kathy Bonanno: Yes, I think that the important thing to note is that the biggest opportunities for us continue to be motions that we have executed on year-after-year-after-year. So continuing to expand within our existing base and continuing to attract and win new customers. And that remains the vast driver of our growth. And I would just say perhaps when we look at our product performance, we introduced new products during the last 15 months that have been very well received in the market, which is allowing us to solve new use cases, win new customers and definitely keep nice win rates against our competition. So we don’t feel like these are one-time benefits to our company. And refresh is certainly an important opportunity, but I’ve mentioned before the real opportunity comes from continued expansion and winning new customers.
Lee Klarich: Yes. Thanks. This is Lee Klarich here. So we’re very pleased with the progress we’ve made with Traps. We’re very prevention focused in how we approach the endpoint security market. There’s a lot of opportunity there for us to take advantage of. With the acquisition of Secdo, it gives an opportunity to expand that footprint toward EDR. And as we’ve looked at that and we’ve made progress on it, our views have of course expanded to thinking about not just what we can do for endpoint data but what we can do with data collector across the entire platform. And the ability to do that is in large part enabled by position and execution we’re doing in the application framework that brings these different components together, it brings the data together in one place and enables us to build applications to take advantage of that.
Lee Klarich: This notion of sort of zero-touch architecture is not a new concept and international segmentation and micro-segmentation, these are all used cases that have been around actually for many years and it’s been something that we’ve been very strong for many years as well. And so while the new appliances with higher performance and higher capacity certainly are a very good fit for this used case, it’s part of a go-to-market motion that is not new to us and something we’re very good at.
Lee Klarich: Yes. Look, if you think about what it takes to properly secure an enterprise and particularly mobile users, remote networks, branch offices, et cetera, our view and philosophy is you need to secure all applications, all traffic, all locations, all users with very consistent and sophisticated security capabilities. And we think we’re very uniquely positioned with GlobalProtect and GlobalProtect cloud service to be able to do that.
Lee Klarich: Absolutely. So just to clarify what Nikesh said in prepared remarks, what I’ve done within my organization is create focus across the different product areas with leaders that have sort of the empowerment, the leadership, the ability to make decisions quickly and drive the product strategy and innovation. And that’s about me creating the structure within the team. What that then creates for me is the ability to then focus on the areas that we view as being the highest opportunity in the future; cloud, application framework, et cetera.
Lee Klarich: Absolutely. A good question. First of all, we’re doing a lot of what you just said. We are taking data from much of the platform into Logging Service and being able to deploy machine learning to that with the Magnifier application. And we’re very pleased with the progress we’ve continued to make on that. And in the prepared remarks, we talked about just last week releasing the production-ready APIs that will enable third party applications to be delivered most likely later this month. So that’s where we’re at and we continue to make a lot of progress. From a future state perspective, and I think we’ve painted this vision many times over. We envision collecting more and more data from more and more customers and applying more and more of our own and third party applications against that. And the response that we’ve seen from customers has been tremendous. They buy into the vision. They understand how it solves important problems that they’ve been facing in very unique ways that others are not able to do.
Lee Klarich: Yes, that’s an interesting question. When I think about automation, I think about it from a number of different ways. And actually I believe that the most valuable automation is the automation that no one even sees. And it’s the automation that we’re able to do natively within the platform where things just happen and the customers just benefit from it. So when you ask a question about orchestration, it’s like yes, it’s a necessary component, but often orchestration is used to make up for a lack of integration. And so yes, we will enable it. We have partners that do it. They do important things. But we’re going to always be looking to see in terms of the unique value that we can provide how do we more natively automate things in the back end and actually reduce the necessity to have external orchestration.
Lee Klarich: Yes. There’s a lot that they already do and work closely with engineering to engineering to enable the things that we need to secure our joint customers in the cloud. Now we’re also constantly working with them to expand and further enable that tight integration, which makes it easier for our customers to consume and leverage our security capabilities within these environments.
