Nikesh Arora: Thanks Keith. Thanks for the question. I think it's fair to say as the pandemic hit, we saw a spurt of activity in the first few weeks, where customers wanted to rush and create more capacity to be able to support their remote workers; so people asking for more firewalls or chassis cards to expand capacity, people doing our GlobalProtect trials to see if they can fill in the remote work capability by using our free option that we've offered, because we want to support our customers.  Some people accelerated their Prisma Access trials into full purchase orders, because they wanted to get it deployed quickly and we put in teams to go deploy. So definitely there was an early surge in the first few weeks. I'd say on the margin in the quarter, there were puts and takes. There were things that got slowed down because customers are not in the office, the federal government can't have half their people go in. So all those things cause puts and takes. So I'd say the puts and takes probably gave us a slight bump, but not a substantial bump in the last quarter. And to be fair, I think some of these trends are going to be here to stay. I suspect that most companies want to maintain their remote secure access capabilities coming out of the pandemic, we announced today a policy called FLEXWORK. We're allowing our employees to come into work as many times a week as they want when things open. We're not dictating everybody has to come to the office, which means we have to maintain a remote secure capacity across our entire employee base, because now they will split their time between our office as well as their homes. And I think that's going to be true for many companies. If you see the last week, multiple companies have announced that they don't expect all their employees to come back to work. So I think that extra remote secure capacity has to be created. I don't think every company has actually scaled up to that. I think that's going to be a sustainable trend for the next three, four quarters. So I don't think that's a onetime support, that's going to be systemic. In the industry, I think the cloud transformations are real, I think those are getting accelerated. I think it's just going to be the puts and takes in terms of people who can get business done in the next three months or not, versus people who are accelerating their spending.
Nikesh Arora: Well, we have no reason to believe so far, as what we've seen in May, that our guidance is not achievable. Otherwise we would not have guided. I think that's the best answer I can give you.
Nikesh Arora: So Walter, let me take that one. We announced as soon as we got out of the gate of the pandemic that we're not going to have any COVID-related layoffs. Because it's very important for our employee base to feel secure and comfortable during these times, as people having to work from home.  We have been pretty ahead of the curve in making sure we had enough resources to cover our base on revenue and support our sales team. There are ample resources, both in acquisition and in our hiring processes to make sure that our product teams have enough runway to go build products. I think, it's only been two months, as we power through the pandemic, as we start seeing signs of economic recovery, you will see us continue to ramp up hiring again. At this point in time, we've just been prudent, and we're hiring very, very critical roles, which we believe are needed to continue to keep momentum on our projects, both on the go-to-market side, as well as our product side.  So we're not anticipating any impact of our slowing down of hiring in our ability to produce results. We're just being cautious in these times to make sure we align that with how the market unfolds. So yes. In terms of -- the other part is your expense question. Look, I think people haven't realized the expense categories that have shifted when nobody travels, you don't have any face-to-face conferences, you don't have people in the office, a lot of certain spending goes away. You have to shift that spend to provide capability for employees. So as we announced this morning, our FLEXWORK program, we increased allowance for employees to be able to make their homes more comfortable, so that they can actually work more effectively and productively from home. And there's a longer note, which is in our blog post, you can go and take a look at it. But we expect when we come back out of this pandemic, the way people work is going to change. We've introduced this concept called FLEXWORK, where people we think will in the long-term work partly from home and partly from the office, which will eventually require us to rethink our workplaces. I've seen other companies offer people to move out of the state, or the city. I've seen other companies say don't come back to work ever again. We don't think it's going to be as extreme, but we do believe there'll be a shift in the way we think about employees. We think about travel, we think about meetings, and that is going to create a different cost structure.
Nikesh Arora: Sterling, I think it's fair to say we're all very focused on how our Q3 happened and how we plan our Q4. And we're all sort of digging deep to understand what this means over the following 12 months. We have visibility into Q4, we obviously have some visibility in Q1. As we progress through Q4, we haven't really put our heads down in terms of what this actually translates into, which we will talk about more, at the end of Q4. All I'm talking about the bumpy ride is the macroeconomic environment is not coming back as most people expect. And we were experimenting one day in the office and it feels weird, having to wear a mask as you walk around, having to rub my hands six times in an hour, and the softest hands I've ever had. And all these things are going to take time for us to adapt to as our employees. They're cautious about coming back to work. I think that's going to have ripple-through impact to our customers and our capabilities. The good news is I think the worst is over. I think now we're slowly building back to an economic recovery, which means our customers are more relaxed and are more interesting to see how they create these technological transformations that need to happen in their business. So I feel that that's going to happen. All I'm saying is it may not fall neatly into quarters like it used to fall neatly into quarters. That's kind of the only way -- takeaway from my comment.
Nikesh Arora: I think it's going to be huge. But since Lee Klarich is here, and I feel like he has to answer the question, and this is a perfect question for me to give my friend Lee.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. Fatima, thank you for the question. I don't think we've seen much, we've changed much in our EAA and ELA activity. I think what's primarily happened is that, we've seen a healthy balance between new logos and existing customers buying into some of these products. Like Prisma Cloud has opened up a whole new set of customers to us, who are more cloud centric, cloud transformation focused, maybe cloud-only companies. And getting to 1,500 customers in any business from a standing start or 18 to 24 months is amazing for us. We're very excited about the progress our sales teams have made on the Prisma Cloud side. Take Cortex XDR, it used to be a product called Traps. Again, getting to the top of the charts, great execution by our product and sales teams to get us to be leading contender against some of the industry leaders. So I think what's happened over the last 18 to 24 months, our concerted efforts around both go-to-market, as well as product have led us to really target the market focus on acquiring customers. We've established these speed boats two years ago or 18 months ago when I came in, and the whole purpose was to go accelerate and not get bogged down by a lot of cross collaborative efforts, until we establish clear propositions, clear leadership. So probably in the next phase, we'll worry more about putting stuff together. Having said that, there are some cases customers who bought everything from us, as the retailer we mentioned has over time and established our platform across every category within their infrastructure, because they believe the integration across our platforms and products is key. So, I’d say this is less driven by EAA ELA activities, more driven by product excellence and go-to-market excellence in those categories. And as time evolves, as we get more robust and as we start cross-selling more and more into our existing customer base, hopefully that becomes an accelerator for EAAs and ELAs in the future.
Nikesh Arora: Thanks Brian. Thanks for the question. As you know, the conversation last quarter was around our product revenues. And we had offered our insight that we had seen a slowing down of customer evaluation, across evals and POCs and there was a discussion on execution of our sales team. And we're in the high-single negative digits in product growth last quarter. So, our teams really rallied. Our team is really focused on the product issue, built tremendous execution. So I'm very proud of what they've been able to achieve going into Q3, especially as you see people having to work from home, get deals done from home, customers are at home, getting through their purchasing departments and being able to target a number and meet and beat the number is nontrivial in such environment. Not to mention, the incredible amount of supply chain effort it takes. I know many companies have slipped on supply chain this quarter. And our supply chain team did a phenomenal job working with our sales and go-to-market team. So I think the execution has been spectacular. I do believe there's probably a few 100 basis points off tailwind as Keith asked in the beginning from that. So maybe without COVID we'd been one or two percentage points lower. But there are some companies in our industry whose entire growth is that number in the COVID environment. So I think the teams did a great job. And don't forget, the reason I actually, I understand product is important because it's instant gratification. It flows through revenue and EPS. But going back, firewall as a platform, 13% growth, industry growing to 6% to 8%. We once again started taking share from people, because remember, I can sell a firewall with GlobalProtect to a customer, or I can sell Prisma Access delivered to the cloud. Now the beauty is PrismaAccess, the customer calls and says, I want to go from 25,000 to 80,000 remote secure workers now. I don't have to do anything. I just have to increase capacity, reconfigure things from remotely and allow them the capacity. On firewalls, I got to ship a firewall, I got to deploy the firewall, they’re going to enhance their subscription. So it's a lot higher friction in physical box firewall sales to remote secure access than it is to provide a cloud delivered firewall to our customer. So whilst I understand it's very important for financial modeling, how much revenue and cash flow Palo Alto drops in the same year from firewall, my team and I really look at the firewall as a platform number and watching that get back to double digit, high industry growth is more gratifying than just seeing the product number go up. So once again, kudos to the team out there. I am just delighted the way they stepped up with the challenge.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. Jonathan, thank you for the question. And as Lee mentioned, we are seeing customers evaluate the remote secure access posture even more aggressively now, of course, because of COVID. I think that's been an accelerator. I think people want capacity for all their employees to be able to do this remotely. Given the choice of adding more hardware into their datacenters and infrastructure they prefer the software solution. We can offer both. We see a predilection for people to go after the software use case more than the hardware use case. Unless you already have a lot of quality firewalls in there. I think as we see the cloud transformation accelerate, people will realize that they don't need to bring all the traffic back to the datacenter incur MPLS costs. So that will drive more and more of SD-WAN use case. And I think if you look at what's happened in the last even six months, Gartner coined the term, if you go search for SASE on Google, favorite search engine, you'll find every vendor now has converted their offering to SASE. Now SASE requires you to have SD-WAN capability and security capability in one UI, one cloud managed capability. So we think this is the new trend. We think this trend is going to be around for the next few years, as customers kind of rearchitect their network infrastructures. So we think there's going to be solid tailwind in that category. In terms of trajectory it really depends on customer's ability to execute in this environment whether or not in the office.
Nikesh Arora: As I close, I actually want to thank every one of you for joining us today. And thank you, everyone for your encouraging comments to do this again in a Zoom format. Although, Kathy and I had a big debate about this and somehow we feel we have radio voices as opposed to video voices. So we'll figure it out. But sorry, jokes apart, thank you again for joining us. I do once again want to call out our employees across the company, across different functions, our sales teams for working on the execution to get us out of the challenges we had in the past quarter, our supply chain teams, our product teams, our go-to-market teams, our IT teams. There's not a single person at Palo Alto Networks, who has not put their heart and soul over the last few months in really getting us through this quarter, while we settle into new normal. So I want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart. My heart also goes out for the people who are impacted by the pandemic. And I hope they stay safe and healthy. I want to thank our customers, our partners, everyone around the world. So I think the hard work and dedication that I see in these times gives me hope that we will all come out stronger from this pandemic. And I look forward to seeing you guys in the next earnings call. Thank you.
Kathy Bonanno: Sure, Walter. The Palo Alto Networks Financial Services arm that we've -- the entity that we created this quarter is designed to allow us to offer some financial flexibility to our customers for larger deals, particularly in this time, when so many of our customers have been financially impacted.  The goal for us is to help smooth the deal process and accelerate the timing of deals, getting to closure, offering some assistance to our customers. And then of course, ultimately, hopefully improving our margins by getting into the deal economics early enough to understand when they need financing. And so we do hope that this will be a win-win for both our customers and for us. The entity is very small. We've done one deal. We're not expecting this to be a significant portion of our billings. It should in fact, be pretty immaterial. And therefore the entity itself will not be broken out. The results will be combined in total on the financials.
Kathy Bonanno: Hi. Fatima, thanks for the question. Yes, obviously the CapEx investments that we've made around headquarters were made in a pre-COVID environment, and we're going to have to wait and see how long this work from home phenomenon lasts, and to the extent with which our employees choose to work from home. We made a land purchase, which we talked about on the call. And that purchase, we've not yet started to develop. However, our plans were to start developing that somewhat quickly. In this current environment that will probably be pushed out a bit, but ultimately the land here is very valuable. The real estate here is very tight typically. And so we still think that that's going to present us with a good opportunity in the future.
Kathy Bonanno: Yes, it's a good question, Brian. And obviously, we're very focused on driving the newer products in our portfolio. Lots of times you see companies who make acquisitions or try to develop internally, and you just don't ever see the kind of momentum that you saw with their original core product. And so, we're really pleased. And Nikesh has done a great job building out these speedboats and driving the discipline and focus around allowing us to build out those businesses, so that they can be successful. Initially, they take investment, like all new businesses. And so it is kind of a company now with a multi-product strategy. We have a core product that's been very successful for us that we continue to innovate in. And we're adding new subscriptions. You've seen us add recently three, fourth to come soon, and still more to follow. So we're still investing in the core. We're still releasing a lot of new great technology there. But additionally, as Nikesh mentioned, we have lots of different options now for firewalls we have. The cloud delivered firewall, we have cloud version of the firewall, a software version of the firewall. So we can serve a much different breadth of product offerings to our customers today. And so really, you're just going to have to think about the lifecycle of the different stages of growth that our portfolio is in, which is why we've separated out next-gen security to give you some markers and show you that we are making progress in this group as a whole, that is our newest set of offerings, that granted is less mature, therefore the margin profile is not as strong. But overtime, we're definitely committed to profitability and improving overall operating margin performance, as we've said in the past.
