Clay Bilby: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Palo Alto Networks Fiscal Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. I am Clay Bilby, Head of Palo Alto Networks Investor Relations. Please note that this call is being recorded today, Thursday, May 19, 2022 at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time. With me on today's call are Nikesh Arora, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dipak Golechha, our Chief Financial Officer. Our Chief Product Officer, Lee Klarich, will join us in the Q&A session following the prepared remarks. You can find the press release and information to supplement today's discussion on our website at investors.paloaltonetworks.com. While there, please click on the link for Events & Presentations where you'll find the investor presentation and supplemental information. In the course of today's conference call, we will make forward-looking statements and projections that involve risk and uncertainty that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made in this presentation. These forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs and information available to management as of today. Risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ are identified in the safe harbor statements provided in our earnings release and presentation and in our SEC filings. Palo Alto Networks assumes no obligation to update the information provided as part of today's presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as a substitute for or superior to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. We have included tables which provide reconciliations between the non-GAAP and GAAP financial measures in the appendix to the presentation and in our earnings release, which we have filed with the SEC and can also be found in the Investors section of our website. Please note that all comparisons are on a year-over basis unless specifically noted otherwise. We would also like to note, management is scheduled to participate in the upcoming JPMorgan, Jefferies and Bank of America investor conferences in the next several weeks. I will now turn the call over to Nikesh.
Clay Bilby: All right. Thanks, folks, for sticking with one question. Our next, a question from Matt Hedberg of RBC followed by Ben Bollin.
Clay Bilby: All right. Great. With that, we'll conclude the Q&A portion of our call today. I will now turn it back over to Nikesh for his closing remarks.
Nikesh Arora: Thank you for the question, Phil. It's kind of everything you said. And we've been saying this for a while that cybersecurity is consolidating and the evidence we've been shown by people like yourself is, look, it's never happened before. And I still submit that the reason it never happened before because you didn't have a cybersecurity company which would show you 20 best-of-breed products in its portfolio. Because customers are not suggesting they will buy something you have because it's in your platform, they are still demanding best-of-breed. And we're able to demonstrate to them the best-of-breed. But not only that, I think in the last 3.5 years, we've been able to demonstrate our track record saying, if something is important, we will make sure we deliver to you with best-in-class capability. So we're seeing that. This allows us to go back into customers. As you can imagine, if all you got is EDR or XDR to sell, if the customer just bought it, you got to move on. If all you got is SASE, you got to move on if the customer has bought SASE. In our case, our sales teams have a very large bag of tricks. If you don't want SASE, you've got cloud security going on, let me talk to you about cloud security. If you don't have cloud security going on yet, do you want to talk about buying more firewalls or replacing somebody. If you don't have that, do you want me to help you automate your SOC. So just the ability for us to demonstrate that we can help them with the multitude of their cybersecurity challenges and also show them that we're not trying to get them to make a very large commitment across all 3 of our platforms, they can walk and then they can run. They actually start by taking one of our platforms, allowing us to demonstrate our credibility and our security capabilities, thereby giving us the opportunity to then bid for the next business that they have. And I think the $1 million deals and $5 million deals are just a way to look at it because $1 million deals are typically single platform deals. And as you get into the 5s and the 10s, you certainly see that there is more of a portfolio approach. So look, it's what we said.
Nikesh Arora: Well, Saket, thanks for your question. You've seen we share our NGS billing ARR with you. So it's quite transparent. And you see that, that number at that scale continues to grow in the 50%, 60% range, which is clearly a big contributor to our billings. Our product being at 20% also contributes to billings. We've highlighted that Cortex hit $500 million ARR in that number. So clearly, it's reached a milestone for us in that entire mix. And as you rightfully identified, we have now 10 subscriptions that we run. When I came 3 years ago, we used to have 4. So clearly, you should expect that there is a significant attach that is going on, which will persist as we continue to sell hardware in the current growth rates that we are. So higher growth rate of hardware drives more subscription and services which with a higher attach ends up giving a nice lift on our billings.
Nikesh Arora: So Michael, we haven't hired as many people as we were expecting to in this market. It's a very tight labor market at this current point as you see. Having said that, my personal view is the labor market is going to become easier in the next 6 to 12 months. And anecdotally, as you've seen, we're seeing hiring freezes anecdotally. If you think about it 6 months ago, we were losing people to start-ups. We were losing people to competitors whose stock prices were going up into the right. The market rationalization is causing people to take stock and say, wait, do I really want to go make this move. I've already seen anecdotally start-ups start to stop hiring because they're trying to hold on to their cash because they don't expect to be able to raise money in the market for the next 12 to 18 months. So I think from that perspective, the labor market actually, in our opinion, is going to ease up a little bit. We expect some degree of wage inflation, which is being caused because of the fact that we're in Silicon Valley, and we live around some very large tech companies who are trying to get people to come work there. So we have factored into our planning some degree of inflation on our wages, but I personally don't think it's going to be off the charts.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. Look, in every quarter, we've seen some deals get pulled forward sometimes with our salespeople because they're trying to hit quotas. Sometimes the customer because they're in a compromised situation, they're trying to get something sorted quickly as possible. Sometimes it has to do with budgets expiring in different parts of the world. December becomes one of those moments. August becomes that for the federal government. So I think perhaps the best answer is that we have not seen any unusual activity around that topic. Having said that, as we said, we are seeing heightened activity from nation states, especially with proximity to where the war is. They're trying to fortify their defenses and make sure they understand their attack surfaces as a nation better, which they have not had to worry about in the past. They should have worried about it, but they haven't focused on it. But now as people are trying to petition to go become members of NATO, they've got to make sure that their defenses are robust in case they see retaliation.
Nikesh Arora: Andy, I look at it from the other side of the lens. The other side of the lens says, we had a great quarter. We're upping guidance across the board for Q4. We're upping guidance across the board for the full fiscal year way ahead of what we had promised to the markets in our Analyst Day not too long ago, and that seems to be a wonderful story and a happy place to be.
Nikesh Arora: I think, Rob, the real opportunity here is Dipak has a team of experts who spend a lot of time trying to understand the puts and takes in terms of being able to deliver firewalls in terms of ordering forward. And I think that's worked out so far for us. We have been able to deliver 20% growth, which is basically shipping as you've heard across the board in the industry that most hardware businesses are building backlog. We're no different than most hardware businesses out there. During the year, we have more backlog than we started with or it moves back and forth depending on what we can ship in different categories. So the teams already have sort of their marching orders in terms of what they need to go out and find. And I think the other way to think about it is that from a scale and scope perspective, if you're doing $300-plus million of product, the semiconductor cost of that is probably $60 million, $70 million. So in a year, we're looking for $300 million semiconductors in a hundreds of billions of dollar industry. So I joke that some of our other players in the industry need the entire truck. I just need the box that falls off the back of the truck. So we're doing a good job chasing trucks to find the boxes.
Nikesh Arora: Look, I just want to say thank you to our employees, our partners, our customers for allowing us to be both their cybersecurity partners, of our employees for doing a phenomenal job all around the world. And I also want to thank you for taking the time. See you guys next quarter.
Dipak Golechha: A couple of different questions there, Fatima. Thanks for the question. So overall, I would say, let me just start off with the billings growth was really quite widespread. Our contract durations have remained roughly at around 3 years. They've been around that time. At any one given quarter, they can change a little bit like a month or 2, not significant. So it's possible that we get a little bit of, which was the last year's fluctuation versus this year. But overall, it was very broad-based and we're not seeing really many issues related to that. With respect to the PANFS, I think we've had that in place for a while. We're roughly at the same level of exposure that we've had before. It's not massively growing. Nothing is really changing significantly on that. So I don't think that's an unpacked like reconciling item. It really is like strength of the overall business. And sorry, just remind me the third part of your question.
Dipak Golechha: Yes. No. So we track our discounts obviously very, very closely. We haven't really seen anything particularly significant in our discount changes either. So I would say that as you unpack the model, it really becomes pretty clear that it's broad-based growth.
Dipak Golechha: So let me just start off with, the cost pressures are really all within the supply chain area. We did take pricing. We took 7.5% pricing in September of last year, followed later internationally. We monitor that all the time, and we try to capture the impacts we'll have on future inflation. We've seen reasonably good realization of that pricing, which has been good. But obviously, the supply chain environment remains fluid. I think when it comes to where we've been able to focus on our operating expenses to offset that, it really is just a laser focus. There's no magic silver bullet. It's just a laser focus on the execution, making sure that we're watching every single dollar, acting like an owner, incredible intense scrutiny on travel because that was a concern of, would that come back with a vengeance. We focused a lot there, looking at leveraging scale when it comes to all the areas, frankly. We've had good scale in R&D, good scale in sales, marketing, good scale in G&A, but it's really just making sure that we're purposefully looking at every single headcount and justifying it.
Dipak Golechha: I think we're very comfortable with the sustainability like as reflected in our guidance. Going forward, we just need to continue to act with that kind of diligence going forward.
Dipak Golechha: I'll just add one comment maybe to the overall is like wages is one factor that people look at when they choose a company. We've recently had a Welcome Home program. I think a couple of quarters ago, we actually showed you guys a video of it. And that's been remarkably successful. We find a lot of people that will leave realize that the culture of the company is equally as important as what was potentially short-term gains when they leave. Yes. Well, a lot more important ultimately than the gains and then the grass is not always greener. We've had remarkable success bringing them back, and we'll continue to do that.
Dipak Golechha: So if I can just add like, the only thing that I would add is like, a lot of it just comes down to the people and the quality of the execution and discipline of the people. And that's really been like, I think, across the board, the execution across pretty much every part of our portfolio is what we feel most proud of and what gives us the most confidence in our guidance going forward.
Dipak Golechha: Look, I think it's a world-class problem to have, but I think I'm just going to echo what Nikesh said. I think everything in balance and then we really let total shareholder return and the ROI determine what we do within the boundaries of what we've committed to.
Lee Klarich: Yes. I think one of the sort of misunderstandings with the move to the cloud is that everyone thought that, that would be the death of hardware. But the reality is, you have all of these users that need to now reach applications running in the cloud, and these applications generally are higher bandwidth-type applications. And so that triggers a need to upgrade the firewall infrastructure to be able to secure higher bandwidth connectivity. And so that, it actually is a positive trend toward hardware sales and hardware requirements, especially as we come out of the pandemic and more and more companies are moving back toward a hybrid workforce where more and more employees are showing up to the office as well.
Lee Klarich: Yes. A few years ago, we had a pair of 1-gig links to the Internet at our main headquarters. We now have a pair of 10-gig links, just to kind of give you an order of magnitude and I don't think that's an unusual situation for companies to do.
Lee Klarich: Appreciate it. Thank you, Jonathan. Look, there's some obvious drivers. Cloud consumption continues to rise and you have to secure that consumption of workloads that the companies are moving to the cloud. That's probably the most obvious one. But it goes hand in hand with that the recognition of all the different security capabilities that are actually needed to secure that cloud environment. If you look back just 3 or 4 years ago, a lot of cloud security was just maybe 1 or 2 simple capabilities. And today, whole businesses are being run out of the cloud and the understanding of how important the security is and what it takes to do that. And then that then ends up leading to a choice for many customers. Do they try to patch together a whole bunch of different point products from different vendors and find a way to integrate them and get them to work and operate them or do they go with Prisma Cloud, which is really unique in the industry as being a platform made up of best-of-breed capabilities that can secure their whole cloud environments. And that's really where we're seeing that not only the driving new customer adoption, but driving the expansion within our existing installed base as they adopt these new modules. And as Nikesh said in his prepared remarks, Cloud Code Security is the fastest-growing new module that we've introduced. And that just shows the ability to deliver a high-value new module to customers and then also the ease with which they can adopt those new capabilities into the platform they're already using.
Lee Klarich: Yes. Great question, Matt. I'll actually reverse what you said. The first key value that customers are realizing in that shortage is being able to adopt security on top of platforms has a significant benefit toward the ease with which it can be operationalized. And so that actually is the starting point. Automation then becomes a layer on top of that where the remaining manual workflows then start to go through cycles of, what are the most repetitive tasks, how do we put those through an automation workflow engine like XSOAR and build that muscle of recognizing manual workflows, automating and then finding the next manual workflows and automating those. I'll give you an example within our own IT organization. We track this. We actually quantify every quarter the number of hours that we've been able to automate. A typical quarter for us, we will automate an incremental 30,000 hours of manual repetitive tasks. And it's not so much about the savings, it's about being able to then reallocate that focus toward new, high-value tasks that people need to accomplish.
Lee Klarich: Yes. It's a great question. It's a low number. Remember, the biggest chunk of the Gen 4 hardware was just introduced about 3 months ago toward the end of February. So the first round was June of last year, but the broader set of platforms actually was just a few months ago. So we're very much early innings on this. We've seen very good early adoption and interest from customers. And as Nikesh said, these refreshes are 12, 18, 24 months in nature.
