Mark McLaughlin: Hey, Ken. It’s Mark, happy to take that question. So from a refresh perspective, the cohorts for our customers continue to increase each year, so that gets better and better for us as the years go on. And we’ve been doing well on the refresh so far. We’re doing a lot of work to make sure that we capture refresh opportunity and into the future. In our fiscal 2018 numbers, we have a number of drivers associated with product growth; Refresh is one of them, it’s not the primary driver for growth, but it’s one of them in there.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. We have -- the last time we’d talked about attached, which was a metric that we were not going to provide any longer because we’re more focused on a penetration rate. The last time we talked about it couple of quarters ago, we said it was 2.6 and since that time it’s been rising, continues to rise.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure. So, on the billings side, Michael, as you know, as we came off of the first half of fiscal 2017, we are working through some issues and those are improving for us. We saw productivity increasing through the second half. So, naturally, we were lower on the billings growth than we originally planned in fiscal 2017, so it created a lag to revenue. As you have seen from the guidance, we would expect that lag to continue, but it’s compressing through the back half of fiscal 2018, as we benefit from the ongoing work there.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure. That’s -- very happy to talk about that. The GlobalProtect cloud service, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks is a new service that we’ll be launching in September, so very shortly. And this is a way for our customers in remote locations and branch offices to use all of our capabilities with the cloud offering, if they choose to do so. So, some customers like to in those kind of location to use hardware, small hardware, and in essence run it themselves. And obviously we’ve been doing that for quite some time for them, others like to have third parties manage that. We’ve been doing that for quite some time with our MSSP partners. And now, we’ll give them an additional way to do that as well through a complete cloud based solution. The interest on this is great from when we rolled it out at Ignite and talked with our customers about it.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. So, customer acquisition, as you saw very, very strong in the fourth quarter, happy to see that. I think there is a number of drivers inside there. The first and most important is I just think that the customer base continues to really gravitate towards Palo Alto Networks and the platform and what we can do with that with things that we’re talking about doing in the future as well are really resonating with customers who really can’t handle all the complexity and cost in the old way of doing things, so there’s clearly a move towards platforms and we consider ourselves a leader there. The second thing is more tactical in nature or operational, which you touched on is the work that we’ve been doing in go-to-market organization, it has paid off dividends in the -- early in the second half and through the fourth quarter, and we would expect that to continue to pay dividends into next year as well. I think some of that is showing itself through in customer acquisition rates as well. And then as far as the customers themselves, they are -- we’re a very enterprise focused company. The ASPs for customers continue to be in the mid-five digits for us that goes up and down in the various quarters. And we certainly pay attention to that but we pay more attention to the lifetime value and wallet expansion. And as you heard us talk about, lifetime value continues to grow very nicely across the customer base including the wallet expansion as well. So, that’s all going well. And probably one more thing that’s worth noting, in the fourth quarter itself, as we’ve seen -- continued great value internationally as well. So, our brand presence and recognition in international markets continues to grow over time and quickly, and we saw solid performance in every theater in the world, and that also contributed to strong customer adoption.
Mark McLaughlin: Thanks, Pierre. And the second part of your question, I’d say the most important challenge for us in the future is one that’s been with us for a quite some time, which is to make sure that we can scale well. I think from an innovation technology perspective, he’s done a very nice job. He gets very high marks from the industry, from the customers, from third-party recognition. We just launched a whole slew of new services, the Application Framework which we just announced, we truly believe is very, very disruptive and it’s going to change the entire industry as well again, we’re going to do it again; it’s our plan. But though all that, we’re a large company, growing very quickly and we have to execute well all the time. And I believe that would be the single biggest challenge for us to just make sure we get it right, again and again and again. And yes, we’ve been more right than wrong, but we’ve got a assess it.
Mark McLaughlin: I think it’s a mix of both things, Rob. So, what I mean by that is that Palo Alto has been very well known for bringing the highest levels of security into the enterprise base for long-term and as a result of that, I think we’re really the premium provider in terms of innovation, and we’re not the cheap providers in the market from a price perspective. So, our customers pay for value and we believe we’re delivering very high value. And as we keep delivering more and more capabilities and value, they’re continuing to pay at the prices we’re looking for and they’re getting a lot for that. So, in addition to that from the price performance throughput on things in the hardware category, those change over time as customers need better and better performance with better and better price for performance. We do things like SSL decrypt and use cases that are growing in nature, and we’ve been able to continue to do for that the customers as well, so that they can have all the performance they need at an acceptable price. I think it’s a mix of a combination of things there. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure. Jonathan, it’s Mark. We were barely able to hear you, but I think I got question. And from using the baseball analogy, from the go-to-market work we’ve been doing, it’s called the bottom of the fifth. As we motioned before, we took a four phased approach of this. We were going to design what we were going to do, we were going to communicate to folks, we were going to implement it and then we have to put it in runtime. We finished the first three phases; we’re in the runtime phase. We have the folks in the chairs for the most part that we need and establish the relationships appropriately with the customers. And this is the human element portion of it now, where we have to have those relationships bake over time. We are exactly where we expected to be at this time, so I’m very happy with the progress. And we think we’re seeing the fruits of that as you can see from the Q4 results.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure. Let me start off on this one. The hundreds of customers that I’ve been spoken to about this over the course of this past six months at Ignite, BBCs, [ph] the reaction has been very, very positive. And the reason for that is that is pretty obvious that the consumption model in security is fundamentally broken. What I mean by that is, most customers will complain and rightly so that they have way too many vendors, how do you add the next one with less people to do it, less money to do it and complexity to do that. And what we’re doing at the Application Framework is to continue to change, not only what the definition security is which is very high rates of prevention, in this case using increasingly better and better analytics on massive sets of data, but also to be able to consume innovation in a different model. So, no single security company can innovative everything that is going to be needed. Customers know it, we know it. So, the Application Framework is leveraging all of the infrastructure that we’ve already deployed and we’re increasing that by thousands every quarter from a customer perspective and to a big data lake, which is already running at terabytes and petabytes of data for a long time, applying analytics on top of that, which we’ve been doing for long time as WildFire and MineMeld and LightCyber now. And then opening that up through an open API at the top, so that not only the Palo Alto Networks services and capabilities can be consumed, all the things you’ve already deployed but third parties as well. I mentioned in the prepared remarks, over 30 security vendors are currently writing applications into framework, we expect it to be a lot more over time. So, it’s a route to market but other vendors and including ourselves where the customer gets to use that capability, simply by turning it on, without having to deploy something additional into the network or their endpoint or the cloud, which is the very traditional model. So that’s why we think it’s very compelling, customers seem to agree with that.
Mark McLaughlin: John, it’s a good question and I think that when we are adding as many customers as we add every quarter, you see a wholesale slew of use cases for why people are coming to Palo Alto Networks. As a general matter, as we can average it all out but the definition of what ASP is, the general amount, and we average that all out, we are displacing our competitors at very high rates and lots of times the way that that happened is they want to use us for something and then they go from there and they expand. So, usually, when we’re going to come into an engagement somewhere, we’re going to -- one of the first things that we do, put this in a lab environment or ops environment or some environment to get started and tested. And that of course goes into the ASP for what they’re doing. But then, what happens almost all the time is they buy a lot more from us and spread out very rapidly, which is why we tend to pay a lot more attention to the lifetime value expansion and the wallet expansion of the customers as well. So, it’s not really about ratable subscription services. It’s really about, how do you start off with Palo Alto Networks and then what happens after the initial purchase.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure, thanks Sarah. So, on the threat environment, I think as you can -- the threat environment that we’re seeing, Sarah, let’s start with that. And you can see it all the time in newspapers and the various attacks. What we see from that from customers is the increasing recognition that the position you want to be in as a customer is the ability to get every possible shot you can to prevent an attack and be able to do that very consistently everywhere possible. So that would mean whether it’s in your network or in the cloud or endpoint, and to be really interjected into the attack lifecycle everywhere. So, you increase the probability analysis that you’re going to prevent that attack successfully. That is the definition of platforms and security, which is the ability to get high degrees of prevention in a highly automated way with less and less human involvement but tons of leverage from other companies all in the same kind of network effect if you will and getting consistently wherever data resides. And that’s what we’re delivering of our folks. So, earlier somebody asked a separate question, which I -- the recognition of the need for platforms in this kind of environment where the adversary is increasingly automated, really is starting to underline the need for less and less complex and manually dependant systems that have been delivered through legacy platforms and point solutions. And that’s fundamentally what’s happening with Palo Alto Networks and what’s been driving our growth.
Mark McLaughlin: Okay. As I said earlier in the attach side, a metric that we’re not sure as all that helpful from what’s happening from lifetime value and extension, [ph] the customers who are looking penetration rates, which continue to grow up over time, the attach rates have increased as we -- as I said earlier on the call and continue to increase, we expect that to continue as customers adopt all of our services. And on Traps, very happy with how Traps performed, of course it’s getting to be a good sized business for us. We have as you heard over 1,400 customers and millions of endpoints. And that’s growing really well and not only does our sales force agree with that, they are very excited about selling Traps, you can see it working very well for customers as well as the partner community as well where increasingly large number of partners are becoming Traps specialized partners, getting all the training as needed in order to bring that to market.
Mark McLaughlin: Gur, what we’ve seen is really good demand in both cases. So, customers have a lots of use cases, and we’re trying to address all of their used cases. Obviously, some of them and only big growing part of that is cloud-based and where they’re using our VM-Series is in cloud environments, which is whether it’s hybrid or private or public, we can serve all of those with the VM-Series. And with the increasing amount of bandwidth required through because of cloud, SaaS and things along those lines, we have been and will continue to deliver faster and faster throughput in the VM-Series as well. At the same time, with the hardware that we have and we’re going continue to have, hardware is important part of the business. We are the biggest hardware security provider in the world today by launch [ph] we think. Some customers are doing both. They have physical hardware and also have virtualized capabilities in the cloud. They need the consistent protection between both of those. And so, lots of customers are using our hardware and our VM-Series, and we would expect that to continue in the future.
Mark McLaughlin: I think we will be both. So, as we went to the very basics of -- when we launched Traps in the first place, so some of the really simple -- simple way to think about things about what you need from an next generation endpoint security solution, you would want the ability to do prevention if you could, detection if you can; you would want EDR capabilities and you want the ability to do some automated forensics as fast as possible. So, over simplifying things along those lines. And what you’ve seen us do with our roadmap with Traps is continually march down that list of things and also partner in cases where we don’t have those capabilities in the market. So, I think it will be a mix of those. And then, on the application framework itself, the other endpoint vendors as well running applications into the framework. And I think other security vendors will do that, even perhaps hopefully some of our competition at some point because ultimately what’s best for the customer is the delivery of the best capability and some largest set of data. And we think we are -- we have the largest set of data today. We’re going to continue to have that -- those are the very, very fast rate of deployment at Palo Alto Networks globally, as you can see from the customer additions and lifetime value extension.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. It’s a great question, Gregg. As you know, we like to be the disruptors in the industry. So, we’re going to keep doing that. And as I said, I think the model for security today or for some time has been increasingly broken consumption, right. And we did a huge amount of work around that. I’ll call the first evolution that we drove with the Next-Generation firewall where we proved that you could assume a lot of capability that used to be provided as point solutions as hardware into SaaS applications delivered off a hardware. And that’s a big part of our business. We do the second evolution about three years ago by proving this, we still have a lot -- ways to go on this, of course, we’re proving this. The consistency of having the same kind of security, not only the network but also the endpoints and cloud is actually critical and will grow in criticality over time. And very few vendors are going to be end up being able to make those claims as they can do that, high risk prevention exactly the same way, everywhere where the data may be. And then, the third major change or evolution is how do you consume all these things in the future where data become more and more important. So, that’s sort of the setup. I think the specific question about the model and the business is, we would expect this to be transformative to the industry over time. It’s going to take time of course to do that. The Application Framework as we said will be available in the calendar 2018 from us. And we would expect that over time, it would grow nicely. And its routes to market become open to security innovators that would not be able to go build businesses and reach scale and get the data importantly themselves as they could -- that we have because we have it in massive amounts. And just a couple of other thoughts around that. It’s a very virtuous cycle, if you will. And the more capabilities, analytics you can do in data that you have with your own, things you bring to market like Palo Alto Networks has done in the past and will continue to do in the future or that third parties can tap into through that application framework, makes the whole thing more valuable. And we’ll pull through the sensors, if you will, the endpoints and the hardware and the virtual capabilities, because that’s actually how you consume. And then, more of those that are deployed; and we deploy a big amount, drives more data, which makes the data more attractive to people to write applications into. So, I think you kind a get upfront, if you will, bottoms up and the tops down, these things are very self-reinforcing and will grow over time.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure. Maybe the simplest answer would be, everything goes in the lifetime value. So, if you purchase something from Palo Alto Networks, it could be hardware, it could be virtual, it could be maintenance and support, it could be subscription services, it’s going to count inside the lifetime value metric, which is one of the reasons why we talk about the multiple of your initial purchase. Somebody earlier asked about ASPs. So, if you look at the multiple of initial purchase, it’s really that and continues to grow over time. As far as the other part of question about what might be less evident, if you will, inside of that, I’ll turn it over to Steffan.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure. Hey Erik, it’s Mark. Well, we saw very strong adoption in cloud, and in cloud, there is a number of things inside of there. One is the VM-Series, so lots of strong customer adoption. That’s a good size business for us, keeps growing at very rapid rates. We also saw good adoption from Aperture, which is our CASB offering. We’ll throw that into cloud category as well, so I think customers, they do that. And then, the third thing of the services we just announced on the Logging Service and the GlobalProtect as a cloud service as well. We’ll also add the ability to serve use cases into the cloud for customers. So, we would expect a adoption over time from that as well.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure, Karl. I’ll take -- this is Mark M, I’ll take the fed question and give Mark Anderson the John’s question. On the fed side, just as a big picture item, we’re a very well diversified company from a revenue perspective, no vertical -- and any quarters representing 12% to 14% of revenue, which is good because our verticals go up and down obviously and sentiments and spending patterns. That’s been a very good business for us for a long time, we’d expect that to be the case in the future. But, I believe that there is a lot of uncertainty in the fed space right now, giving budget anxiety. So, you just pick up the paper, you can read about whether we’re going to have a budget, a continuing resolution. And I think that is past the cloud over what’s going to happen from a spend perspective. Unfortunately into the end of the fed year we’re spending which ends in September, as you know. So, we’ve taken all that into account from a guide perspective. And we hope there will be more clarity in that space in not too distant future but we’re watching like everybody else. I’ll turn the discussion to Mark.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Thanks, Kelsey. And thanks again everybody for joining us on the call today. And as Kelsey mentioned in the opening remarks, our Investor Day will be September 27th in New York. We hope to see everybody there. I appreciate your time on the call. Bye, bye. 
Steffan Tomlinson: Well, there are couple of moving parts that go into free cash flow. But, we’re starting to see slight increases in productivity, so billings growth will help with free cash flow. And then, there is also just the overall improving operating margin that we’re trying to drive as well. We’ve signaled that we’re looking at increasing operating margin by 150 basis points of organic operating margin expansion, so that should be helpful as well. So, those are two dynamics. We’re solidly within our growth and profitability framework. And then, the last thing is our taxes continue to be very de minimis. Cash taxes for FY17 were roughly $9 million and we don’t see a very big uptick in FY18 as well. So, those are the moving parts.
Steffan Tomlinson: Pierre, I appreciate the question. Over the past five and a half years, I’ve been fortunate to be part of the team that’s helped grow and scale to be a market leader. And the company is in a really good shape. We have a lot of management bench strength, and I’m focused on an orderly transition to whomever my successor is. And when I think about just the overall opportunity for Palo Alto Networks with leading technology, great go-to-market organization and the vision in leadership that the Company has, I think the future is very bright. But, I’ll turn that part over to Mark.
Steffan Tomlinson: Yes. That’s great question, Rob. So, we’ve been operating in a range of 70 to 80 days. We are at the lower end of the range this quarter. There are number of puts and takes to DSO. We have seen improved linearity, that’s one in particular. But we’ve also seen just good business traction as well and good question cycles. So, a number of things that go into it. But, being at the low end of the range is a good thing. But, we have a range [ph] for a reason because we do see some ebbs and flows to DSO.
Steffan Tomlinson: Currently, retiring from Palo Alto Networks as CFO. I’d like to take a little bit of time off to figure out, what I’m going to do next. But, the most important thing for me right now is to ensure an orderly transition and be here until my successor is named.
Steffan Tomlinson: Yes. I think as you platform resonates with customers and they’re looking to adopt all of our subscription services, all the new hardware, we have this dynamic where the expansion value of an opportunity, once we acquire the customer dwarfs the initial purchase. So, our customers continue to come to us and say they want less security vendors in the space; they’re looking for a consolidated platform. And the fact that we have great innovation engine going on at the company, we’re coming out with subscription services and products that customers want to buy, that’s playing right into the wheelhouse of where the industry is moving. So, it’s platforms are winning over time. We believe we have the best platform and those are like the key drivers.
Mark Anderson: I mean, we see -- anytime we bring out a new product family it offers dramatic price performance. We see really three things, we see customers to change, they need more bandwidth, because they’re moving a lot more applications around, maybe back and forth public to cloud, and they’ll trade up. We’ll see some customers that will trade down, because the price performance and port density meets their needs on the trade down. But more importantly and this has really become a big factor already as quickly as Q4, is we’re getting deals that we would not have otherwise won with the price performance of the -- in particular, the PA-850 and the PA-5200 family. It’s just very, very disruptive relative to what’s happened with the competition. So, for customers that want real fast capabilities and our next generation visibility, the applications and user behavior, there’s nothing like it out there and that’s been a big help.
Mark Anderson: Sterling, it’s Mark A here. We did have a very good quarter in EMEA. I think a big part of it is continued kind of elevation of our brand and the combination of the marketing and the sales covers that we have has really helped drive awareness to how we’re different and it gets us appointments. And especially with the GDPR coming in May of next year, there is sort of forced awareness that we’re not running around cashing ambulance. But we’re certainly being asked questions as subject matter experts and we’re turning -- showing ourselves to be much more relevant and much more of a thought leader and then maybe some of our competitors. And just secondly, the team there, the performance across all regions in EMEA without exception was very good and very consistent. So, all the way from the Middle East back to Western Europe in the UK and down to South America was just very solid. So, I think it’s a combination of a good team, elevated brand and just heightened awareness of the fact that legacy, point products, security and devices, we need to move beyond those.
Mark Anderson: And there’s probably a dozen different places in a large enterprise that we can sell our use cases. So, we’re constantly looking to pull more arrows from our quiver and which we’ve certainly done with amazing innovation over time. And we can do that in multiple places within the enterprise. So, with the right account coverage, we’re looking to continue to expand at all times.
Mark Anderson: Yes, sure. So, Karl, with regards to Spiliotis, [ph] he was with us for over 4.5 years. And gosh, what incredible job he did building the business. He came to us over a year ago and said that -- mostly for family health reasons, he wanted to shut it down at some point and just in a move of incredible character said, what would be the best time for Palo Alto Networks. And so, as we went through our transitions, challenges in the second quarter, John was there leading the changes and really driving that and finished up with the really good strong Q4. And just hats off to him. I’ve known him for 25 years and he’s a good friend and a tremendous guy and he deserves to take a rest, which I know he’s going to do. So, with that much time, we were able to do a good -- I think a good discrete search and spend a lot of time with Patrick Blair. Patrick comes with incredible credentials; he’s a good guy, great culture fit. And as you can hear, the team has incredibly strong bench strength and lot of tenure in the senior leaders of that team. And we’re excited about what Patrick brings to the mix. Patrick’s got scale, managing thousands and billions, which is important for us as we look to our future. And he had incredibly warm welcome at our SKL [ph] last week. And I think people are excited to have him onboard because he’s got a great reputation here in the valley.
