Steffan C. Tomlinson: We see a broad strength across our threat prevention, filtering, and WildFire. Those continue to perform very well. Over the past year or so, we've seen modest uptick in GlobalProtect. So the power of the platform that we're delivering to customers is really resonating. So there's not one in particular that is shining more than the rest, but, over the last year, we have seen an uptick in WildFire in particular.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Well, first on the seasonality part, what we've always said is – it's more of a prospective statement than anything else, because we've been able to blow through typical seasonality patterns, it's just been hard to call where seasonality really will land as we get bigger. We continue to think Q2 and Q4 will be seasonally stronger. As it relates to this fiscal Q3, we saw great strength across all geos. We saw Americas grow very nicely off of a very large base. EMEA grew 42% year-over-year. APAC grew 55%. So geographically, we saw broad contribution. When we look at product lines, our family of appliances and our chassis, they all sold very well. So there's really a broad strength. And it goes back to the power of the platform. We're going into customers and we have the versatility to sell to any enterprise security need both now on the endpoint and on the network and we're seeing that play out.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Yeah. So with the technology acquisition and a small team of people coming over, we plan to absorb this from an R&D standpoint. And from a sales and marketing standpoint, we're not going to be adding an overlay of sales team. This will be sold by our normal teams here. So the impact will be modest. And we've reiterated our low-teens operating margin exiting Q4 and also the 22% to 25% non-GAAP operating margins exiting Q4 of next year. So we feel good about the ability to execute without any dilution.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: We saw a very broad distribution, again, across all verticals. High tech continued to perform well. Financial services, public sector, those are our top three. But when I say top three, the largest one lifetime-to-date is, call it, 14% individually. So we saw a very nice broad strength across all verticals, which again goes to the point that we underscore every vertical needs the platform solution, and we're in the business of helping every industry and every customer.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Our product lead-times are, again, call it, standard two weeks. We've worked through some of the issues that we had, and we never had any customer satisfaction issues. So we were good on that front.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: No, we don't get into that level of specificity. But what I can tell you is you look at just the mix from a revenue standpoint, and if you look at product revenue this quarter it was about 51.9% so that that product revenue number is typically the go-get number that we need in order to hit the overall guidance. Of course, there is some subscription services that we can count on as revenue in the quarter, but most of that's ratable in nature. So it's really focused on product revenue as the go-get. That's the primary driver. And we've been – we've seen very nice traction with our appliances. You look at the year-over-year growth rates, they've been very healthy. And then we have increasing subscription attach rates. And you're really seeing the power of the overall model when you look at the revenue results.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Yeah, it's a combination of things. But as we get more quarters under our belt in sales execution, which is already very high, continues to excel, so that was a big boost when you do a year-over-year comparison. From a market standpoint, we see lots of great traction across all verticals. So there's – we've seen a healthy spending environment, and that's also contributed. So those two factors really help with the linearity.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Yeah. So we see very good growth in both short-term and long-term deferred revenue. The dynamic that we're seeing in long-term deferred revenue is we have lots of customers. In fact some of our largest customers are looking to do multi-year deals with us. And that's great and that's goodness because we are now designed into their fabric and we can participate knowing that we have a long-term partner with those customers. The sales force is not – they're not more incented to sell long-term deals. They do have a little bit of skin in the game. They do get commission on long-term deals, but there's no extra incentive on that front, so we feel good about any time we can get long-term deals that are booked-in into the business.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah. Hey, Phil, it's Mark. We're seeing broad interest across the board. It's not vertically specific. We're definitely seeing it as customers are paying attention to virtualization in a big way, moving to the cloud, those sort of concepts are giving us a fantastic opportunity to enter conversations for something that's brand new, right, conceptually brand new for them and where they want to take the future of their networks. And it's a great entry point for us and having such a powerful partner like VMware who is almost always in those conversations with them really helps us a lot. So we like what we've seen so far from a selling perspective and every quarter the pipeline's getting stronger, so we like that a lot.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, Fred, it's Mark. Generally, service provider's a good vertical for us and it's growing very well for us, partly that's because of the PA-7050. Generally, they're seeing, the service providers want to secure their own networks, the PA-7050 certainly helps in that and we are seeing them want to be more and more partner with us as systems integrators for other enterprises, all of our technology helps in that. But specific to the service providers is customers, that's been strong and growing very nicely for us and they really like the PA-7050.
Mark D. McLaughlin: I think it's a mix of both. With what we've seen in the market so far, and what I mean by both is, is that as customers more and more come to the recognition and realization that the legacy AV technology is really not helping them much in today's advanced threat environment, a lot of them are starting to say, let me see what's in the market. So they create some budget to go test. Right? And they're bringing folks in. Traps is definitely on that list for them to run those tests. When they make a buying decision which is, I've made my mind up, what we've seen so far at least in the customer base we've sold to is either repurposing the AV budget and going with free AV and repurposing it to Palo Alto or repurposing a portion of the AV budget and they're just going to give a lot to the AV guys than they used to and taking that savings or remainder and putting it into the next-gen which is more and more us.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, (22:29), it's Mark. I don't think we saw any pull-in from a deal perspective Q4 to Q3. Pipeline's strong for the fourth quarter.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Sure. Well, Keith, as you know very well, part of what we're trying to do from a prevention perspective is to make sure that we can always safely enable the use of applications. That's been a guiding principle for us from the very beginning is to make applications that people want to use safe. So, of course there are lots of things going on in the technology land out there around security, but with that as a guiding principle we're really interested in this area because there's such an increasing use of SaaS applications. For a very long time, our platform has done a fantastic job of securing SaaS applications that come across the network, meaning from a threat perspective. What's interesting about this and the reason we really like the Cirro guys is the unique approach they've taken to go a step further in sanctioned, meaning applications that companies want to use. Right? Sanction SaaS applications, and this technology gives us – and it is a technology purchase plus people purchase as well. These are guys that are in the market, they have a handful of customers so we validated technology. It gives us a deep level of visibility into the applications themselves from a data and user perspective. So we can see actually what's happening with the data, what is the data, who's using it. And from that we can tell very, very quickly if it's being used or misused, either intentionally or unintentionally. So it's another strong, safe enablement play for SaaS applications, which is a really fast growing trend, as you know, for customers. So that's why we really liked it, and these guys have something really interesting.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah. We've very optimistic about the ability to continue to do that. We've highlighted it at Westcon a few times. The reason for that is they're the largest security distributer out there. And as you can kind of tell from the results we've talked about before, including now being their number one security provider, that's ramping very nicely. That's not the only thing we're doing. We're working with other distribution partners as well, who we've been working with for quite some time and are aggressively partnering with them in order to continue to ramp with them as well on a global basis. So there's a lot going on here in that regard. And it's important for our future to be able to get the capacity. As you can tell, people really want to buy our technology. Right? So we want to make sure that we have the capacity to fulfill that on a global basis.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah. You know, well, seems like (26:17) it's a really good question. I mean, across the board, security spending remains very strong, which is fantastic. I mean – and the reason it's great obviously for all security companies, with us in particular, is what the trending is we're seeing. So traditionally, you'd see people refreshing into – from a firewall perspective or other technology perspective, and that would be the opportunity to talk to somebody. Those refresh cycles continue to happen all the time. What's really good for us since we've got the platform, the customer can be inserted or onboarded at any point in that platform for whatever they feel like the most pressing use case may be. It might be the firewall. It might be IPS. It might be Advanced Persistent Threats. It might the endpoint. It doesn't matter in a sense that we can deliver the solutions they need at the time and grow from that. So we see cycles of buying being very strong as a general matter and, specifically, we're pleased with the ability to be differentiated to come in at any point in whatever those buying cycles are.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, we watch that closely, of course. And what we said earlier on that is, we are seeing our own customers starting to refresh in the earlier cohorts. And that's not surprising given four-year to five-year refresh cycles. And we also like the fact that when we're seeing those folks come back to us that we've been able to, in a lot of cases, sell them larger devices because their needs have grown, more subscription services because they realized the power of the subscription services and we've brought more to market, as well. One of the most interesting data points for me on that when I think about it is, if you look at the 2009 and 2010 cohort combined, it's like 2,000 customers and we have over 24,000 now. So if that pattern holds from our own refresh in our customer base, there's a lot of buying in there in the future.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah. We love Splunk; they're very good partners of ours and I think they feel the same way about us. I think you can see from Splunk results, as they continue down the path of their platform that security becomes an increasingly large use case for them, not surprising, given what they do with the data. And what we have found, and I think they found, from our joint customers consistently tell both of us is, when you put Palo Alto Networks data off of our platform through a Splunk platform, you get very actionable intelligence to use for security purposes and customers like that a lot. So we continue to work with them, not only in the technology side, but also in the go-to-market side as well.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah. I think boards are definitely becoming more involved. It's a total top of mind issue, right, and it's growing in nature. I do get the opportunity to speak with board members and boards. I would tell you, as I said before, it's not that they're the urgent meetings, meaning it's not the panicked meeting, it's more and more folks being very thoughtful saying, hey, we've got to think about this over a multi-year basis, not what we read in the paper yesterday. So how do we come up with a solution that is – takes care of us on a longer period of time, at the best possible way? And the way we speak to that is through a security reference architecture about what the next-generation reference architecture should look like from a security perspective, and obviously Palo Alto has a lot to bring to bear on that and we certainly talked through that with them. But it's more at the level of saying, here's what's happening in the world. You have to have a prevention philosophy, first and foremost. Doesn't mean you shouldn't do other things, but it means if you're not doing prevention, first and foremost, you're thinking that way, then you're going to be behind the curve in a way you can never recover from, and then here's what a reference architecture would look like that has that mindset. And then, obviously, Palo Alto has got an important part of that and we get the chance to talk about that too.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah. So what we mentioned there, Jayson, was that when we – if we back up for a minute, at Analyst Day we said, we would do a Community Access program the first thing because that would give us the chance to put the technology into market, let customers play with it and give us fantastic feedback, which we are now getting. When we announced that and said, anybody who would be interested in being part of the Community Access program, we had over 750 of our existing customers show up for that WebEx to raise their hand and say, I want to be in that, which is fantastic. I think it's interesting – I think it's a sign of strong interest in the technology, and then also a sign of hopefully a strong pipeline for folks who may want to purchase the technology when we bring it to market. As far as what the market looks like for that, there is an increasingly high demand for intelligence and analytics in security. I've not yet met a customer that has told me if I'd just had some more data, I would be better off. All of them tell me that what I need is to make sense of what I have, frankly, whether it comes from Palo Alto or anybody else, right? And what AutoFocus does is it takes the data off of literally billions of pieces of information that we have across our very fast growing customer base, and it burns the haystack down. And it just leaves the needles. And it shows which of the needles are sitting on top of each other and which are separate. Right? And that is very actionable intelligence that people are finding to be very interesting. So we anticipate that there'll be a good degree of interest in this, and we look forward to getting it to the market in the fall.
Mark D. McLaughlin: We're seeing great attach on new sales as well as the existing customer base. I think the distinction there is no longer relevant between the two. We brought that to market. We gave it for free for a while in the installed base, just to get people to use it. And the free aspect is no longer relevant whatsoever. We're over 6,000 paid customers and growing very rapidly.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Well, we're seeing broad strength across the board in data centers. I think just fundamentally because there's so much increase in application usage, bandwidth and what folks are doing. So it's a very positive trend across the board. But between the two you mentioned, we're seeing a lot of the use cases in the internal side.
Mark D. McLaughlin: That's a great question, Ben. A couple of things. At the very highest levels, the way we've viewed the roadmap from an endpoint perspective, and when we decided to buy Cyvera, we did it against this roadmap concept of saying a great endpoint would have real prevention capabilities. It would have good detection capabilities. And it would also have the ability to do some level of, I'll call it, automated remediation to find that stuff and remediate it. And when it did those things, it would not break the native application experience, and it would use as little compute and battery power as possible. So, before we bought anything, that was our roadmap that we had in mind. If you think through that, the highest order of bit in there is prevention. Of all the things that I just mentioned, the most important would be prevention. So that's why we focus very, very heavily on that. And that's why we bought Cyvera, because it brings real prevention capabilities into the market. And we'll fill out the rest of that roadmap over time. Now your specific question, though, is can you use Traps and replace AV, I think that's what you're asking, right? And what we've seen customers do is to say, they think of it a different way, they say I'm interested in security. Right? So I need secure endpoints. And that roadmap I gave you, gives you secure endpoints, and the most important part is prevention. So I think when they want to have security, they are saying give me something different. It can be different or complementary frankly to my legacy AV, but I need security not AV. Right? So we're seeing some customers, like I mentioned before, run them side by side. We're seeing some customers just say, I'm just going down the security angle, I don't really need the AV since it's not doing a lot for me anyway. It's really a mixed bag. It's a very dynamic market right now, meaning it's moving quickly, and I think it's moving in a direction of security, and that's where we're primarily focused.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah. We like – so we like the market. It's a big, opportunity that held a lot of interest in it as well. We're selling well in there. We continue to close dozens and dozens of deals every quarter. We've sold multiple millions of dollars' worth of Traps to-date, and we would expect that we'd continue to have a good ramp as we go into 2016 and that 2016 will be a good selling year for us.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, Gur. Great question. Well, a couple thoughts in there. So there are a lot of players in the market. Just the one commonality I'd put at the very top of the list is enabling SaaS applications is an aspect that should be part of the platform. So just as a general matter, this is I think another example of the market of things that will be part of platforms over time, and as the leading platform provider, we absolutely intend to provide that capability so that customers are not forced to buy yet another point solution in the market. When you think about what those various vendors are doing, there's a whole mix of approaches. One thing they do is they take – they give visibility in the SaaS applications being used. Again and again and again when we talk to our customers, we hear them say, all they're doing is taking your log data from Palo Alto Networks and presenting it. Now they do that in a very nice manner, but that's one of the value props is take the value of the log data and present it to us. There's no reason we can't do that and we will do that. Another approach they've taken is doing reverse proxy technology, trying to get in the traffic flow to see things. We are extremely experienced folks from a networking perspective. That is not a great approach. It just doesn't scale over time, breaks applications. And then a third aspect of this is what we described in what Cirro has really cracked the nut on and that is actually having the hook into the applications themselves in order to see the data and the users of the data and having a really great analytics tool associated with that so you can see what's happening in the application itself with the data and users. We like that approach a lot. It's about safe enablement. It's scalable. It doesn't break applications. It's got a lot going for it and that's what we really particularly liked about those guys. So combining that capability set with us providing our own level of viewpoint off of our log data about SaaS applications is what you can expect us to do.
Mark D. McLaughlin: The good news is it's across customer base. So there's not a pattern there in a good way. Right? There's a lot of interest from customers, from smaller customers, larger customers. Doesn't matter in the vertical. I think naturally those customers who are already using Palo Alto technology tend to get the story faster because they have Palo Alto technology from a platform perspective. And those who are using WildFire already have seen the value and benefit of WildFire. And the combination of Traps and WildFire is a very powerful thing. So they get it even faster than others. But just as a general matter, we're seeing interest across the board.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes. That's a really good question. Actually we would have less than 750 people in the Community Access program. So just to run a good program like that, that'll be measured in the dozens not the hundreds. We just mentioned the fact that 750 people wanted to be in it, this is an indication of interest. But just to have a really focused effort to get good feedback, it will be much smaller than that.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Competitive win rates are very high. We continue to take share from all the legacy providers that are out there. When we get into a deal, which we're able to do more and more given just the brand recognition, the size of the team that Mark's running, increased global coverage from a distribution and reseller perspective, we win a very, very high amount of the times. And I think that's not obvious, it's showing through from the results.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, there's two things that are really helpful there. The first is, is that our sales team is very quickly being educated and being able to have conversations, I'll call it the higher strategic level of folks. So it's a platform level conversation. The customer's going to say I have a need or I have a pain point. Right? The sales force knows that before you jump in on that, the right conversation to have with them is what is our philosophy and how do we bring that philosophy to bear with the platform? Because it shows how not only we're going to solve that pain point for you, but other pain points that are associated with that, maybe ones you're not even thinking of yet. And then of course we'll address specifically why they asked us into the room in the first place. We're just going to do it in the context of the platform.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Two just real general comments around it, Matt. One is we like to go where the money is, that might be an obvious statement, but not all of the sub geos inside of theaters are the same from a wallet and spend perspective. So we're – I think we're educated about that. Like, Australia is a great market, for example, and APAC. The Middle East is a fast growing market. There's a lot of money there as well. And then we're also very focused on the Global 2000. And when you actually write them down on a piece of paper, who are they and where are they headquartered, that's pretty telling about where they are – more than 50% of them are in Asia for example. So we're trying to be thoughtful and educated about where we put our resources, and those are two of the just guides that I've given you about how we think about that outside the United States.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, two aspects of that. One, just as a general matter, I'll call it the ASP right across the board of all their customers is it continues to rise quarter after quarter. That's just a general deal comment regardless of size of the customer. And then more and more customers, again with a focus on larger accounts, we're definitely seeing folks sign-up to a larger initial purchases and larger follow-on orders as well if they're already using our technology. So the trends are very positive there.
Mark D. McLaughlin: It can be standalone. So it's possible to do it that way. I think the real power will be in using it in conjunction with the firewall, because if you think of what I said earlier we're already basically (51:09) enabling applications across the network from a threat perspective. So that's – there's real power in associating it with the firewall. And yes, it will be integrated with Traps. That's a very good point that I didn't mention before. Very much like we did with...
Mark D. McLaughlin: ...I'm sorry, with WildFire. So one of the things we'll do right away is we'll take the technology over the next couple of months and integrate it with WildFire. We'll take it off the market, like we did with Traps, we'll do the integration with WildFire, like we did with Traps, and we'll bring it back to market. And WildFire has shown a very compelling value in being able to look at traffic, so we'll definitely provide that capability set with the Cirro technology as well.
Mark D. McLaughlin: What we see an inexorable trend toward is trying to do prevention and the best way to do it is with a platform that is very integrated with highly automated outcomes. So that's what's happening in the market and you can think about it as consolidation, but I think customers think it less about consolidation than you do is what's the outcome of the consolidation, which is a higher level of security because you have those integrated and automated outcomes. For that reason, over time, I don't know how long, but over time, I think if you're providing point solutions in a traditional legacy model, you have a real problem there because the solutions should be at the firewall level because that's the device that sees all the traffic in the first place. And that's why we started there and that's why we consistently natively integrated these capability sets into the firewall because it has the total visibility.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Great. Thanks, everybody, for being on the call this afternoon. As I said earlier, we're right in the right place to market at the right time in history with the market's leading breach prevention platform. And I really want to thank all the Palo Alto Networks team for their hard work and their support of our customers and our partners as we continue our march to becoming the global leader in enterprise security. Thanks a lot for your interest and we'll talk with you in September.
