Mark McLaughlin: They're very related questions, and the answer is, on the second part is we're seeing gains everywhere competitively, so from the legacy firewall vendors, as well as a lot of the point guys who overtime are being subsumed into our platform from a services perspective. So we're seeing gains pretty much everywhere we compete and also now including on the endpoint side as well. And that plays into the product growth. So on the product growth side, yes, its very healthy numbers as you can see. And we're experiencing both of the things that you just mentioned. One is we are seeing larger deals. We're getting into the Global 2000 at accelerating rates, sourcing larger deals with larger customers. And our existing customer base has continued to buy more overtime as well, as you can see from the lifetime value. So it's winning larger deals with larger customers upfront and just a continuation of something we've been seeing for quite some time, which is customers continue to supply more from us.
Mark McLaughlin: So a couple of thoughts on this, first, on the subscription side, you can see the attach rates continue to grow year-over-year. There is a lot of value in the subscription services that used to be point solutions. So as we subsume them into the platform, which we have over time, customers are finding a lot of value from that approach. So we like that a lot, of course. You can see our subscription services business, if you look at the fourth quarter is approaching like $480 million of billings run rate, so growing at over 75%. So you can just see very strong growth in attach, other subscription service. Then in addition to that as you correctly note, as we go forward, we have a number of new services, Traps is one of them, Aperture, AutoFocus both coming out here in the next few weeks time. And our services, they'll be billed as such more from a sales and revenue and deferred revenue perspective, but they won't have the concept of attach. So some of the attach rates commentary made in that past maybe able to hold up a less meaningful as we go forward with you bringing more services to market that don't have those attach rates. And on the Traps itself, we're very happy with Traps where it is right now. There is such a strong demand in the market for endpoint security, a 100% or close to 100% of the sales calls I go on, customers are talking about the need for something dramatically different to happen at the endpoint. And we think we have the answer for that. So we have a lot of interest in that. We think we've got a really great technology there that very importantly is part of the platform. So at the end of the day, we're selling the platform and that's what people find value in.
Mark McLaughlin: As we said before, we have a great customer base and we continue to add to that. We added over 2,000 customers since last quarter alone, so that's the gift that keeps giving on a long-term basis when you think about renewals and refresh cycles. So we talked before about seeing refresh cycles in our 2009 and 2010 cohorts, I would start to throw in that the 2011 cohort as well as the things get to the four to five year natural refresh cycles. And if you combine of '09, '10, and '11 together, it's like little over 4,000 customers out of 26,000, right, so our glass is not even tiny, but full yet from a refresh cycle perspective on a very large and growing customer base and we like that a lot. On Traps, the question of technology wins are what's working there. There are two things really that are going on. The first is on a pure-play technology or a head-to-head basis, I'd say, Traps is the only technology in the market that actually does exploit prevention, right. And then when you combine that with the WildFire to get real-time known malwares, prevention at real-time unknown malware detection and very quick turn on in prevention, that's a very serious technology difference, and not just on a standalone basis, best-of-breed against anything in the market, customers understand that that's real prevention as opposed to the other things that are in the market today. And when you have that in the platform, connected to platform through WildFire, you have the power of WildFire, plus the 7,000-plus WildFire customers where all that information is now being shared on a very, very, fast basis, to in essence automatically reprogram networks and endpoints is extraordinarily compelling. And on the price side from Traps, as we have said before, we're selling Traps on a per endpoint per month basis billed annually over one, two, or three year contracts.
Mark McLaughlin: So on the TAM expansion side, we naturally pick up TAM expansion, because we work the endpoint security business before, so its $4 billion-plus market and we didn't address before and now we have the opportunity to do that. And when we brought Traps to market, we intentionally priced it in the line with traditional endpoint security technologies, because we didn't have to really break any glass there or tread new directions. So we priced it at anywhere from $2 to $5 per endpoint per month on these multiyear contract, one, two or three year contract, so nothing dramatically different than what people are paying already.
Mark McLaughlin: I was up there a little while at VMware, which was very-well attended and had a chance to talk to a number of customers, and about NSX and what we're doing with VMware, which is very significant we think. And that there is lot of move into virtualized data centers, security is becoming a paramount concern. And one of the major used case is that the VMware continually talks about, because care about is, micro-segmentation, which is in essence a security used case. And Palo Alto Network for NSX is the answer for these as well as traffic protection in that regard. So we like that relationship a lot. It's opened a lot of doors for us. We're winning deals. We just talked about a seven-figure deal we won at the end of fourth quarter, run NSX, so we like the traction here a lot. And then on the software side, we had completely virtualized everything that we've done before years ago with our VM Series. And then the NSX relationship what we've done with AWS as well is to expand and extend that into the private and public cloud environments, so you can have complete software-based solutions in any of those cloud environments, which is pretty significant and is getting a lot of attention in the market.
Mark McLaughlin: So couple of years ago, we were thinking about this a lot, which was there is a great opportunity in this market. With our platform approach, we believe that we could capture historic market share. We still continue to believe that. And with vendors, you get into the practicalities or pragmatics of lots of stuff, one of which is capacity for distribution, right. So we were intentionally thoughtful about trying to establish deeper and deeper relationships, not only with the channel partners we have today, but folks you have global reach and a lot of capacity. So we spent a lot of time and effort organizing around that principle as a company from a leadership and talent perspective and then go and work on these relationships, which are now bearing fruit, we were just talking about right now. So we think with the partner community we have today and some of the relationships we're continuing to drive that we've got a lot of capacity to grow and outsize market rates for quite sometime, which is our intent.
Mark McLaughlin: There is a very different architecture at play here and one that's been a very compelling for our customers, right. So let's use the PA-7080 for example, 200 gigs a second, that is very high performance just in and of itself, but way more importantly it's very high performance with the next generation security that's unique to Palo Alto Network, right. So what we're not doing is we're not trading off performance for turning on additional features sets, because we have an architecture with the single pass engine. So in 200 gigs, we're able to do that with all of the security capabilities that all of our customers have come to know and love, and not have them in a position where to say, you have to have higher and higher performance capability from a box perspective to get lower and lower rates of outcome as you turn on security features. So this is a true architectural difference here that's very compelling. I think pretty well understood by our customer base, when it comes to most importantly security, and then the total cost of ownership.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, we've seen adoption in a couple of three different buckets, all of which are fantastic. And you're exactly right; the one that would seem to make the most sense would be people who are using WildFire already, because the integration into the platform is through a WildFire. So if you have a customer with the planned Palo Alto platform, running and using WildFire, the idea that you have endpoint prevention and also that's populating and receiving from WildFire, which then means you get 7,000-plus other networks working for you as well is a great value proposition. Interestingly we've also seen a number of customers who have purchased nothing yet from Palo Alto Networks, except Traps, the very first purchase that they are making, which is fantastic. It's another door opener for us. And then we think can lead to downstream further sales to those folks.
Mark McLaughlin: It's a good question, Keith. So what we've done historically and it's worked out well for us is when we're bringing something new to market, depending on what that is, and I'll use WildFire as an example of that, building a small overlay team that become experts and what that capability set is. And then having them learn the technology and see what the customer objections are for that, make sure we understand all the things, the technology, and then rolling it out to the entire sales force, depending what that looks like. So we did that for WildFire. We did that and are currently doing that for Traps. We have an overlay sales team, we build up over fiscal '15, and our sales kick off a few weeks ago. We've done a lot of training for the entire sales force for Traps. We quoted everybody on Traps for fiscal '16, now that we have worked out all the how do you solve this thing with that overlay sales team. So those are two areas where we've done. And for Aperture and AutoFocus, those will not have overlay sales teams. Those are great technologies. They're fairly self-explanatory in the sense of how it adds value to the platform. We're confident our sales people will get that.
Mark McLaughlin: I was talking about that. Given what the federal government has to do for a living, some of the challenges that are very evident that they are facing, can rebound the papers. And what our technology does, we always thought like that was some vertical we can add, provide a lot of value. Last year it was very tough. I mean the last government fiscal year was very tough, as everybody knew and we heard many times, sort of walking the hallways, as I do out in the Pentagon and places like that, that the next fiscal year for the fed government would be better than the last one and they're working their budget. That appears to be what's happening and that's fantastic for everybody, but for us in particular, given what our technology does and the problems we can solve for their customer base.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, we are. So we haven't seen any changes there, except perhaps acceleration, as you can kind of see from the numbers here, as everybody continues to donate to the cause. And customers see that with their legacy technologies and their point products. What we are seeing is a recognition by the customer base, that if you are really trying to get prevention done, it's very important that, one, you can feel the traffic, which is why we went in the firewall space against legacy stateful inspection firewall vendors. And in addition to that, when you have that architecturally favored position, you should be able to do a lot of prevention with that, which is subsuming a lot of point technologies into URL platform. So that's what we're going to think from.
Mark McLaughlin: I think it's early. The data center use case for us is growing very rapidly. It's approaching 40% of the business from a sales perspective. And we like that a lot, those are larger devices, lots of subscription services go in there, so that's a great move for us. But when we look at some of the big picture items like the Global 2000, we're very fortunate right now to serve just about half of that. So glass half empty situation there. We got another 1,000 to and we haven't sold the dime till yet. Those are very large companies. All of them have big data centers. And just as a general matter, there is a lot going on in the data center space in general and security is a prime driver, as people think what they're going to do with data centers in the future. So I think we've got a lot of wood to chop in.
Mark McLaughlin: And Karl, I think big picture for us on the macro, I mean, yes, August was very choppy right from at least from the market perspective. I'm not so sure about all the real macro drivers behind that. And so if you take this week, it feels better than the last week, right. So I wouldn't put too much into looking in the short-term things like that. One of the things I'm very confident of though is that security is here to stay. It's a very important thing for all companies. As I've said before, I think it's becoming a favorite item in every IT decision that's being made, and I don't think that's going to change overtime. As a result of that, we've seen security spending going up. I don't think that's going to change any time soon.
Mark McLaughlin: We're seeing both and it's early here, using the baseball analogy, right. It's maybe the top of the first thing, right. And what's going to happen in next generation endpoint security. But in our customer base we sold through, we've seen both things occur. We see more of a compliment, meaning some of these legacy AV, and they're using Traps or another endpoint technology as a compliment to test it out and see what the difference is. Most of those who talked, they say that they are helpful that it's a very different technology, and then you can replace AV overtime, because that would be simpler for that, right. So the less complex networks and endpoint is a good thing for the customers. Some customers they just jump all the way down there, and said look, this does real prevention, because of that no longer need of the AV technology. So there have just been different mindsets right now about how faster when you get to that end state.
Mark McLaughlin: It's a very crowded market out there right now. It's got the legacy vendors that they are by definition or every deal mean there is some legacy vendor there. We're very familiar with that dynamic, when you think about the firewall space and how to compete and win there. And then there is a lot of smaller players out there, who are trying to make a company on their endpoint technology. In those situations one of the things that we find to be very valuable for Palo Alto Networks is not only does our endpoint capability actually do prevention, but it's part of the larger platform. So particularly for an existing customer already at Palo Alto Networks, you get the value proposition of the platform, having an endpoint capability that does prevention and being tied seamlessly into that platform is a huge differentiator.
Mark McLaughlin: No. There is not, Gregg. One of the things we love about this business and it's really just to prove the true platform aspects, what we're doing here is its extraordinarily horizontal in nature. I think last time we talked about, we did say that no vertical is more than 12%, 13% of the business and that continues to be the case. So this is high a degree of utility for all verticals and on a global basis. So to me that gives me great comfort. Everybody there talk about platforms. The truth about measurable platform is, does it have a lot of value very horizontally, and I think we've proven that's the case here.
Mark McLaughlin: Ryan, I'll take those in reverse. No material changes to the comp plan. We continue to have about an aggressive comp plan, and people make good money at Palo Alto Networks. You can see that they're doing well with all that they are selling. From the headcount perspective, we are adding a lot of sales heads, just from an absolute number perspective, I think that's obviously because the opportunity is in front of us. We continue to take down big numbers. We'll do that with a balanced approach. But we definitely want to get as much opportunity as we can and deliver on the bottomline as well. So very confident in the ability to balance the profitability and growth of the company.
Mark McLaughlin: We're happy to have announced that partnership and as with all of our strategic technology partnerships, we've built something first and announced it second, right. So what did we do is, we integrated Tanium capability set into WildFire. And the reason we did that was that when we see an indicative compromise in WildFire, the Tanium technology has the ability to query all the endpoints on an enterprise and see if it's out there. So an easy way to think about that is we're a security company saying we know to what to look for, right from a security perspective. And those guys have a fantastic capability to find things very quickly and demonstrate that scale. So bringing those two things together, allows us to deliver to the customers the detection capabilities, prevention capability and very fast isolation-defined capabilities that are moving into remediation beyond that, right, to the deliver on the roadmap that we laid out for endpoints, of which Traps is extraordinarily important around detection and prevention and to get to isolation remediation as well.
Mark McLaughlin: EMEA has been a tough market for a while on a relative basis, primarily just because of all the macro issues over there and FX fluctuations, right. So we like the growth that we've seen in 30%-some in the fourth quarter, over 40% on a year-over-year basis. So it's a fast-growing market, despite the fact that it's got some challenges that we are not seeing in North America or Asia-Pacific as an example. We think along a long-term basis for all markets and what those opportunities are, one of the primary ways we think about it that is our market share. The market share just as a general matter on a global basis is still relatively low compared to some of the larger competitors and that's even lower, when you look at some of the non-North American region. So we think there is a fantastic opportunity for us to capture a lot of market share, which we intend we would do overtime, so we're investing accordingly. End of Q&A
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Thank you for being on the call everybody today. We appreciate it. Fiscal '15 was a great year. And I once again want to thank the entire Palo Alto Networks team for all of their hard work and support of our customers and partners. As we look ahead, we are more convinced than ever of our ability to continue to take market share and distance ourselves from the competition. We look forward to updating you on the next call.
Steffan Tomlinson: The other angle on that, Andrew, is we're getting deeper into the data center. So we're selling our 7050 chassis and our 5000 Series and we're seeing larger deal sizes as we get further into the data center. And that should continue as we get more traction with our 7080, which we just announced.
Steffan Tomlinson: Well, mix definitely plays a factor, and as we sell higher margin boxes, that plays to the favorability. But mix is only one part of the story. We also focus on COGS reduction and we have we think the best supply chain team on the planet and they are going out and trying to drive cost down. So we are looking at a favorable product mix environment, but also reducing COGS. And we have great manufacturing partners as well. So we have both of those dynamics going on, which is helping with product gross margins.
Steffan Tomlinson: When we set the target model back at the time of the IPO, we had a philosophy that we want to be balancing growth and profitability. And over the last, call it, three years we have been delivering growth and profitability. And we find that as operating principle that we try to stay true to. So 22% to 25% is what we reiterated exiting Q4 fiscal '16. We believe we can deliver industry-leading growth and expanding profitability over that time period. We give that range for a reason. It gives us latitude to, if we wanted to be at the lower end of the range, we can invest more in the business. If we wanted to be at the higher end of the range, we would let more fall to the bottomline, but with, call it, single-digit market share and close to a $20 billion TAM, we are laser focused on growing both topline and profitability.
Steffan Tomlinson: We're not going quantify the exact percentage. It's in the, call it, few percentage points that had an impact for sales commission expense that were related to end of year accelerators and that sort of thing. As we mature as a business, and we have our sales force that proportionately has more ramped sales people than ramping sales people, we achieve that in fiscal '15, we are going to see even more sales people who are fully ramped and that means they're going to be doing more productivity per person, which helps to drive leverage. We also have our reseller and channel infrastructure becoming more productive. And that will be an element that will help drive operating leverage in sales and marketing. And lastly, if you think about our land and expand strategy, the expansion value of our accounts are coming at a much lower cost of sales, because the initial customer acquisition has already been spent and when you look at the proportion of our business coming from our install base relative to new business, at our last Analyst Day, I believe it was about two-thirds coming from in the existing business. And that's a trend that we have seen to be consistent. So as those dynamics play out, we should be getting more leverage in sales and marketing overtime. And that's part of how we're getting leverage to get to the 22% to 25% exiting Q4 FY '16.
Steffan Tomlinson: You hit the nail right on the head. Given the 21% sequential growth in Q4, we just saw a very strong finish to the year. And when you look at our guide, while it does imply a flat quarter-on-quarter, we're looking at 46% to 48% year-over-year growth. So there's nothing else going on there, other than just extremely tough sequential compare.
Steffan Tomlinson: Sure, Gregg. When you look at what happened with CapEx in fiscal year '15, there is a little bit of timing and lumpiness to it. So some of the FY '15 CapEx ended up from a timing standpoint being delayed relative to projects we're dealing, so that's hitting in FY '16, so that's part of the increase. As we run the business, we will have capital expenditures that are running at different rates, given the projects that we're working on. So currently, we have a burgeoning cloud services business and infrastructure business. If you look at the subscription services growth rates, the WildFire traction we've had, we're processing over 3 million unique files per day, and the amount of traffic there is going there to build the infrastructures for that. So we can't necessarily call a new normal on CapEx. But when you look at CapEx and free cash flow, what we're saying is free cash flow for FY '16 should be greater than 30%, and that's about as far out as we comment.
Steffan Tomlinson: The first question was percentage of folks who are fully ramped. We don't give that specific percentage. We usually hold off until Analyst Day to give that. But we're north of 50%, and it's improving directionally, and which is part of the margin expansion story of the company.
