Clay Bilby: Good day everyone and welcome to Palo Alto Networks’ Fiscal Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. I am Clay Bilby, Head of Palo Alto Networks Investor Relations. Please note that this call is being recorded today, Tuesday, February 22, 2022, at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time. With me on today's call are Nikesh Arora, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dipak Golechha, our Chief Financial Officer. Our Chief Product Officer, Lee Klarich, will join us in the Q&A Session following the prepared remarks. You can find the press release and information to supplement today's discussion on our investor website at investors.paloaltonetworks.com. While there, please click on the link for the Events and Presentations where you will find the investor presentation and supplemental information. In the course of today's conference call, we will make forward-looking statements and projections that involve risk and uncertainty that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements made in this presentation. These forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs and information available to management as of today. Risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ are identified in the safe harbor statements provided in our earnings and presentation and in our SEC filings. Palo Alto Networks assumes no obligation to update the information provided as a part of today's presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as a substitute for or superior to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. We have included tables, which provide reconciliations between non-GAAP and GAAP financial measures in the Appendix to the presentation and in our earnings release, which we have filed with the SEC and can also be found in the Investor section of our website.  Please note that all comparisons are on a year-over-year basis unless specifically noted otherwise. We would also like to note that our management is scheduled to participate in the Morgan Stanley Investor Conference in March.  I'd like to apologize for the delay on our start time. We experienced a technical issue that required delaying the call by 30 minutes. I will now turn the call over to Nikesh.
Clay Bilby: And our next question comes from Tal Liani of Bank of America, with Brian Essex next. Please proceed.
Clay Bilby: All right. Great. Thank you. And the next question comes from Brian Essex of Goldman Sachs with Hamza Fodderwala up next. Brian, please proceed.
Clay Bilby: Great. Thank you. And our next question comes from Hamza Fodderwala of Morgan Stanley with Phil Winslow to follow-on.
Clay Bilby: All right. Great. And up next is Phil Winslow of Credit Suisse with Brent Thill to follow. Please precede Phil.
Clay Bilby: All right. Our next question comes from Brent Thill of Jefferies with Rob Owens to follow, right. Please proceed.
Clay Bilby: All right. Great. And our next question comes from Rob Owens of Piper Sandler with Gregg Moskowitz to follow. Rob, please ask your question.
Clay Bilby: Our next question is from Gregg Moskowitz of Mizuho Securities with Adam Borg to follow. Gregg, please proceed.
Clay Bilby: All right. The next question coming from Adam Borg of Stifel followed by Patrick Colville. Adam, please proceed.
Clay Bilby: And our last question for today will come from Patrick Colville of Deutsche Bank. Patrick, you may ask your question.
Clay Bilby: All right. Great. Thank you. With that, we’ll close the call. I’ll turn it over to Nikesh for his final remarks.
Nikesh Arora: Well, thank you, Saket. Thanks for the question. Look, when I came to Palo Alto Networks, our mean time to respond at Palo Alto Networks was measured into days. And for someone who did not work in the security industry, I found that a little flabbergasting because if it takes tens of days to figure out that you've been breached and all you're doing is closing the door after somebody is gone. So we challenged our team internally, said can you take that and turn that into seconds or minutes because that's the only way we're going to have a chance to be able to protect not just ourselves, but our customers in the future. That required us internally revamp from having north of, I'd say 15 to 20 other security vendors even in our infrastructure down to less than 10 because there are some areas, as we don't play in cybersecurity. But that coupled with automation, with data analytics; we're down at Palo Alto Networks just under one-minute as a mean time to resolution, which is how we can resolve Log4j within our company or SolarWinds within our company. And I think that's the capability that customers need. And we did a phenomenal job just in his video where he says, look, you take a car and you had adaptive control, you add park lane assist. You add all those features to an old car or is an a new car, but doors between around 20 years that doesn't make it an autonomous vehicle. You have to start from scratch. You have to build the software to build analyzing data and that's kind of the right analogy to think about it. The future of protecting our customers will have to depend on being able to analyze data on the fly, immediate on the fly, not wait for humans to analyze it and come back 10 days later and say now I know what happened. So towards that end we have launched XSIAM, it is an early release working with a handful of design partners to work with them to go replace to security infrastructure and align with what we've done at Palo Alto that allow us to learn and to build with them, but we expect this product will be GA-ed later in the year, really excited. The way it leverages our portfolio is we can do it quickly if you're using Palo Alto appliances, Palo Alto firewalls, Palo Alto endpoints. We can do a Palo Alto Prisma Cloud is an easy thing to do for us. We also integrate with other security vendors but obviously the quality of data becomes suspect as you keep going on to more and more legacy security technologies
Nikesh Arora: Let me start with the second. I'll hand over to Dipak to answer your question on the balance sheet and add to my answer. Look, when I came, we bought a bunch of companies. And the way we bought them was we unvested the founders from their equity and their companies and revested them with Palo Alto stock over a period of four years. That was the only way we could secure the talent of all these founders of the companies we bought. So a significant part of our SBC is the embedded M&A cost of retaining founders. As you've noticed, we have not done any significant M&A in the last two or three quarters. As that begins to roll off, you will see a step change down in our SBC when all those acquisitions begin to roll off. Obviously, the earliest ones will start rolling off in about another six months. And then over the next year or so, 1.5 years, you'll see significant rollout. So that should show you that. In addition to that, as Dipak highlighted we are working hard to make sure that the normal SBC continues to be managed down. And of course, as you know, as a percent of revenue, if revenue keeps going up, it also acts as a benefit towards that direction. So we will talk more about what our forecast to achieve GAAP profitability as we lap Q4 this year because we'll have more visibility on the M&A stuff, but I will let Dipak add to that and as well talk about the balance sheet item.
Nikesh Arora: Great question, Brian. So two parts; one, as you probably heard from everyone in the industry who's in the hardware business, demand is outstripping supply. I suspect it partly has to do with supply, partly has to go volumes going up at a pandemic, inflation expectations. So we don't have to do a lot on sales incentives to die with more hardware. We have customers who would like their hardware delivered sooner than later. So we are seeing demand. And as I said, our ability to supply despite the 21% growth, still demand outstrip that 21% number, which is why you see our RPO continuing to rise. So I think that's your answer to the first part. In terms of the ability for us to leverage hardware, and I'll highlight a metric we shared last time, that 25% of our customers in SASE are – were net new to Palo Alto last quarter. We haven't declared that number this quarter, but that gives you a sense. And typically, those conversations, Brian, are hey, while I love your security platform, I love your security policy, I'd like to deploy it, but my firewalls are still around, and they have two, three years more to go. In that case, we end up with a SASE deal with the expectation that over time, when that customer consolidates their firewall, it gets to be a Palo Alto, end-to-end Zero Trust execution because the only way to do Zero Trust right is to make sure your hardware, your cloud and your remote users are all consistent in terms of security policies used. From that perspective, we see an opportunity to take hardware and further consolidate. In some cases its customers going from two hardware vendors to one. In some cases, its customers doing a replacement of some other hardware vendor with Palo Alto networks because now they already deployed SASE in their environment. So we see all of that happening. And one of the beautiful features some of the subscriptions I laid out, whether it's autonomous monitoring or AIOps or DNS Security or filtering, et cetera, we can make that happen consistently for our customers across both platforms. So, in that perspective, they already see the benefits of deploying that on a consistent basis.
Nikesh Arora: Because I don't want to make Lee feel like he is not answering any questions. Excel is coming your way. It's a balance sheet question. Thanks, Hamza.
Nikesh Arora: I think Brent; it will be a pull-forward demand if you saw everyone posting numbers at this rate. You are seeing some other players in the industry who are low single digit in firewalls. So, we must be taking demand away from somebody else, whether it's us taking or Fortinet taking it, clearly, we're taking some demand away from somebody else. Look, some of it is pent-up demand where people did not have anybody to go into the office and go deploy a firewall because nobody was going to the office. Now people are coming back slowly and steadily. There are people to go deploy. So as part of it is that. Part of it is a refresh, as you know. We have now refreshed more than 65% of our portfolio, and that's still only three months in. So, we're still seeing demand for Gen 4 products being created at Palo Alto Networks. I think a couple of that. And I think, to some degree, there's a little bit of fear that they won't get the firewall in time, so people are ordering to get them. But I think we will still – as I said, we’re going to see this into fiscal year 2023 at least, and we’ll keep you posted.
Nikesh Arora: Look, I think it’s fair to say, in the large enterprise customers, the model hasn’t changed from a channel perspective. On the margin, as you will appreciate, almost all cybersecurity products are slowly and steadily being listed on public cloud marketplaces. So all of us, including Palo Alto, we’re seeing some customers buy on those marketplaces. In some cases, it makes sense. We’ve got an embedded native firewall than GCP, and you can deploy it by accessing it to the marketplace, you will. In some cases, people are using unused credits on public cloud marketplaces to be able to buy security because that’s a feature that public cloud marketplace have offered. I think that’s on the margin. But I’ll tell you what’s more interesting about people. We’re seeing channel partners get very savvy and start building adoption teams and sales teams that are specific to cloud and specific to our portfolio because they see the market is shifting in that direction there. There’s a bit of a arms race amongst themselves, a channel where the more qualified people are likely to get more customers to buy it from them because – and it’s not always the person you use for your firewalls.
Nikesh Arora: So there’s no change, Patrick. I don’t think the valuation in the private markets have quite normalized like the public markets have, first and foremost. So I think the private markets are still enjoying the lack of liquidity as the no reason to mark-to-market devaluation. So that’s just more of a philosophical answer, not correlated to my M&A point, right? I would like you to have it purely because some of those companies are trying to come attract talent for Palo Alto Networks as I’d like them to get mark-to-market, so people realize that these things can go down. But that having been said, there has been no change. Look, as I said, the reason we’re acquisitive in the beginning, there were many areas of cybersecurity which were up and coming and going to be important, and we were not in there and we were behind the 8 ball, or pick an analogy, we were late to the party. We hadn’t done the work needed to be ready for that market. Take cloud security, right? We bought six or seven companies in cloud security. Each of them had been in existence for three years to four years. So that’s four years of development that we were able to benefit from in a market we need to be first. With Prisma Cloud, it’s abundantly clear why we did that. Take XSOAR, we didn’t have automation workflows and platforms. We did that. Take SASE. We didn’t have an endpoint monitoring. We didn’t have SD-WAN. That’s stuff that takes four years to seven years to build. We didn’t have the time to go build it. Otherwise, the market – we would not be in the market. Today, we compete with Zscaler, Netskope. In SASE, we compete with CrowdStrike everyone in XDR. We would not have been a player. So that made sense. Today, if you look forward, I don’t see many areas of cybersecurity where we don’t have a leading product or a leading product that’s not on development. If you look at Palo Alto’s innovation cycle, I’d say creating firewalls continues to innovate, spend three years acquiring getting up to snuff to a place where now we can compete in multiple categories. And now with XSIAM, we’re delivering industry-leading innovation. I couldn’t buy anything for XSIAM because I looked at everything in the SIEM space. And I said, "Wait a minute, why do we need to look at something, which is 10 years old? I don’t need customers. I have customers they want to buy technology." So from that perspective, nothing has changed. I don’t think there’s any company out there that is valued to play where is so, oh, my god, this could be accretive when you go take this. Because I think the cost of integration in cybersecurity is going to make you from a leading player to a mediocre player because you spent too much time merging sales forces, merging customers trying to run two competing technologies. So that’s not our playbook. Our playbook is to go find good technology which you can absorb, make part of our go-to-market motion and to use those founders. And we’ve done that, and we’ve left the door open saying if you were to buy companies, it would be more in the product category, which will be more in line with the smaller to midsize acquisitions we made on anything else. So that philosophy hasn’t changed, Patrick.
Nikesh Arora: Well, once again, thank you, everybody, for joining us. And as like Clay said, we apologize for the 30-minute delay. We look forward to seeing many of you at upcoming investor events and some of you on calls after this. I just, once again, want to thank our customers, our partners, and most importantly, our employees around the world for helping us deliver a great quarter. Have a great day.
Dipak Golechha: Yes. I think the only thing that I would add is like what we found in the company is when we really focus on something, we find opportunities. You've seen that on pretty much every metric that we focus on. This now becomes another metric that we're focusing on. I just want to say that we're going to balance that with the need to retain our talent. Just as you saw from the Welcome Home video, we want to make sure that we get the best talent as well. But that's really on the SBC. On your balance sheet question, Tal, like a couple of different points. The 2023 and 2025 notes eligible for early conversion from February 1st to April 30th, 2022, due to the share price exceeding the price thresholds. Those notes continue to be classified on the balance sheet as current liabilities in Q2, unchanged from Q1. In Q4, the 2023 notes were classified as current liability, and the 2025 notes were a long-term liability. So it's just a question of how they're classified on the balance sheet based on all the trigger events on the notes. But hopefully, that answers your question.
Dipak Golechha: Do you want me to answer the billings versus ARR? Hamza, it's a good question. It comes up quite often. I think fundamentally, the way I look at it is you're comparing apples and oranges a little bit here. ARR is really looking at your annual recurring revenue. Your billings is looking at whatever the duration is for what's out there. And so if you have like one deal that happened to be a long duration, right, you will get more billings and ARR within that quarter. Previous times, we've had that. So, I think the last quarter, our NGS billings grew less than the ARR, which is why – I'm probably more in the camp of let's just focus on NGS ARR. It's the source of truth and the one that we will focus on. But that's all that's happening. It's quite variable quarter-to-quarter based on some of the larger deals that Nikesh mentioned.
Dipak Golechha: If I just to build on that, like our sales cycle, six months to nine months, and all of our purchase orders are non-cancelable. So it’s just to put a finer point on it, that they are non-cancelable.
