Kathleen Bonanno: Thank you, Nikesh. Before I start, I'd like to note that except for revenue and billings figures, all financial figures are non-GAAP and growth rates are compared to the prior year period unless stated otherwise. All current and prior period financials discussed are reflected under ASC 606 as we adopted the new standard as of August 1, 2018. In the second quarter, we once again added new customers at a rapid pace while also driving robust expansion business. Our top 25 customers, all of which made a purchase in Q2, spent a minimum of $35.6 million in lifetime value, a 39% increase compared to the same period last year. In the second quarter, total revenue grew 30% to $711.2 million. By geography, Q2 revenue grew 27% in the Americas, 38% in EMEA, 35% in APAC. Q2 product revenue of $271.6 million grew 33% compared to the prior year. Q2 SaaS-based subscription revenue of $249.7 million increased 36%. Support revenue of $189.9 million increased 21%. In total, subscription and support revenue of $439.6 million increased 29% and accounted for 62% of total revenue. Our nonattached offerings continued to show strong momentum and we exited the second quarter with run rate billings of approximately $383 million, growing approximately 60% year-over-year. Q2 total billings of $852.5 million increased 27% year-over-year. The dollar-weighted contract duration for new subscription and support billings in the quarter was approximately three years. For the first half of fiscal 2019, billings of $1.6 billion increased 27% year-over-year. Product billings were $514.9 million, up 33% and accounted for 32% of total billings. Subscription billings were $646.7 million, up 30%. Support billings were $449.4 million, up 17%. Total deferred revenue at the end of Q2 was $2.5 billion, an increase of 32%. Q2 gross margin was 76.3%, an increase of 30 basis points compared to last year. Q2 operating expenses were $367.5 million or 51.7% of revenue, which represents a 220 basis point improvement year-over-year. Operating margin was 24.6%, an increase of 250 basis points. We ended the second quarter with 5,856 employees. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter grew 49% to $147 million or $1.51 per diluted share. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for Q2 was 22%. On a GAAP basis for the second quarter, net loss declined by 90% to $2.6 million or $0.03 per basic and diluted share. Turning to cash flows and balance sheet items. We finished January with cash, cash equivalents and investments of $3.6 billion. During the quarter, we completed our $1 billion share repurchase program, which was effective through December 31, 2018. We repurchased approximately 1.9 million shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $178 per share. On February 22, our Board of Directors approved a new $1 billion share repurchase program. The new repurchase authorization will expire on December 31, 2020. Turning to cash flow. Q2 cash flow from operations of $275.4 million increased 13%. Free cash flow for the quarter was $251.9 million. This figure was impacted by approximately $15 million of imputed interest expense associated with redemption of a 2019 convertible debt. Adjusting for this and other cash charges, free cash flow in the quarter was $271.4 million, up 21% at a margin of 38.2%. Capital expenditures during the quarter were $23.5 million. DSO was 50 days, a decline of nine days from the prior year period. Turning now to guidance and modeling points. For fiscal Q3 '19, we expect revenue to be in the range of $697 million to $707 million, an increase of 23% to 25% year-over-year. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $1.23 to $1.25, which includes expenses related to the proposed Demisto acquisition using approximately 99 million to 101 million shares. Before I conclude, I'd like to provide some additional modeling points. Our Q3 non-GAAP EPS guidance includes a net increase in M&A expense of approximately $5 million or $0.04 per share attributable to the proposed Demisto acquisition. In the first 12 months following the acquisition, we expect Demisto billings of approximately $50 million to $55 million. Our EPS guidance also includes an expected $0.01 impact due to U.S. tariffs on Chinese origin goods. We expect our non-GAAP effective tax rate to remain at 22%. CapEx will be approximately $20 million to $25 million. To help you model billings for the remainder of the year, we are comfortable with current consensus for the second half of the year. And for fiscal 2019, including acquisition-related operating expenses, we expect an adjusted free cash flow margin of approximately 36%. This fiscal 2019 number is adjusted for one-time items consisting of the previously communicated $97 million related to the settlement of 2019 convertible debt and between $35 million to $40 million of cash flow associated with our new headquarters in Santa Clara. With that, I'd like to open the call for questions. Operator, please poll for questions.
Kathleen Bonanno: Well, look, we're very excited about the new Trap 6.0 and of course, Cortex XDR, which will leverage Trap 6.0, we think that is going to be a very compelling solution for our customers. And so we obviously have a lot of confidence in our ability to drive acceptance of that product in the marketplace. In terms of what's going to drive our overall revenue performance, I'm really not going to start to get into those kinds of details. But we're very excited about Traps 6.0 and things that we, that it offers us great potential for the future.
Kathleen Bonanno: Yes. And I'll just address the margin comment by saying they're very related. The strong product mix that we saw in the quarter obviously drives higher revenue yield. So that obviously is helping our margins. But in addition, we have been driving leverage in the business. And in Q2, we saw operating expense as a percentage of revenue decline by 220 basis points, as I mentioned in my remarks. And you're right, that sales and marketing is driving that number and the leverage that we're seeing. And we've seen that for the last several quarters, good leverage in terms of sales and marketing expense overall.
Kathleen Bonanno: Yes, sure. So in terms of our gross margin improvement during the quarter, yes, we've said that with the new products that we introduced now, almost two years ago, we've made a concerted effort to ensure that we're able to improve the margins on those products over time, and we've definitely been able to do that, and so we've seen some improvement in their product gross margins over time. We also have seen some improvement in terms of just memory pricing, which we talked about, memory pricing seems to be stabilizing now. We do still have some issues in terms of more commoditized parts being more expensive than they have been in the past. But overall, we've indicated an impact of $0.01 to $0.02 in this quarter due to the tariff. So it's kind of a mixed bag. We're seeing some improvements and we're also, we also have some negative influences. Overall, we did see an increase of about 30 basis points year-over-year, which obviously we're very pleased about, given the current environment. In terms of cloud investments and where we see that going, obviously the, you've also seen some declines in our services margin, as we have been investing in those businesses. We think that there's a lot of potential for us to build really big, nicely sized businesses in the cloud and there's a great opportunity for us. So we're definitely investing in those areas in order to ensure that we can capture the market opportunity.
Kathleen Bonanno: Yes. A portion of the VM series, which we talked about and when we talked at the beginning of Q1, regarding ASC 606, the portion of our VM series is recognized upfront in that category.
Kathleen Bonanno: No, no. I mean, In terms of what's driving the growth there, that's really not a driver of the growth, not a significant driver of the growth in any respect. It's obviously, we've made the adjustment, both in this year's recognition of VM series and last year's recognition of VM series. And while we're seeing growth there, obviously, it's not as big a portion of our business as the rest of our product revenues are. And so the real impact is what we're seeing in terms of the rest of the product category.
Kathleen Bonanno: Well, I think you're on the right track, that revenue does lag in terms of - the revenue does lag bookings in a ratable revenue model. So you've got that correct.
Kathleen Bonanno: Yes. Look, I wouldn't read any sort of macro comment into our guidance. We're guiding a very respectable 23% to 25% year-over-year revenue growth range on a pretty tough compare last year. So we feel very comfortable with where we are in terms of our guidance.
Kathleen Bonanno: So the 36% full year free cash flow margin that we guided to includes the adjustments, that's an adjusted free cash margin.
Kathleen Bonanno: Yes. Our linearity is, in terms of when our bookings come in, as - remains fairly consistent over time. We do see, depending on the quarter, for example, in the quarter just ended, December obviously is a year-end month. And so we see different linearity in that quarter than we do another quarters, but that's been very consistent over time. So yes, I wouldn't really call out anything particularly new or different there.
Nikesh Arora: Hi Walter, thanks for your question. Look, as I'd mentioned when we launched K2, and we talked about it last quarter, we believe the treats to the 5G opportunity is a unique opportunity and the whole focus in IoT, or you have been talking to a whole bunch of telcos and service providers out there. And there's a twinkle in their eye when we start talking about the B2B use case for 5G, where they would not have cared as much if well, I shouldn't say that for them but, they were not as focused on individual consumers and the ability to hack their phones or to provide security. But as it comes to be B2B use cases, providing bandwidth at the edge, they are very concerned of making sure that their B2B customers have a secure tunnel going from, all the way from their devices or their cars or whatever they choose to implement or health care devices are rigged, back to the cloud. And we believe our firewall is uniquely positioned to solve that problem for them in the K2 firewall space. So we're very happy with a lot of conversations we're having. We're beginning to start seeing requests for integrating that in some sort of testing with them. So all I can say is, early days, but we're happy with the direction the conversations are taking.
Nikesh Arora: Hey Karl, thanks for the question. Look, one thing I have to say that, there's no specific driver, but a general level of activity we're seeing out of the marketplace. As we've talked about this in the past, that every time something happens in a market where a customer gets breached or somebody gets beat, there's a heightened the sense of awareness in security. All I can tell you is that the conversations are getting more and more up leveled in terms of preparedness for organizations for security, and we are seeing more and more security consciousness. From a vertical perspective, we've always done better where people care more about security. Fed has been strong for us, the financial services have been strong for us, but we're seeing that peer down into other verticals. So I'd just say generally, this trends across the board, and that's probably what has driven the revenue and the product front this quarter.
Nikesh Arora: Sure, Fatima, thanks for your question. Look, I think I'm very excited that in eight months we've been able to create real focus around the three areas I highlighted, the enterprise side and expanding your question a little bit more, on the enterprise side, as I said in our prepared remarks that I think this company had done a phenomenal job in building a firewall and putting subscriptions on top of firewalls. So basically, once you put a firewall at customer's infrastructure, which is a hard decision because you're introducing another piece in their infrastructure, which is now delivered to you by a cybersecurity vendor. It's incumbent upon us to provide more and more solutions so the customers that can be triggered off the firewall, and I think the product, it really rallied in the last eight months, and we've built our first nonattached - sorry, attached subscription after 2011 in our DNS security service. And the team is really charged about building more capability to our firewall, we have 60,000 customers of firewalls. So the ability to take that to our customers and say look, you don't need another appliance in your infrastructure, you don't need another solution, it all works off of Palo Alto Networks' pane, management pane and you - can give you a way - we give you more and more capability from the firewall that you deploy, and that's kind of, to me it's very exciting. So that's a point of integration and a mile marker like you called it, for integration for us on the enterprise side. On the cloud side, we're slowly and steadily working towards better integration, we're excited about our RedLock progress, we're excited of our GPCS progress as I highlighted, these are big wins for us and the team is getting more and more excited, we're deploying more people across the sort of regions, to make sure we have the capability and the ability to go compete with the people out there offering these solutions. You can expect us to provide more proof points of our integration in further quarters. We don't have anything to announce in the cloud side yet, and I think we just announced Cortex this morning, I think the marketing team has done a phenomenal job, the product team's done a phenomenal job in deploying Application Framework 2.0. It was a half last quarter, what will be the proof point of us being able to show true integration across multiple data points, and Cortex XDR is that. It is the only service in the industry, which you have a planned endpoint, cloud and network data as a point of integration. So we believe we are making tremendous progress towards our aspiration to acquire more integrated services, and you can expect us to do more and more of that.
Nikesh Arora: Let me give you an overview and then perhaps Lee can jump in with the real answers. Look, for us, Cortex is a big deal. We spent a lot of time in making sure we get the underlying platform right. We think by deploying it on the public cloud and using the features that become, where we can handle massive amounts of data and being able to leverage the, needing the eye tools, and that is very useful. I think XDR is very critical, I think XDR is a service, which there is a whole bunch of start-ups out there, trying to provide that kind of service. I think it's different when we deploy that service where you can leverage the data you collect from Palo Alto to firewalls, and from Traps and from our cloud security sensors, where you actually, there are many customers who deployed all 3 from us. So we have the option to go to them, as silica rehabs, and here a real tool that can help you near solve, deal with a whole bunch of stuff that will not be - that was not available in the past. I think Demisto was something that, I think you and I even talked about this, and we didn't talk much about it, because I wasn't going to talk to you about it until we'd figured out we want it. But I think when we went out to our customers, the customer's big challenge is I've got so many cybersecurity solutions, I'm getting 3x to 10x more alerts others than I was getting 2 to 5 years ago, and I'm going to have to hire more and more analysts to figure out how to solve the alert. So this cannot be a punitive damage. The more secure I want to feel, the more products I need to deploy, the more people I want to hire to solve the alerts that you guys send me. So we realized that there is a crescendo where people are saying, I need more help solving this alert, then going on generating, that I think Demisto fits squarely in that sore spot in the industry, no pun intended. And part of the opportunity we have is to be able to take that and leverage that across the entire Application Framework where you can leverage that across data from not just Palo Alto Networks, but other vendors and Demisto's already mastered that art.
Nikesh Arora: We have had an opportunity. I think it's fair to understand that the biggest role in this process belongs to the customer, because Demisto is deployed in a customer's infrastructure with their explicit permission, to be able to access the data from the customer and remediate it back into their infrastructure. And they built the product on the back of open connectors that are available from every vendor out there. So there's no proprietary connectivity that Demisto leverages, that is going to change by the acquisition, if that's where your question is headed. In addition, Demisto will also have access a lot of Palo Alto data, which is just impossible for us to deploy anywhere else but in Cortex.
Nikesh Arora: Sure, thank you. Look, again, I'm going to give you a little overview and Lee will jump in, hopefully. From an XDR perspective, I think in our thesis, going into it was the thesis of integration, and that is something the company had already been working on for a while with the acquisitions of [indiscernible]. Maybe figured out how to take all this data and provide it consistently in one way as opposed to deploying more and more tools against the infrastructure. So XDR for us is very, very important because it is actually the first critical application from our end which integrates data from all the three sensors that I mentioned. So it's very important as we get into the soft business. And also, part of the observation we've had is that as more and more sophisticated tools get developed, it becomes impossible for customers to train their soft analysts across multiple tools. So if you notice, I mentioned this, but we want to highlight is that, we've actually partnered with five partners who are going to help us manage this, as it gets deployed in the soft, because we believe, the true leverage is from being able to fully utilize the product across all the data that we've collected, or will be collecting for XDR. In terms of the Traps decision, I think, if you look at the endpoint industry, and I stated it hard over the last eight months, there's a lot of vendors and there's a lot of vendors who used to do a certain set of features as new vendors do in turn have new features. And we've sat and thought about how we could make sure that Traps, over time, becomes the ubiquitous endpoint agent in the market. And we realized that endpoint production, in its most advanced form, should become table stakes, every customer should have it. But the endpoint agent has, in my mind, at least two major features, one is to provide protection at the endpoint, but more - as importantly, is to provide data to be able to go back into a cloud sort of cloud database, if you will, which allows them both to leverage it across other security solutions, but also be able to set behavior and turn data back to the endpoint. So we thought bundling Traps and XDR would be the right outcome. And because we want ubiquity on Traps, we want to make sure that's available free to our customers, they can deploy it. And as you probably know, customers have multiple endpoint agents running in their infrastructure, they're not required to replace anything, this is just a free product that they can deploy, which leverages - which allows us to leverage XDR more effectively for that customer. Lee thinks I've - he has coached me well, and he's giving me a thumbs up, which means he doesn't add anything.
Nikesh Arora: That's a good question. I think, look, we like more and more customers to deploy our firewalls there. So in that perspective, yes, we'd like to see product growth. But we want to see both depth and breadth, and that's why we embarked on a rejuvenation on our subscription services, because we believe that a firewall can offer multiple subscriptions to our customers. And yes, we found good success and uptake every time we've deployed new subscription, we just want to increase the intensity of those subscriptions because today, there are still many point products that are being deployed in the infrastructure. So we see the firewall not just as, as I said, like as a, as an in-line firewall that protects you, but we also see that as a platform to be able to deploy more and more services where the customers don't need to plug more things, so. For our growth plan, it's important for us to get both depth and breadth on the product side.
Nikesh Arora: I think generally speaking, that, as Palo Alto Networks as a company has grown and we've expanded globally, we spend a lot more time making sure we have robust teams in every country in Europe. We have very strong leadership there. I think it's just, in my mind, it's really getting out there in front of customers and presenting our solutions and penetrating the market. So it's just good execution on the part of our EMEA team and all I can say is, from prior experience, a U.S.-based company, is very focused in the U.S. where it starts over time, and tries expanding globally, and we have a lot more room, we think in our international markets, and we're going to be continuing to focus on execution, not just in the U.S. but in EMEA as we've shown, and various parts of Asia Pacific and Latin America.
Nikesh Arora: Well, I think part of the challenge given to this sales team is, we've got to be able to walk and chew gum at the same time. So we'll have to - a bit of both. I think to be able to sustain the growth aspirations we have, you have to go out and expand in our existing base. We also have to be able to land new customers, because we have a lot of new products that we're trying to deploy, which will be deployed both in our existing customers and newer customers. So maybe more receptive to our new products, which we are deploying in the cloud space, in the Cortex space. So we really are trying to focus on both ends. The opportunity to go to existing customers and sell them new, existing product, new products is, of course, is great because they already have experienced our products, have deployed them and have the training and the experience on the products, but we're challenging our teams to try and do a bit of both.
Nikesh Arora: Our win rates haven't changed substantially over the last 12 months or last eight months at least, since I've been here. I think it's been pretty consistent across the board. We are seeing better traction obviously in some of our newer products, which we haven't seen in the past, hence the growth rates sustaining lower 60%, as Kathy mentioned. So we are seeing traction there, we are seeing our teams beginning to form around it. So we have expect - high expectations from the teams in that area. But generally across from a landscape perspective, one of you highlighted the success we're seeing more in EMEA. So clearly, that's more of a penetration strategy. So I think it's just steady execution across all fronts and wherever we feel that we need to go in step in and create more effort, we do by constantly inspecting our processes.
Nikesh Arora: Look, there are customers who already have policy network firewalls deployed and they're used to our panorama management pane, so they understand how to set up policies, how to make them work, and then GlobalProtect cloud's become an extension of their security posture. But we've also seen, as I highlighted the two wins we have had, we've also seen situations where we walked in, and a customer has deployed GlobalProtect cloud service because they believe it's a more secure product than the other product, which is competitor, which I cannot name, I forget.
Nikesh Arora: We're constantly adapting our sales force's compensation to make sure it meets the objectives we set for ourselves. In the quarter, we also take feedback based on where our expectations were different from what has transpired in the market. But there's nothing substantive that we have changed or we plan to change during the course of our year, because so far, it seems to be working. As there are no more questions, I just want to thank all of you for attending our call. I also want to shout out, give a big shout out to the team at the company, they've done a phenomenal job. So thank you very much, and I look forward to meeting with many of you in the upcoming weeks and some of you at the Morgan Stanley conference. Thank you.
Lee Klarich: Yes, good question. So let me just start by clarifying. The PA-7000 series and specifically the new modules that were introduced and launched as part of the 9.0 release earlier this month, that is the basis for the K2 series. But the K2 series is an optimized hardware platform targeted for service providers and specifically the mobile networks as we see those transitioning from 4G to 5G. And then with 5G, the advent of much broader IoT and in particular, high-value and sensitive IoT devices coming onto those that need security. So they're related but they are different offerings. Relative to service provider overall, we have been in this space and in this market, selling to service providers. We have seen success across different parts of the portfolio. The K2 series though is the first time we've designed and built a product specifically for that market, to really go capture the specialized opportunity that exists there.
Lee Klarich: Yes, and just to piggyback on top of what Nikesh said. I think one of the ways to think about this is, we do want to actually encourage customers to have more alerts, like more data is always a good thing, but only if for the majority of that, we can automatically deal with that, and that is where Demisto will fit in, is that, that automated playbooks and analytics to deal with sort of the large volume of alerts coming in. And then XDR provides that ability to stitch together data from different sources, really understand it and proactively present it to the soft analyst for the more sophisticated attacks, where you actually need an analyst to spend some time understanding it, investigating it and initiating responses. So they do work very sort of hand-in-hand in terms of how a soft analyst will think of the capabilities.
Lee Klarich: Yes, great question. The high level answer is obviously going to be, it depends. It depends on a number of things such as how large the customer is when they initially become a customer of Palo Alto Networks and where they are in that journey. We see, certainly a lot of our customers, they often will initially purchase for a particular project, deploy, gain success out of that and then use that success to leverage across other parts of their infrastructure over time. Obviously, we try to accelerate that in capabilities like the policy optimizer, actually allow us to help accelerate that, by moving them more quickly into the kind of security policies we think and they think are better, both from a security perspective as well as an ease-of-operation perspective. The second aspect to that is, the more they are able to see the value and consume the value of additional subscription service on top of that, whether that's fire prevention subscription, WildFire, and the URL filtering, GlobalProtect or now with 9.0, the DNS security service, the more value they see out of using us as their primary firewall in their infrastructure, which also then often drives broader consumption and usage. And so it is a journey, but what we see both in terms of utilization as well as footprint does continue to expand.
