David Niederman: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us on today's conference call to discuss Palo Alto Networks' fiscal fourth-quarter and fiscal-year 2020 financial results. I'm David Niederman, Vice President, Investor Relations. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed on the Investors section of our website at investors.paloaltonetworks.com. With me on today's call are Nikesh Arora, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Luis Visoso, our Chief Financial Officer; and Lee Klarich, our Chief Product Officer. This afternoon, we issued a press release announcing our results for the fiscal fourth quarter ended July 31, 2020. If you'd like a copy of the release, you can access it online on our website. We would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including statements regarding the duration that impacts of COVID-19 in our business, our customers, the enterprise and cybersecurity, industry and global economic conditions, our financial guidance and modeling points for the fiscal first-quarter 2021, our expectations with regard to certain financial results and operating metrics for fiscal-year 2021, our competitive position and the demand and market opportunity for our products and subscriptions, benefits and timing of new products, features and subscription offerings, including those from our proposed acquisition of The Crypsis Group, ARR and various billing run rates, as well as other financial and operating trends. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today. You should not rely on them as representing our views in the future, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. For a more detailed description of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 22, 2020, and our earnings release posted a few minutes ago on our website and filed with the SEC on Form 8-K. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. For historical periods, we have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in the supplemental financial information that can be found in the Investors section of our website located at investors.paloaltonetworks.com. And finally, once we have completed our formal remarks, we will be posting them to our Investor Relations website under the quarterly results section. We'd also like to inform you that we will be virtually participating in the Citi 2020 Global Technology Conference on September 8 and the Deutsche Bank's Technology Conference on September 14. And with that, I will turn the call over to Nikesh.
David Niederman: Our next question will come from Phil Winslow from Wells Fargo. Then we'll have Walt Pritchard from Citigroup.
David Niederman: Great. Our next question will come from Fatima Boolani from UBS and following Fatima, we'll have Sterling Auty from JP Morgan.
David Niederman: Our next question will come from Catharine Trebnick from Colliers, and then we'll have Patrick Colville from Deutsche Bank.
David Niederman: Our next question comes from Rob Owens from Piper Sandler, and then we'll Brian Essex from Goldman Sachs.
David Niederman: Our next question will come from Brent Thill from Jefferies. Following Brent, we'll have Jonathan Ho from William Blair.
David Niederman: Great. Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick, Credit Suisse. And this will be our final question.
David Niederman: That concludes the Q&A portion of our call. Thank you for all your questions. Back to Nikesh for closing remarks.
Nikesh Arora: Well, Saket, thank you very much for your question. Look, as we've been talking about the macro environment for a while now, and a lot of customers are not in their offices. When customers are not in their office, it's very hard for hardware to be delivered or POCs to happen. So we are calling that hardware is going to continue to be a tough business in the next 12 months. We saw appetite from existing customers who are expanding their state who are getting more firewalls because they need more capacity. You don't see as much new firewall business out there or new hardware business out there. So we have to be very careful and cautious around it, but we are seeing that being supplemented by a lot more software-based solutions. So you saw the success and strength in Prisma Access. You all success in our VMs. So we are seeing people step up and solve that problem using our software solutions more and more. And in cases where they need more capacity for more VPNs or more remote users, they are expanding capacity of firewalls or if they are going to a cycle where there are some firewalls getting end of life, they are doing a refresh in those cases. But in terms of subscriptions, I have to say, as I highlighted, DNS, which we launched in Q3 2019, has hit 3,000 customers mark. We are in the process of allowing subscription capability in the future on software firewall format. So you will see us continue to drive the subscription thing with early priority, but we have a lot of expectation of IoT because we believe that's an important need from the enterprise perspective. So we have launched B1 with our most recent MLR firewall, and we hope to be able to add more enhancements to IoT and make a success of that as well. This is hardware, I can see myself. I'm used to doing this on the earnings call.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah. Thanks, Keith, for the question. I think yeah, there is substitution going on. If you look at the example I highlighted in the call, where one of our customers was running out of capacity in their data center to be able to remote secure access and we went and deployed Prisma Access. They got 1,000 people live and -- over the weekend. They got more people live by the end next -- the following week, and now they're going to go put Prisma Access is across the entire state, across all their offices, and that would have been a box sale. Two years ago, that will mean more boxes in data center running VPN. So there's clear substitution going on. Prisma Access is substituting hardware. Now I like it because: A, it's a software form factor, which means we can update and upgrade that software on a more regular basis in hardware. So the customer has to do the updates and upgrades, and which is where the security risk comes in. So for us, having software form factors out there is a long-term amazing total cost of ownership benefit, not just for us, but our customers, allow us to keep updating security as we go on. So yes, the substitution is happening. It's happening from the hardware format to the software format in the case of Prisma Access. Or take the case when a customer says, as we at Palo Alto Networks, we have significantly shrunk our data center capacity. We basically shifted all of our own compute to Google Cloud or to AWS. And when that happens, we're not deploying more hardware in our data centers, we're actually buying more cloud from the public cloud providers. And to protect ourselves in those situations, we're putting our VM-Series firewalls or our CN-Series firewalls in the future against our cloud incident. So that's, again, because we're moving to the cloud, we're substituting our own hardware purchases or our own hardware deployment with what is a containerized or a VM firewall. So in both cases, you're seeing the substitution happen. That's why we've been talking about this Firewall as a Platform number for the last year and a half, saying, look, pay attention to that number because when these substitutions happen, some vendors or some partners or some industry players have some of those solutions, not all of them. And the virtue of us having all three form factors, whether a cloud-based firewall or a firewall that can operate in the hardware form factor or to Prisma Access or against the public cloud instance that allows us consistency and allows us to pitch the right firewall for the right situation.
Nikesh Arora: Well, we're going to make sure that we don't do what we did two years ago, that's your question. I don't want to use the word unprecedented because I think it's been used too often. But launching it -- right now, we're going through our sales kickoff. We've gone from a three-day event, which used to be physical last year in Vegas, and I'm not missing Vegas, but is turning to a six-week learning journey, and we're instrumented everything online, where people have to go through the learning process, and they're going to upload their video pitches up into a platform and each of them are going to rate each other and critic other. So we are all learning with the times in terms of how to go sort of initialize a sales force and new fiscal year. And I think our teams are doing a really good job of making that happen. So from that perspective, I am not concerned about our ability to go out there and create the opportunities from our sales teams. I think the real question going into next year is how do we continue to maintain the momentum. And as I've said, we intend to keep investing in our transformation that we've done so far with next generation security. We're all very pleased. If you'd asked me at the Analyst Day two years ago, what did -- one year ago, what did I think were the biggest risk was? My biggest risk was can we get to $805 million of billings for Next-Generation Security because they're all sort of somewhat fledgling businesses we bought, we were going to integrate them. We're going to go and convince customers that this is the right way to go buy cybersecurity. And $928 million of billings, just was a welcome surprise also for us in a good way. Our teams love the products. Our customers are loving the product. So we're just going to try and keep that momentum going into next year. All of our sales tweaks or commission tweaks or go-to-market weeks that we make are going to be aligned toward meeting the objectives that we set out to ourselves. So we're hoping not to make any major shifts yet keep doing and investing in the direction that the teams have shown success in so far.
Nikesh Arora: Sterling, that's a great question, and I would not comment on FireEye. But we have noticed when it comes to XDR, the customers are both excited about having a managed capability around it, as well as we've noticed that in the case of incident response, typically, if you have a good set of products, and those products help you protect in that or help you diagnose during that incident, the customers are reasonably keen on deploying those products on a larger scale. We've experienced that with XDR even without having incident response team. We've been called in by many of our large customers in certain cases where we've gone on sort of -- on a partnership basis, gone and help them in the case of an incident or in the case of a breach. And almost all times, invariably, the customers have actually embraced XDR and deployed it in large numbers. So we've noticed that, and we believe that if we had a team that was being sort of canvassed and asked to come in and do -- help in this case, Crypsis has done 1,700 such responses from an incident perspective, we think the upsell or cross-sell possibility for XDR, if it's the right product, in that instance, is huge. So we think -- I think this will significantly allow us to amplify our success in XDR in the future.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah. I think, Patrick, thank you for the question. I don't get to the same conclusion. So the way we think about the firewall platform, as you see, we consider a situation where we sell Prisma Access could have been a hardware situation. And if you sold Prisma Access with CloudGenix and SD-WAN solution, we think that's a like-for-like deal where we're not losing market share. And the reason we've been talking about Firewall as a Platform last half and a year or so is when we look at market share from the firewall perspective and say, am I selling more firewalling capability than the industry growth rate. I think the industry growth of firewalls is in the low single-digit range. And if we can deliver Firewall as a Platform growth rates in the high teens, that's a good outcome for us. So we grew Firewall as a Platform at 19% industry probably grew 3%, 4%. We think we took share. I took share with software, which I think is in the long term, much better outcome for us, that could allows us to leave our customers in a better situation. And also, it's not a hardware dependent business where there's more risk. So we don't -- you don't get to the same conclusion on loss of market share. As long as I'm growing Firewall as a Platform in the ranges that we have, I think, we're taking share. We may be shifting share, to the earlier question, from hardware to software, but we don't have an intention of losing any share to anybody in the market. Hopefully, we intend to gain share in the market. And I think you have to look at it more holistically across what Zscaler is doing, what Check Point is doing, what Microsoft firewalls are doing, what our firewalls are doing. If you look at that as a total firewall market, we want to be growing that share of that pie. And even the current environment, as I've said, it's very hard to go deploy hardware or sell hardware customers because many of them are not there in the office to take delivery and do proof of concept even. So we're delighted that we have software form factors to be able to sell them in this environment and deploy them remotely because that's what the customers are looking for right now.
Nikesh Arora: So I'm going to give you a perspective, and I'm going to ask Lee to jump in and talk about the margin. Look, one of the points of view we have taken as we deploy our next-generation of products, whether it's cloud security or Cortex, we have tried to make sure that we give the customers the best-of-breed integrated solution for cloud security. So when we bought RedLock, we bought Twistlock and PureSec and Aporeto, we made sure they were integrated into one platform. The way we sell it is we go to a customer and say, buy credits. Our customers buy credits to use our products. And we keep introducing these new modules within our product and as the customers experience their product, they start exploring these new modules and start using them, which keeps decrementing credit. So we're trying to create scale from a go-to-market perspective and provide them the best capabilities. So toward that end, the 1,800 customers we have for Prisma Cloud, these customers barring on-prem versus cloud versions, they will have the opportunity of experiencing every one of our modules without having to come out and buy it from us. They would already have it as part of the product. And if they choose to use it, they will decrement their credits faster. So that's our strategy. And toward that end, we believe that the true benefit for the security solution of the customer, as well as for us economically is if we don't have to go do a sort of a sales role every time that we are launching a new module because we believe cloud security is not fully developed as a platform. So we will have seven modules sometime later today, and I'll let Lee talk about the future functionality.
Nikesh Arora: So the -- obviously, super excited about the release and all of the capabilities, the ML powered next-gen firewall really just infusing machine learning into the core of the product. I'd say to begin with any of our customers who have a hardware device or a software form factor able to use it. However, they need to be on some of the newer hardware platforms. So this will incent some customers who are still on older generation of hardware to want to upgrade in order to get these capabilities. Second, this is the release that will unlock some of the newer subscriptions we talked about, including IoT security. And so there will be added incentive for our customers to get to 10.0 in order to take advantage of those new subscriptions.
Nikesh Arora: Brent, as we highlighted in the prepared remarks, we have followed a very disciplined approach. We look at -- we're constantly looking at new cybersecurity capabilities in the industry. As you know that as soon as Antidote is found toward a cyber breach tactic, the hackers start working the next way to try and figure out how to hack the customers. So we have to be constantly on the lookout. And we've taken a very, very proactive point of view that we don't want our customers have to go integrate these solutions themselves, which is what causes the chaos in cybersecurity. So we've stepped up and said, we're going to become more and more comprehensive player in areas where we believe we can add value. So we're not going to -- we don't see value in going after old red oceans where there's enough players in the market. And we're not trying to create a place to get everything. We're trying to get to a place where the product that we deliver or the platform we deliver has all comprehensive capability. And as I've said, cloud security is not fully evolved because we are all moving to the cloud and discovering across the entire process. And our customers are having to integrate some solutions. That's why we've chosen to acquire some companies but also build these next few modules that Lee highlighted internally organically because we believe the cost of integration will be higher than doing organic development ourselves. So we're just -- we're constantly on the lookout to make sure that we are solving the problem with the customer. We will continue to stay on the lookout, Brent. And all we're trying to highlight is that we're not -- we're very thoughtful when we do M&A. We look at it both from an economic and a product perspective. And so far, our track record has shown that we are able to significantly accelerate the capabilities once we acquire these companies, both from a go-to-market perspective or a product perspective, and we're going to continue looking at the market from that lens.
Nikesh Arora: Thank you, again, everyone, for joining us today. Palo Alto Networks remains committed to helping our employees, partners and customers navigate the challenges posed by global pandemic in every way we can. We're striving to empathize with those suffering from the worst impacts and then help in our communities and networks where possible. I'm encouraged by the positive attitude and teamwork I see on display from our committed employees, and this helps fuel our drive to continue our mission of making each day safer and more secure than ever before. We look forward to connect virtually with all of you at one of the many upcoming investor calls. Be safe and stay healthy. Thank you again for joining our call. Have a great evening.
Lee Klarich: Thank you, Nikesh. Good question, Catharine. What we have seen relative to the cloud providers is they -- it's very important to them to have a set of security capabilities that helps remove certain obstacles for getting customers to consume more and more cloud, but not necessarily going to the level of true enterprise class. And I think that's the underpinning of our success with VM-Series and just recently released CN-Series, Prisma Cloud as well. We're really focused on bringing the enterprise-class capabilities that our customers expect in a much more tightly integrated fashion, and being able to then take those capabilities and go multi-cloud, as well as hybrid cloud. And so one of the key differences in our approach is our ability to support our larger customers as they have multi-cloud strategies, whereas the cloud providers themselves are almost by definition, going to be single cloud in their solutions.
Lee Klarich: Yeah. So one of the very strong points of feedback we're hearing from our customers with Prisma Cloud is our ability to give them both breadth of capability, as well as depth in those capabilities is really resonating. They like the strategy of an integrated platform, delivering increasingly comprehensive set of cloud security capabilities that they need. So with that in mind, these three new modules that will be coming out, we expect this fiscal quarter are really exciting. The first one is data security. So this is effectively applying both DOP, as well as malware scanning to cloud storage. Cloud storage -- basically, data breaches is one of the big challenges a lot of customers deal with. And this module will aim to address and fix that. Second is a module focused on web application and API security. So this will play in the sort of the WAF and RASP market categories. And fully integrated, leveraging the exact same agent that our customers have already deployed when using us to do container and serverless security. And then IAM security, which is focused on the cloud credentials that customers have and a really big challenge around overprovisioning and permissioning of those credentials. And so this will give visibility, as well as security around how to lock those down with the right security policy and then tying this back to what cash as these new modules are available, our Prisma Cloud customers will simply be able to start using them, and decrementing the capacity they've already purchased from, is making the -- turning on and using these new modules super simple.
Lee Klarich: Jonathan, so to your first question, where we're seeing the fastest growth. I mean I think, obviously, as you've seen, we're seeing great growth across the platform. [Indiscernible] Firewall as a Platform and inclusive of Prisma Access and the newly integrate CloudGenix, Prisma Cloud, certainly with the recent acceleration of the shift to cloud, Prisma Cloud has been a fantastic cloud security platform available for our customers to help them in that shift. And Cortex is really gaining traction both around XSOAR and XDR.
