Steffan Tomlinson: The contribution from unattached subscription billings was healthy on year-over-year basis. We still have a predominant amount of billing from attached subscriptions but the percentage growth rate for unattached subscriptions tends to outpace the attached at this point just given the relative sizes. 
Steffan Tomlinson: Yes. We continue to expect to grow revenue greater than 30% and closer to the 30% to 31% for the year. That's really due to elongating sales cycle. As Mark mentioned, it is much faster than the growth rate of the competition or the rate of the market. We feel comfortable that even with a little bit of lower revenue number for the year, we are able to still get to the $2.75 to $2.80 non-GAAP EPS through operational discipline and rigor. And that's why we feel comfortable with the $2.75 to $2.80. 
Steffan Tomlinson: Well, it's inclusive of it. So our guidance range last - when we talked about in our Q4 earnings call for the set up for FY2017 was $2.75 to $2.80, and that was including a benefit of the deferred commission change so that's still baked into it, but the $2.75 to $2.80 that's we are calling right now is not changing any assumption that we talked about from Q4. 
Steffan Tomlinson: We did see modest uptick in duration on a sequential basis. When we see growth on long-term deferred revenue in this quarter kind of year-over-year basis is about 84%. That's been in a relatively call it tight range over the last several quarters. That is an indication that our customers are willing to standardize on us a platform. So [Lockson] is a strategic partner. And we believe that's a very good indication. It's actually a sign of the strength of the platform. We have seen some larger deals that Mark had highlighted that they ended up slipping past to end of the quarter sales elongation is the reason there. Had those bill not slipped we would have seen even more healthy kind of increase in both short term and long term deferred revenue. So the deferred revenue would have been better had we not had the sale cycle elongation. And going forward we factored in sales cycle elongation into guidance. And that is a prudent thing to do at this point. And if sales cycle start to shorten we will update then but right now we are basically taking our sales cycle and factoring that into the methodology for the guidance, for not end of the quarter but for the year. 
Steffan Tomlinson: And on a year-over-year basis, I know is the largest Q1 customer adds that we had so and relative to contribution. We still get call it three quarters to 80% of all our business from our install base of customers. And you can imagine with 34,000 customers that we had entering the quarter, the purchasing power of their installed base is extremely high. So contribution from new customers definitely helps but the purchasing power is really lies in the installed base. 
Steffan Tomlinson: It's kind of where how the chips fall in the quarter with the when you wants that larger customers tend to do multiyear deals but we do see smaller customers doing multiyear deals too just that the impact of the larger customers is more pronounced just because of the ticket size is often times it could be four five times greater than what the smaller customer is purchasing. 
Steffan Tomlinson: Well, we have this growth and profitability framework which we have outlined and that we are adhering to. And what we called out as that in this fiscal year we are going to be in high growth mode which is greater than 30% revenue growth. And what we've given as a construct for the year is that product revenue growth on a year-over-year basis would be approximately 12% to 13% year-over-year. And we would need that to be the case in order for the projections to be achievable. So that's basically the construct for the year. We don't have a product growth rate on a long term all basis that we talked about because ultimately it is about selling the whole platform. And we are focused on selling all elements of the platform and that's how we talk about total revenue growth as the primary indicator. There are sub components that we give headlights too like product and subscription and services and renewals. But it is really total revenue growth. 
Steffan Tomlinson: So for the four subscriptions that attached to the appliance we've seen very strong growth rates and very high attached rates. On a sequential basis -- we talk about it on a semi-annual basis. And I had gone back and take a look at if the number grew on a year-over-year basis but that attach rates were healthy. The fun attached business which we have four subscription services that are AutoFocus, Aperture, Traps and Virtual, those don't have a concept in their attach. They are lower in terms of the base but they have triple digit growth rates. So both subscriptions both the attach non attached are growing very healthily. I have just get back to you on whether or not the second half -- if the attach growth rate grew on an annual basis. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure. It's Mark. Yes, I am pretty sure it's not competition related, right, when you get to see that playing through from a data perspective, when we look at the quarter we just posted with 34% revenue growth and look at the major competitors, we are 3x higher than Cisco in growth, 5x higher than Check Point in growth right. So those win rates are very high, they have been consistently very high and we expect them to continue to remain that way into the future. So it doesn't look to be anything competitive there. Importantly, we are always look at the technical stuff as well competitively and we don't see anything that competition has done differently. I think the kind of rates of growth and the compares really prove that out.  From a second half perspective, we said earlier that we expect the second half to be stronger than the first half. We still expect that to be the case. We know that this second half comps are better in the first half, that the increasing cohort opportunity and bigger cohorts to refresh and the innovation engine to fuel that. We are also continuing to see pickup from the service provider which had a very good first quarter beating the numbers which we like a lot. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, we've been growing at very high rates as you know over time so we’ve prided ourselves in trying to make sure that we are putting all the people processes and system changes in place to scale with that growth, that advance so we make changes every year from a go to market perspective just in order to keep up with that kind of growth. We didn't do anything different this year. 
Mark McLaughlin: I'll take the first part of that, Sterling. So from a change perspective I mean change what we are thinking before which we expected the second half to be stronger than the first half. So that's still obviously is the case given the guidance, that were given today for the reasons that I just gave to Keith so from an environment perspective looks like from a mixed environment out there, if you look at all the security companies and peers recording, that hasn't changed a lot in the last couple of three quarters. So they got better and that would be a positive for everybody but still not an [inaudible] we are delivering way faster than all the competition in the space. I'll turn the EPS question over to Steffan.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Andrew, it is Mark. Yes, so as we noted earlier we've seen a number of deals, a handful deals that [inaudible] larger deals because we are winning bigger deals with bigger companies and it doesn't take a lot of those to push just going a quarter, given that our biggest market is the Americas and that's where we, lot of our customer base is, that would be the place that would be most impacted. 
Mark McLaughlin: That's good question. I don't think that's the case, Andrew. The VM-Series, our cloud in general I think it continues to be great selling point for us because we can provide the consistency and security both across on prem, hybrid to public cloud environments, and that's what customers are responding to. The front end of that thrust is the VM-Series and I said in my prepared remarks about half of the customers that came to us in the first quarter their first experience with Palo Alto Networks is to buy VM-Series. So it's clearly opening door for us. Maybe more interesting to your question though if we looked at over the 2,000 plus customers we have on VM-Series today, that trend is holding about more than half of those were first time customers at Palo Alto Networks with the VM-Series. Again if we look at back that, more than a majority of those have come back and purchased hardware, for example, since they joined us with the VM-Series. So this looks to be a positive [inaudible].
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, we saw good contribution across our entire family not just in the hardware side but across all the services side as well. One thing that we really like to see in the first quarter went well for us was particularly in the high end stuff is in the service provider business. We organized a lot around that in last year's time and that team did a great job beating the number in the first quarter. So that's fantastic like to see more of that coming and those customers tend to buy the higher end device. 
Mark McLaughlin: It was good. We got a good Fed business that's true across civilian, the intelligence community, the defense community as well. So we are growing a very nice Fed business that quarter came in well for us as you know the Fed year end is inside that quarter. The only blemish on that business here was we had one high seven figure deal that pushed into the next week for the few number days, mostly due to the government is still operating under continued resolution so it has a little couple more approvals had to get done in budget. So but other than it was exactly a good we expected.
Mark McLaughlin: Hi, Jayson. It's Mark here. It's hard to pass through that level of detail with the customers. So first of all let's just talk about the handful of the deals, so it is not lot of things. Getting to the specifics as to why that may occur, whether it was related to election or not, that's hard to get from customers. I think generally it is good thing that watch is over from a consistency and certain key perspective regardless of who win right. I think everybody probably feels that but we didn't hear that being expressed through the customers. But we are seeing is that we are winning bigger deals, bigger companies, we are working on a architectural, strategic, long-term projects with companies which is great but we are seeing a bit longer to get done. 
Mark McLaughlin: We think a couple of things. First is that as you know it was a vertical that we hadn't been super focused on for a number of years and we've organized around that last year to both from a product perspective to really get some service provider to put a lot more focus on that internally. That's primarily because we think that industry can benefit from the advanced security we have. Also when you see data moving around as it is, it has been continued with IoT and things like that. The mobile framework is becoming increasingly important in order to make those things happen right. So security is going to become increasingly important. And we want to make sure that we bring our advanced security capabilities to that market. And we are doing that. So that said, pleased with service provider results, that business is not as big as rest of our business yet but it is growing at very nice rates and that feedback so far has been very positive on we brought to the marketing. 
Mark McLaughlin: I'll take the first question on that. [indiscernible] of course right it is a big deal, it is macro trend and as people are thinking about cloud, one of the main things we hear from customers not surprisingly is the security aspect of that and an increasingly what's obvious to us as well is they beat and won of the consistency of security and with their on prem in cloud and any play with cloud right. And that's where we are uniquely bringing to the customer base here today. You don't have to have different security and more when you have different security outcomes [Technical Difficulty] like to have on prem, so they are looking for that answer. And they are also know that they are probably going to have multi call strategy as well. So who can bring the consistency of security in all the situations that increasingly as the powerful network and I think that showing through with our relationships with the results for our VM-Series. So I think it's a good thing. I mean all those kind of accurate things with IoT or cloud or all those things go into the next when people are making their decisions over top technologic companies we think the positive of course. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Michael speaking about our version 3.4 which we brought out in the late summer timeframe which got very positive reviews both externally and from our prospect and customer base. The main reason for that is as we continue to iterate Traps and that was a very big iteration there, it became very clear after that release that it could be a head on to the replacement right. And that's what the big budget in the market is and that's where people are increasingly buying traps to that. Now in addition to having those capabilities to be an AV replacement which it has, we also want to get external validation of that -- get that in a number ways. Some as third party testing, so you've seen some of the reports coming out where those tests supporting well, getting the kind of compliance check off like I mentioned on the call for HIPAA and PCI is important so that people from an auditing perspective, so yes that can be an AV replacement, and in third just reference ability. Now if over a million things under protection with Traps bit size and very fast growing customer base. People talking to people saying this really works not just only as an AV replacement more importantly as fill time prevention end points and probably just as importantly to seamlessly bring together progression from end point to network to cloud to all things platform provide them. 
Mark McLaughlin: No. I guess couple of things, one is you correctly noted that from a refresh cycle perspective and the amount of customers that would even be up for refresh, vast majority of that is coming into play starting in the second half this year and beyond. That's the first thing. The second thing of the refresh as we've seen in the earlier cohorts even though a small have been very strong and then just as a general matter so it is not really Palo Alto Networks view point but it is from an industry perspective haven't seen anything different in the cycles of refresh, little hard to call those but generally 4 to 6 years but that seems to be the case still. 
Mark McLaughlin: Well, couple of three things and that probably fact it is the first is that that Wildfire has to be and is very good at these end marks right. So super capable as best of breed right from a sandbox perspective and those are cable space, in order to that for people and I think with the size of the customer base and the kind of customers they were adding we can see it's get very high mark, so that's one. Two, Wildfire is really well done in a sense that it is delivered from the cloud right. So the second thing is that for us to have the ability to bring that kind of capability from the cloud and do it at enormous scale which we are doing today is a competitive differentiator for us. The third thing is that it is under the brains of the platform right. So when you have Wildfire and you are using it that is how you actually get in about five minutes real time update to everything we know across the earth ecosystem of our customers provided you automatically to high degrees of automation. And the last point which I think is going to be increasingly important over time and here we are way ahead just given the size of the customer base and the architecture is we are dealing with gobbs of data right, and I said petabytes of data here. So our ability to make that data useful for Wildfire itself to get the five minute update and then to do additional things like we've done with AutoFocus which is to provide high degrees of relevance and correlation almost in real time to that data and be able to continue to do that without much that kind of scale is increasingly important. So I think those are very high competitive barriers for anybody to get over let alone somebody who is just showing up to the bogging. 
Mark McLaughlin: I think it looks like security is still a big deal right. And I would guess that was going to be the case for really long time to come just because it is so important to underpinning all of the trust in the digital. So I don't see that changing whatsoever. What we are seeing in our business is that we are in bigger and bigger companies getting these larger deals done. And they tend to be more complex because of the architectural aspects of it and we are winning them right. So it just taking longer to get some of them on which is unfortunate but on a long term basis it is very beneficial for the company. We put a hell a lot of focus as we mentioned before in 2,000 customer segment because we think 70% plus of the addressable market opportunity in that segment. We got over 1,100 customers in Q1, 100 right now, we've added 1,000 in Q1, we added over 100 year-over-year. And about 40% of our sales in Q1 for example are coming out of G2, 000, and that's growing high and up into the right. So it is increasingly important segment but what you get with that is you are going to get these larger architectural designs right that are taking so longer to get done and like I said that's a good thing for us in the long term but it might have some impact on a short term. And all that said not we do have to win these fields, we got to call bond then we are going to get them as well. So we realize it we do a better job on that. We are definitely focused on that. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure. So two angles on that. One is this has been a very, very competitive market. You can think as being competitive market we definitely looked on to the price card, Cisco, Check Point, Fortinet have been doing that for quite some time. If we look at our quarter gaining gross margin are good or high, we didn't see any discounting pressure meeting on us from a sequential basis. And we are able to combat that like I said with this architectural design win what we bring from a platform perspective, we expect to really continue to do that.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. I think it's a good question. So I have two angles on that one. The first would be for the things that we think we know for sure right which would be when these bigger companies and bigger deals with like I said these architectural design wins and meeting to the architectural wins that are strategic in nature. A very good sense of that because we are winning the deals. We know we are continuing with the winning and is very high rates on that. As far as how long they may take from an approval process or spending cycle process they get done, there could be lots of factors that play around that. You mentioned a whole bunch of right election price boil and brexit and interest rate and all sorts of stuff that can provide, that can put some uncertainty into the macro spending environment that which looks today like I said earlier next that's what it sound like from report that we've seen and certainty in business deal and those things that would help improve our time, those would be great. But we are trying to really pay attention to things that we can be for sure than with -- 
Mark McLaughlin: No. It's very consistent. One of the things we mentioned in the past Gregg that it continues to be the case is from ASP perspective generally those continue to grow over time. Lot of our wins is first time wins for somebody and we get into expand very dramatically over time and on to those dynamics change. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Walter, good question. So, yes, all these quarters when we talk about these numbers and to round right so but I said well over 1,500 in a quarter that would closer to 2,000, this quarter than 1,500 so customer, new customer acquisitions has been very sharp. 
Mark McLaughlin: Sure. Well, if I back up for a minute get handful of thing can over line as I mentioned before. Over 10,000 plus deals so some of the -- it is only take few of the very one not come across the line to have the less or best quarter than we would have fight and that's what happened the situation. So when we look at what's happening right now, about half of those are closed so far we got deadline -- 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. I have seen commentary along that, you are correct on pass as well I think it looks as though in the last few years time a lot of stuff has been bought in security from a lot of different providers right. And what we've seen from the -- people working in their way through that is a lot of the point capabilities that it were sold and bought by these folks, they have to work their way through those capabilities being from a minimum from an amortization depreciation cycle perspective right. So you can see that we are subsuming a lot of that into the platform at very high rate but it is not unusual to go into a customer and say, hey, use Wildfire for example, we wanted to sell Wildfire, you already bought parts for the platform before and get a comment from them to say got love it, it sounds great, I tested it, I got to amortize to think I have a depreciate to think I have just little further so locked to be in six months right or whatever the situation maybe. And that could be true for proxies or sandboxes or desk capabilities for end points go across the board. So folks digesting a lot of things that they got over the last few years. It can have an impact on when they made purchase our thing that is part of the platform. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. A lot of people are talking about that. It's I think it's going to be important, this is a general matter and what Matt talking about there is not in distant future like in United States there will be similar kind of legislation that will take effect. It is already passed, it will take effect in Europe that says you have to report breach right. And when those things happen the focus and attention for companies once they actually have to report stuff should go up. Now we certainly saw that in United States. We think you would see that in Europe. Now the dimensioning part of that legislation is that it uses the term that's very important and it says that you need to state of the art security capabilities right. So state of the art is great right that next generation, that's advanced, that's platform that's all of the things that we've been successful selling. And to double underline that point just to make sure that folks in Europe know that Palo Alto Networks is provider of that. We've taken a lot of the marketing capabilities that we've been so successful force to bargain, we export them most recently for example we published a version of our book which is called Navigating Digital Age which is something that is designed for C suite executive and board members and it has been incredibly well read in the United States. We just published that in French. And that would came out end of last quarter and in side we also launched in Australia as well not the US - a pack that they similar legislation coming into play very same. So we are pushing materials like that in local languages with local experts and very much aligning ourselves with the -- in the case of Europe with state of the art and defining what that means for security feature. 
Mark McLaughlin: A couple of things there. One is I think this is definitely the age of the platform right. We are definitively seeing the move from, the paradigm shift from point solutions that are prevention delivered as hardware into nextgen platform that are prevention oriented, some of which will be delivered as hardware and a lot of which we delivered as software and from a stocky facility and that's what's driving the growth in our platform. We are going to have both of them. It is going to be hardware and software capabilities and we would expect that the hardware component that would be follow product end front that would be healthy and continues to grow over time. We said we saw second half acceleration which we do expect to see for some of the reasons we expressed already. And that's our view as to where this is going to go. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. On the percentage of billings from new versus existing, it is approximately call three quarters to 80% of billing come from our existing and installed base of customers. And in the dynamic which I reference in the past is this quarter we added north of 1,500 customers in the quarter, new customers but that's too a base of 34,000 customers. And you think about the flywheel that's going on around repeat purchasing, the top 20 five, you look at all of those LTV stats; those are all up into the right. So the purchasing power is a lot greater for the installed base of customers which is why you have three quarters to 80% contribution coming from there. Then your second question was on push deals and whether those came from new customers or existing customers, is primarily new customers where we saw a little elongation of sales cycle. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. I think that deal is a bridging if you will of the public and private collaborate. So I think it is a growing recognition by public call providers and hybrid or private call providers that it is going to be a hybrid world into the future. That's going to be on premise, it is going to be hybrid, and it is going to be public as well. And what companies want to do and I mentioned this consistency aspect is that they want to be able to move their data seamlessly across all over though they sometime they want to be in cloud, sometimes they want to be on prem and sometime they want to be between both. And I think that's what the AWS and VMware deal represent, recognition by both of those companies, probably more in the industry that's going to be the case in the future. So from the security perspective our ability to tell a customer that we can provide exactly the same kind of security in a high consistent manner whatever the data maybe and cloud whether it is on prem, hybrid or public or even more important that it maybe just as important that is everywhere else too across endpoints and third party SaaS application being delivered from the cloud. We get to say we can do the exact same level of security which is the most advanced security can possibly have, exactly the same in all those cases. [Technical Difficulty] 
Mark McLaughlin: Great. Well, thanks everybody for being on the call this afternoon. And before I close as always I want to thank the Palo Alto Networks team for their dedication and our customers and partners for the opportunity to work with them. We take the responsibility of helping the world’s largest organizations solve their most critical security challenges very seriously. Also, I hope everyone has a safe and enjoyable Thanksgiving. Thanks for your time. 
