Mark McLaughlin: It's Mark. I think we're seeing a mix of those things. What we've seen for quite some time is that, when given an opportunity to get in front of the customer in the first place, regardless of the insertion point, we have demonstrated the ability to come in and displace and incumbent and expand with that over time. So that's a big driver of business, obviously. Then in addition to that, with security being so important globally as a consideration for companies, there's also new spend opportunities from a CAGR perspective. We do very well there, as well. We benefit from both of those.
Mark McLaughlin: What we're seeing with North America as our most mature market where we started, and the company just continued amazing growth in an area where we still have so much untapped potential for the company, the US being the largest economy in the world, a lot of focus on cyber security. So it's great to see the biggest market continue to grow at those rates. In addition to that, we're posting very nice growth rates in EMEA and APAC as well, as you can see from the results. Those are both areas where we continue to invest as well, not only from a brand recognition perspective, but sales and distribution capabilities as well, so things look good.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, I think the – first of all, it's a big market opportunity, it's about a $5 billion market, and I would not -- I don't think it's an understatement to say that's up for grabs substantially. There's a lot of activity in the space. What we're hearing more and more from customers is a recognition of two things. First is the legacy endpoint technology just is not doing the job for them. It's pretty obvious. The second thing is, they're not looking for yet one more point solution or one more thing to put on an endpoint. They very much like and the platform story, and it resonates very well with them. What we're hearing customers say is we like the fact Traps actually does prevention, not just yet another detection capability, and that it's natively integrated into the platform so it connects my network and the endpoints together, so it's a powerful story.
Mark McLaughlin: That's a good question. I think something that we believed for quite some time and I think it will definitely play out in the future, whether a quarter shows progression, I would never call something on one quarter, but we're pretty convicted that a few things are happening. One is that legacy technology is definitely giving way to next-generation technology. The second is that point solutions are giving away to platforms, right? And then the third is that the primary focus being I’ll call it downstream response remediation, giving way to upstream prevention. So if you put those three things together, if you are able to ring the bell on all three of those, the way Palo Alto can do, I think we would continue to distance ourselves from the competition. Other players can ring one, two of those bells, but nobody else is ringing three of them. That's why we continue to outpace everybody.
Mark McLaughlin: I haven't seen that, generally. What we've seen is a couple things. One, I've heard Cisco saying they are now serious about security. I've heard that a few times in the last few years. But we only really take our cue from what our customers tell us. And what our customers are telling us is that you can't retrofit legacy technology by buying companies and popping them on top of each other, and come out with a next generation of platform capability, and that just sounds like more cost and complexity. We continue to beat Cisco handily quarter after quarter, as we've done this last quarter. I would note some other players who, a while back, have touted that the problem is not technology, it's a lack of sales and marketing costs, have invested heavily in that, and doesn't really look like their growth rates are supporting that statement, looks more like a technology issue to me. Again, I would never call something on one quarter.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure, Gregg. That's a great question. The answer not surprisingly is all of the above. We have lots of customers who just continue to expand with us in different portions of their network environment. Lots of customers continue to add subscription services that they didn't start with in the beginning, and some, of course, are doing maintenance renewals as well. It's really a mix of all those things. But as we mentioned before, the expansion part of our business is, the majority of our business is growing very, very nicely, and you can see our customers and large customers just continue to buy more and more from us over time.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Good question. So Fed's a great market for us. We had a very nice quarter there, and good strong end to the Fed year, so we're very pleased with it.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure, Brent. What we're seeing is a across the board, regardless of what subscription service we're talking about, there's a clear desire for folks to have a high degree of prevention orientation, and have that to be native in one platform. You have to - when we look at our platform, and the capabilities of every aspect of the platform, we'll stack them up all day long to any best of breed provider on their capabilities, and WildFire, in that case, performs very, very well. And in addition to that, which is unmatched, it's part of the platform. The platform is more powerful, because of every piece that's part of it, and each of the pieces are more powerful, because they're in the platform, and that's the reason why customers are coming to this so rapidly, as you can see from the numbers. Then on top of that, we network the whole thing, which means we can rapidly share what we find from one customer's perspective, with thousands and thousands of other customers, which increases the probability that the next time an unknown threat comes across somebody's network, we saw it somewhere else, and we just stop it right away. It's really a combination of those things that's driving WildFire.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure, Catharine. Yes, there is a few very important differences. The first is that the virtualized series we have, the virtualization of everything we offer, right, so you have to start with next generation technology versus legacy stateful inspection technology. Other competitors in the market have virtualized stateful inspection firewalls, which means they are equivalent technically to a stateful inspection firewall. We have virtualized our entire next generation enterprise security platform, so that's the primary difference between us and all comers in that case, whether they be some large existing legacy providers, or any of the new ones.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. What we're seeing there, Katherine, that's a great question, is that as things move around, like the network becomes more amorphous in nature, applications move off network, users move off network, cloud computing, all the things that are big macro trends. What we're seeing there is that it's very important to have virtualized capabilities, because you need to move those virtualized capabilities around very quickly and have a very good degree automation amongst them. It's the combination of that, that's really enticing our customers to use us, and we noted how fast the VM series is growing, and that's just one indicator of how forward leaning we are into the virtualized space and the adoption rate there.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, the engagement level for us has been high and continues to be high into the company and I should have been more specific. What I meant there was what we call executive briefings. We have an executive briefing center here in Santa Clara. When we bring somebody in for an executive briefing, it's usually folks are coming in for a minimum of four hours, perhaps eight hours. So they spend an entire day with us with a big portion of their senior technology executive team, sometimes executives outside the technology team as well, and we get an opportunity to hear what their needs are, what their strategy is, we'll do a deep dive on our road map, bring in our technical experts, and these are fantastic. The feedback on this from customers is really great. They very much find it to be a useful, useful amount of their time, and they also get the opportunity to do actual testing in our lab. We'll take them right across the hallway, and they get to test as much as they want, so it's very useful. I just wanted to note that because with 140 of these in the last quarter, that is the biggest number we've ever done. We're literally bursting at the seams. We had to knock down a couple of walls about three months to add more space down there, so it's just something that's a great demand generator for us.
Mark McLaughlin: The other thing is, it's not just about the attach rates of the four subscription services, but we have Traps, AutoFocus and Aperture, our three subscription services that are coming into play, and that is also providing incremental business opportunity from us, which is starting to show up in deferred revenue and billings.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, it's great. Michael, this is Mark. We had hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of customers in the beta before we rolled that out, and a lot of them now are looking for purchasing decisions. We sold AutoFocus in Q1 to a number of those customers. So far the feedback is -- they say this is very impressive. This is taking a lot of data and making it very relevant for me in a very fast basis, so I can make decisions with my least leverageable resource I have in the company, which is my people.
Mark McLaughlin: Jayson, its Mark. We have seen our own customer base refreshing, as well. As you noted, the couple cohorts we discussed before actually 2009 and 2010, which is a bit less than 2,000 customers against a 28,000 customer base. Of course, we're very pleased to see customers refresh that technology. We'd expect that to continue over time, as more of the base matures. But the biggest driver of the business today is the expansion inside of those customers, not just the refreshes. So they're all expanding, or pretty much all been expanding at very healthy rates. On top of that, when these bigger numbers of cohorts kick in, from a refresh perspective, that should be a tailwind for us.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. So I'll take the second part first, which is the productivity of our sales force is one of the key drivers of our business. We have now much more than 50% of our quota-carrying salespeople being fully ramped versus ramping, and we continue to see that trend going forward. So that plays a key role in the overall, both productivity and capacity of our overall sales organization. And we have done, I think, a decent job of managing growth and profitability. We continually balance that on a quarter by quarter basis, and you saw that we've again reiterated our 22% to 25% non-GAAP operating margin exiting Q4 fiscal '16, and we don't give guidance more than one quarter out relative to billings or revenue. But we feel like we can -- we are optimally set up to continue to take a lot of market share, but doing it in a profitable manner. What we've also said is, this is a growth and profitability story. It's not a growth or profitability story. So we continue to manage that dynamic, and we're doing what's in the best interest of our business.
Mark McLaughlin: Walter, I'd put it more in a continuation bucket. What we're seeing in general is throughput requirements just continue to rise for companies in general, with more applications that are heavier throughput hogs. The second thing we're seeing is a lot of work in data centers as people are moving to next generation data centers, as well. And a third area we see progress is in the service provider market. So it's a combination of all three of those things that have us selling well with the 7000 series, which now includes the 7080 as well.
Mark McLaughlin: Joel, its Mark. So let me -- for background, let me say what the market is, right? As data users and things move around, as the traditional concept of the network gets more amorphous over time, one of the areas that's important is where's your data, and what applications are being used. So if you're using an application that's not on your network, and the user is connecting to it not through the network, then the ability to apply network security processes to it, and policies to it is limited because there's no visibility on it. So that's the problem, right? What Aperture does is it uses API hooks to stand in the shoes of the credentialed user in a major third-party sanctioned SaaS application that has really great technology that is looking for anomalies based on users' end data and the ability to identify and quickly fix it. That's what it does. Naturally, we think that is part of a prevention platform. It's important, but it doesn't deserve to be outside of the platform, and I don't think customers want to be buying yet more devices and complexity to put in their network to solve that use case. And that's what they've very clearly told us, and that's why we made a move into that market.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, I think that somebody had to -- what we're talking about is in a sense somebody had to broker your data for you. We're just trying to do is make sure you can control the data in the first place, you don't need to add another third party in the process to do that. That just adds complexity.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure, Michael. So, there's, as you know, some customers will choose to outsource portions of the security operations into managed security service providers, definitely seeing a growth in that business. And almost all of the large MSS providers know how to work with and manage Palo Alto capabilities. Where there's a distinguishing factor that's really good for as MSS providers is what the Palo Alto Networks platform spits off, for lack of a better term, is way, way different and superior than just reading blogs off of firewalls. When they're working with Palo Alto Networks' platform they have a capability and ability to do something of high value for customers as opposed to low value, just reading logs. Another aspect to that we think is interesting is to take AutoFocus as a tool, and have those MSS providers use AutoFocus and provide even more valuable intelligence to their customers as a result of that sale. We think there's some interest there, and as you noted, we are working with some of the providers there to be forward leaning like Trustwave.
Mark McLaughlin: The partnership is going very well. So just for background for everybody, quickly what we did with Tanium was back in September, we did work for quite some time with them, and then in September we bought out the connection between the Tanium capabilities and WildFire. That's important, because indicators of compromise that WildFire is finding can be automatically sent to Tanium, and it can look for it in a highly automated way as well, as opposed to have to figure out what to look for. Similarly, we're taking things off of the end point that Tanium sees, back into WildFire, for processing as well. It's a very symbiotic relationship. The feedback we've heard, so it's a technology relationship, let me start with that, it's a not a SKU, right? But the feedback we've heard from our field, from their field and customers is that makes a lot of sense, particularly when you're thinking about end points and are saying, I'd like to prevent things. I want to detect things, I couldn't prevent them. I want to isolate them, and I want to remediate them in a highly automated way, if I was unable to prevent them. That technical combination is pretty powerful.
Mark McLaughlin: Sterling, its Mark. A few things that came out of, I'll call it hopefully the seamless growth of the business through rapid growth phases, and we're always paying attention to that, clearly it's on the go-to-market distribution side. So Mark Anderson continues to do a fantastic job of managing a large and growing sales force through splitting territories rapidly. He formed a new theatre [ph] for service providers as well, so we've got a lot of focus on that. We continue to work very well with our large distributor partners and reseller partners. I think we mentioned on the last call that we had over 500 of them in attendance for sales kick-off, treating them just like our own sales team from a training perspective. And those relationships continue to grow very nicely over time.
Mark McLaughlin: I think most importantly what you would do with the endpoint if you could, is you'd prevent an attack. That is by far the highest value order bid, and the things that we're solving for constantly, and that's what we're doing with Traps. That's why we bought Cyvera in the first place. That's why we did the integration to WildFire, and that's why we're making a lot of leaps and strides on our capabilities, along those lines. There are downstream things from that, that if you couldn't prevent, you would like to be able to do, like things I mentioned. But we're very, very focused on prevention, and think we've got all the tools to do that.
Mark McLaughlin: Okay. Deal velocity's good. We said for actually quite some time that the -- from a start to finish on average things take about 90 days, some of those much longer, we get some big organizations, government organizations, and some can be shorter. About 90 days. That really hasn't changed for us. From a signoff perspective, the only thing we've seen signoff wise, which is a good thing, that slows deals down occasionally, is deals are getting bigger. The bigger they get, the higher they go in the organization, in order to get signoff. And we're fine with that, because we definitely don't mind having visibility, this gets to the CFO, CEO level sometimes in some of these companies because we want to be the strategic security provider for these companies.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure. What we have said around the ASPs is they tend to be in the mid-five figure range. They continue to be there. They continue to increase over time. So that's been a pretty consistent trend for us, year-over-year. The reason we don't put a lot of focus into ASP from a reporting perspective is we're way more interested in lifetime value of customers, and that's because usually we're coming in, we're taking somebody out of the equation from a displacement perspective, and a customer's going to give us a shot to do something. The first shot in that may be a relatively minor shot, but over time we continue to grow and grow and grow into the account, and that's why the ASPs would be not as indicative of the health of the business, I don't think, as lifetime value. Although like I said, ASPs continually increase year-over-year.
Mark McLaughlin: Paul, its Mark. I'd say from a difference perspective it's basically doing what we've been doing for 10 years, which is the difference between legacy technology and the next generation. And we pioneered that, and we're the only ones who are doing that, not using stateful inspection technology. From a throughput perspective, what we've seen with the 7000 series, like I said, is an increasing demand from customers as they go to next generation data centers, application usage increases from a throughput perspective, is they want that next generation security. They want it at very high speeds as well, which is fantastic, and an opportunity for us. But at the end of the day, what we've been doing is the same thing we've been doing for a decade now. That's clearly working in the market. We haven't seen any resurgence of anybody, frankly, in the market. And you can see that from our results compared to everybody else's.
Mark McLaughlin: Thanks, operator, and thanks everybody for joining us this afternoon. We're really excited about the future, and I'd like to thank our customers, partners and the entire Palo Alto Networks team for their hard work and support in Q1. We're looking forward to seeing many of you in December, and we hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving. Thank you.
Steffan Tomlinson: Yes, linearity was basically consistent with prior fiscal Q1s. It was maybe modestly a little bit more back-end loaded, mainly because August is a slow month. We also have our sales kickoff meeting that happens, and we're coming off what was a phenomenal Q4, and we want to get everything set up. September and October were very strong, and we had a very nice conclusion to the quarter.
Steffan Tomlinson: What we're seeing is the resonance of our platform really taking hold. We're seeing increasing subscription attach rates. Over time, we are seeing high renewal rates for both support and subscriptions. And the fact that we are truly a platform play, plays to our strength, and that's playing out in the deferred revenue line. As you mentioned, total deferred revenue grew 71% year-over-year. That was one of the highest growth rates that we've had in about eight or nine quarters. So it's a further affirmation of the business model, and the power of the platform.
Steffan Tomlinson: Well, the 38% is a non-GAAP effective tax rate, if you look at the actual GAAP tax rate or cash tax rate, it's in the low single digits, or it's even negative. The non-GAAP tax rate is a place holder that we've put out there for modeling purposes. We do believe that non-GAAP tax rate will come down over time, most likely to the high 20s or low 30s. And I'll just leave it at that.
Steffan Tomlinson: Hey, Michael. Attach rates are good and increasing. We talked about that at the end of the fourth quarter. I think we said the attach rates at that point across the board were 2.2, and that attach rates, we would expect those to go up. Again, we'll give more detail about that later in the year, but they continue to rise.
Steffan Tomlinson: We feel good about the 75% to 78% gross margin range for the rest of this fiscal year. It's something that we've - that line item in our target model was actually up, increased at our last analyst day, reflecting, again, the power of the model, with our subscriptions business being close to, call it software type gross margins. That provides a good backstop to that range of 75% to 78%. So for the rest of the fiscal year we feel good about that. And then, at some point, we will update our target model, and we'll look at all the line items in that model, including gross margin.
Steffan Tomlinson: What we're thinking about right now is giving visibility in terms of number of customers, and we plan on doing that on a semi-annual basis. When the endpoint business gets very large, we'll consider breaking it out. But right now it's part of the overall platform, which is why at least in the, call it, near to medium term, we'll continue to give color commentary on it, but not break it out specifically in terms of revenue.
Steffan Tomlinson: It's a mix of both products and subscription and support. And by definition, if you have a one-year subscription and maintenance contract, that goes into short-term. If it's a multiyear, it goes into long-term. But if you look at the demand that we're seeing across the board, I would tell you that the vast majority of all of our deferred is subscriptions and support, and there's very little, because we are a book and ship business.
Steffan Tomlinson: We constantly look at different models for guidance, but given our business and the growth rates, we feel comfortable giving one quarter out. We always leave the door open for looking at alternative models, but this approach has served us well, and we feel like it's a good indicator of what the environment looks like. The other thing I'll tell you is, we also give modeling points on our earnings calls, which gives some more color commentary around the overall health and growth of the business. So we try to give a little bit of a hybrid approach, when it comes to guidance.
Steffan Tomlinson: The factors that will contribute it to narrow over time is, we will become a cash taxpayer over, call it over time, and right now, we have very limited cash taxes that we're paying. So that's probably the primary thing. What we've given as a guidepost is, we've talked about our target operating model of 22% to 25%, which again, we believe that we'll get to exit in Q4 of fiscal '16. What we've said is, we think that our free cash flow margin should track 5 to 8 points above the top end of that range. That is a guidepost, and we'll continue to refresh that over time. I'll also tell you that, in this quarter, we had exceptional free cash flow margins at north of 42%. Part of that over performance was driven in part by a really exceptionally strong quarter in Q4, where we had billings and revenue growth that were at al -time highs. And we got the benefit of that cash collection in Q1. So that's one of the reasons why the spread widened in Q1, because of the strong sequential benefit that we got from Q4 billings.
