Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Phil thanks for joining our call. As a general matter what we are seeing from a pricing perspective is our ability to maintain premium pricings due to the premium nature of our offering, we have seen a lot of pricing competition in the market as we continue to gain share from other folks but it hasn’t apparently affected our ability to hold the line in that. And I think you can see that across the line in the margins side, so with nice increase in margins and discounting for us has been very disciplined and consistent over time. So that’s generally what we are seeing in markets today.
Mark McLaughlin: The feedback has been really strong. So what we have seen in the early previous of this about six months ago was extremely high level of interest from folks across the board when we talk about it and be able to show them by the POCs. We are in the market this quarter with the solutions that we actually we sold things in this quarter including very nice large deal with one of the largest brands in the world who was one of the first customers for the joint solution which was fantastic. From the VMware perspective my understanding is that within the next 45 days this solution will be on their price list as the SKU as well. So the entire VM sales forces will have the ability to bring this to market as well. So we feel this is very positive momentum for this – for the technologies specifically. And then just as a general matter advanced security in the data center space and it’s great to be working with the leader there VMware.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, as a general matter Ted, from an ASP perspective, which we look at it from an initial sale, those have been going up every quarter very consistently on a modest basis. So we spend a lot more time and attention on with the life-time value the customer looks like, because from a buying kind of perspective, customers tend to – they tend to test us, they tend to find a place in the network. Their first purchase is to put us in a network somewhere and see that it actually works, and then the repeat purchases are come faster and consistently higher. But just as a general matter, ASPs continue to uptick every quarter, which is nice.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, thanks, Keith. Yes, it’s all the above. I think what we’re seeing here is, just as a really big picture is from a security perspective, it’s very apparent that I think security spending is growing, that enterprises around the world are recognizing that cyber securities are very lasting, an important and probably permanent line item from a spend perspective. They’re seeking out the best possible solutions for that from the most advanced technology providers. And I think that’s what our reputation in the market is perceived at today and growing very quickly. So when you think about – you think about that, you think about the size of the addressable market in order to have the right technology at the right time and history to take care of all these problems for enterprises, it’s really driving some fantastic growth and we had a very nice year. We had a fantastic quarter and as Steffan said, we’ve got a very nice pipeline going into Q1 as well, but I think we’ve got a lot of momentum here.
Mark McLaughlin: Keith, one other point I would make as well as I think you have written about this couple of times, but it is – when you look at our installed base of the repeat purchasing patterns, our installed base, what repeat repurchase has come at a lower cost of sale for us. So, the power of that installed base and that LTV numbers we are looking at every quarter will also drive reduced cost of sale over time.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure. It’s a great question, Walter. I think what we have seen consistently and is really picking up is Palo Alto Networks is becoming I think the more recognized leader here from the most advanced security is that everybody started somewhere right, everybody has got a legacy vendor in a lot of cases, those are Checkpoint. So, in almost every situation, we come into as we have said we are displacing it. So, we are coming into the network. We often co-exist for a while in the network with whoever the legacy vendor and then over time we gradually displaced them and that’s what you are saying through all the TV analysis and the customer acquisition. So, it’s not surprising to be in a network for somebody else, but I think it’s a very clear trend that we are taking people out of the network every quarter more and more.
Mark McLaughlin: Now, on the APAC basis is a great market for us and we think a fantastic growth opportunity. It’s the last of the markets that we entered from an entrance perspective a number of years ago. So, as far as coming up the curve on getting distribution capability straight on the street, it’s the least mature of our theatres. And in the quarter, on the 7% growth, you have to look back to last fourth quarter had a really great Q4 last year. So, the compare was pretty tough there, but we really like that market.
Mark McLaughlin: It’s been, but we have two we have well just for NSX we have two models there. One is perpetual license and the other is per use license. So we have given the customers the option to go either for server or for both – I am sorry for term or for perpetual and then we will see what happens as they plays out. Some of that will come down to whether they are more interested in CapEx models or OpEx models but both and time will tell which of those will be might be more popular.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, that’s part of it, Brent. So, we have focused in the past and we mentioned to you guys about distribution being very important from a capacity perspective. When you think about the size of the company right now we are actually pretty large player and growing at excessive rates relative to any of the competition. And what that’s resulted in I think is from a distribution and partners perspective is folks that may have had a concern about maybe they are going to wrap Palo Alto Networks because they are going set one of their existing vendors. They just have to get pass that we are just too big to not be on everybody’s line card at this point and that’s what we are seeing. And the announcement with Westcon we announced recently is a perfect example of that. It increased our capabilities with them over 40 countries, a lot of those are in Europe. They have been a great partner in the U.S. already, so this is expansion outside of our core market with one of the best in the world. So that’s a perfect example of what is happening with distribution which is the recognition and desire to want to work Palo Alto as and live with Palo Alto because that’s what the customers clearly want.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. The fed market has always been a good one for us. It’s a good vertical I think if you think about what those folks need and what we provide from a solution perspective, it’s match made and haven’t and from a customer perspective they buy at good rates from us. No vertical is more than 12% of our business. So we are not really dependent on any single vertical, but we have experienced good growth in the fed space and we would expect with their year end being in our first quarter, we would see a nice quarter with this federal space as well. I think if you look historically call two years ago, a year ago I think it seems to be set settling out. There was all kinds of things from budgets and sequestration all those sorts of things it has substantially subsided in that market over the last year which is a benefit not only to everybody but us as well.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. I think Jonathan on the spending environment side what I have witnessed over the last couple of years is that security as a line item in the IT budget I think has increased just as a budget line item. And I think there is a growing realization that with that increase is going to stay there, right over time because security is very real, it’s very lasting, it’s global in nature and everybody has to deal with that. And I think that’s in that positive for everybody. From a vertical perspective as a general matter you usually see some verticals out of ahead of other ones on being a cut of edge of technology. I think we’re beyond that at this point for cyber security as a general matter meaning we’re seeing Middle America at least these are from our own results. Middle America, very large companies in the Fortune 500 that they’re never the first to go to newer platforms are quickly adopting Palo Alto Networks as a platform of choice. I think that’s an example of what you’re going to see across the board where the recognition of cyber security is very important and you have to spend on it, this is going to be persistent over time.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, the thing that I think the customers are desiring and we hopefully will be delivering for them is that the end points are the Wild West cyber security wise right now. So I think we’ve done a nice job on the network and with our cloud-based services from a detection and prevention perspective, but unless you have better protection of the endpoint that’s very porous and a lot of that stuff gets in there. Almost everything in the market today there is really focused on just detecting bad things and then you’re going to sort of all of the forensics remediation mode. And what’s Cyvera has and where we have now in bringing to market is something that it’s actually preventative in nature is true real-time exploit prevention, and that’s a extremely disruptive technology and concept, I think is disruptive is what we did with firewalls in next generation firewall space is what we’re bringing to market with the – in the endpoint space with this TRAPS technology. So you have this real-time exploit prevention and then we integrated it and this is what we are bringing to market at the end of September into WildFire. So now you have all the fantastic benefits of WildFire from a malware detection prevention capability, and all those thousands of customers that are on WildFire right now and growing, it leaps and bounce every quarter. And we’ve connected that, we’ve connected the power of what’s happening on the network. And now we have the same advanced disruptive capabilities on the end point. And that’s where customers are reacting to very positively in our POCs with them and the early looks that we’ve given them, so it’s very positive feedback, which is great.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, good question, Raimo. So traditionally, network and security, our network and endpoint are different buyers and that is the case today, and I expect that to continue to for some time, although I think when you get to CIO, CSO, CTO level, more and more they’re talking about securing the enterprise, and not drawing a technology distinction between those two things. They’re just saying hey we need to protect the enterprise, right. So when we come in with a solution that says here’s the network cloud-based services and the endpoint, they are all highly integrated and highly automated, they have worked well together, that resonates extremely well at the C level. However, there are still different buying centers and even though that may change over time, we want to be cognizant of that. And what we’re doing from a sales force perspective is building an overlay team for our endpoints that our specialist and they know how to sell to that buying center. So all of our sales people will be able to tell the story about the strategic solution and from a customer perspective of interest about endpoints, we have people coming in primarily on the SE side plus some sales expertise. They know how to talk to that buyer. So that will be a joint call to go get that close for hopefully the entire solutions that we sell.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, we’re seeing a couple of things here Raimo. The first is that our very large and quickly growing installed base when we – what we’re selling is a platform play. So this is a strategic solution that can take care of all your cyber security needs across your entire enterprise and WildFire is a very important part of that. So if you’re an existing Palo Alto Networks’ customer and you see the technology as highly integrated and automated into this platform, that is a good sale like you want that technology and we’re seeing that from the installed base. The other thing we’re seeing which is fantastic and you saw by a wide margin this very high customer acquisition in the quarter is that’s a fantastic selling point for us for new customers. So if the top of mind issue for a prospect is Advanced Persistent Threats, we’re able to come in and do with a WildFire and say this is the markets only detection and prevention capability, I’ve got thousands of customers using it to prove it to you from a reference perspective, and when they take a look at WildFire as the entry point, they are often extremely interested in that and that’s what they want to buy and in the process of that they’re often taking more of the platform. So, we are – it’s not that we’re indifferent about how we get into account, but we can serve any use case and this is a very compelling use case for folks in the top of mind issue, so it also works on the prospecting side for new customer acquisition.
Mark McLaughlin: Andrew, it’s Mark. Yes, I don’t see anything on the market front that’s changing the game at all except us. We continue to innovate, I think every year we’ve brought out a number of really nice product innovations, new product lines like PA-7050, WildFire enhancements, what we are doing with VMWare, the TRAPS, I think we are pretty far ahead technically and I haven’t seen the competitors do anything other than revise the traditional legacy technology they have and that to me doesn’t appear to be working in the customer base as you can kind of see from customer acquisition and our growth rates.
Mark McLaughlin: Hey, Jeff, it’s Mark. It’s across the customer base we are seeing ever increasing strength there. So when I look at customers we’ve sold into from an installed base perspective, it’s a very high percentage of those Fortune 100 and Global 2000 customers we mentioned earlier. When we look at new customer acquisition, some of the largest brands in the world are buying WildFire right out of the gate; we’re closing lots of six-figure deals there, even bigger than that. So I think that’s a myth.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. So, it’s still early form a PA-7050 perceptive in a service provider market in a sense of those folks buying it for other purposes than for their own networks, right? So as large enterprises, they could go different than other folks about wanting the most advanced security and high-throughput environment. So they’re good customers for that technology. So from a sell-through perspective, we have been able to – now that we have the offering to sit down and start working our roadmaps with them about new opportunities to work with them to sell-through where they are using that technology in order to provide services say to SMBs and that’s a good opportunity for us in the future, but that’s in the roadmap planning phases.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Gur, I think it’s exactly like that, right. I mean, what we are seeing from a customer perspective is folks very willing to take a look at a complementary technology that they have with an idea that perhaps it could be displacement down the road, but our initial selling motion is very much like you did in the early days in the Firewall, which is we have something disruptive, we have something better, you don’t have to. It’s not a binary decision. You don’t have to take somebody out for us to come in. And we like that approach, because when we get in and solve a really hard problem for the customer, we have a much better chance over time of growing inside there and displacing the legacy provider, but we don’t try to make the sale harder and it is by saying this is a binary thing.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. So, from our total paid customers right now, is over 3,000 we said from a total base, which includes the free customers, usually runs about 1,000 ahead of that or so. We have been – and you can kind of talk to those numbers we have been focused very much from a conversion perspective of taking free to paid and installing those to all new customers. So, I would say this is we will continue to have the free offering, because there is really no downside to that for us to get somebody to test the technology and then convert to paid. So, we will continue to have that free offering, but I think you can tell from the momentum here we are much more focused on the paid customers.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. And I would say as well Matthew, we mentioned this back at the Analyst Day when you start to think about the power of the installed base and you look at the momentum around the LTV metrics, we anticipate there are multiple billions of dollars in the installed base right now without adding another customer that over time we can unlock.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Sales cycles tend to be fairly consistent for us, which some are really short, some are really long right and we have said over the past that they generally average out about 90 days. And that really hasn’t changed for us. And I don’t anticipate the change either, because sometimes you have a customer who is in dire need of something right away and then a lot of our customers that we bring down, we might have worked with for two years over the course of the many tests and projects and then they make out a large purchase, but generally 90 days is about the average.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, I had never felt better about our position in the market Mike particularly with the addition of TRAPS to bring the end point. And with that we often show customers a try and go sort of picture of the network cloud based services and the end point I don’t anticipate that becoming a rectangle. I think that we have all the coverage we need from an enterprise security perspective. With that said, we look at the product roadmap, it’s very aggressive if we saw things that could accelerate us on that we would be interested buyers in those sorts of things. But from addressable market opportunity it’s massive right like $19 billion, $20 billion and single-digit percentage we don’t have to buy market share, we don’t have to buy customers, we don’t have to buy distribution capabilities. We are in a very good spot.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. There is couple of ways on that Catharine. One I mean right now what’s happening in a lot of situations is there are service providers who run things on an outsourced network basis. So I mean the simplest form of that is managed service offering where like a large telco for example is running a network on behalf of another company. Sometimes not even small companies, sometimes pretty large companies and we do very well there. So all those large systems integrators and service providers are very familiar with our technology and there is a lot of cases where they are running that technology on behalf of the customer. Usually they are running probably the entire network of their customer on behalf of their customer and we are the security solution in there.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Jim this is Mark. We said in the past with the litigation that was really we hadn’t seen in the market that people were not going to buy from Palo Alto Networks as a result of that litigation. And I think our numbers historically have shown that compared to the customer acquisition, LTV, revenue growth I think everything supports that statement. And then when you look today really no evidence that we are wrong about that. So I don’t think that really had any impact at all.
Mark McLaughlin: Great, thanks. Thanks for being on the call this afternoon everybody. We had a really great quarter and a great year and we are energized by the opportunity as we move into our fiscal 2015 and beyond. I wanted to take one more opportunity to thank the Palo Alto Network’s team for all their hard work and the support of our customers and partners as we continue our march to become the global leader enterprise security. Thanks for your time.
Steffan Tomlinson: The other thing Phil is when you look at our increasing attach rate for subscriptions the overall total gross margins are benefiting from the tailwind that we are getting from increased subscription attach rates. So the fact that WildFire increased sequentially and we have very high attach rates for threat and URL filtering. Those are all benefits for gross margin.
Steffan Tomlinson: First, our guidance methodology is to always to give one quarter out guidance and exiting Q4, we look at a number of things, including pipeline and pipeline is very strong heading into Q1. When you look at year-over-year growth rate in Q1, we are looking at 31% to 40% year-over-year growth, which is much higher than a lot of the models that were out there. Additionally, you think about seasonality in our business and we feel like fiscal Q2 and fiscal Q4 will be the stronger quarters for us from a seasonal standpoint. And most companies of our size actually see sequential declines in revenue from Q4 to Q1. So, with that as the backdrop, we feel good about the quarter, the pipeline is good and we have a lot of momentum and visibility heading into fiscal Q1.
Steffan Tomlinson: Well, margin expansion is going to come primarily from sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue. When you compare where we are today versus what our target is, we are at 51.9% ending in Q4 and our target exiting Q4 FY 2016 is to be 33% to 36%, and how we bridge, where we are today to where we will be in the future, it comes out of having more productive sales folks that are in the mix and given the great performance in Q4 and we’ll have more ramped sales people than ramping, exiting Q4 FY 2015 and Q4 FY 2016, that will be very helpful. From a partner standpoint, we have Westcon in the mix that will help with global distribution and we will look to get more leverage out of our partner infrastructure. The other part of the equation is going to be contribution from other partners, such as VMware and other partnerships like that that will strike. And when you think about a sales person and what they can contribute to the company, it’s all about adding more tools to the tool bag. And with these partnerships in the global distribution capacity and the great sales and marketing leadership that we have in the company, we feel comfortable that we can get the leverage out of that line. Every other line in our operating margin structure is at or near our target model. So, we will have a very strong focus on sales and marketing leverage over these next eight quarters and we feel like we are setup to do it. The final point I will make is we always take an eye towards balancing growth with profitability. And the fact that we are able to reaccelerate top line growth at these levels and you look at the billings performance, we are able to take down lot of business on the street in a profitable manner and we will continue to look to take share. And we have 5% market share, 5% to 7% market share in a $20 billion market. There is a lot of wood left to chop.
Steffan Tomlinson: Yes, Rob. Yes, I don’t think I need to do the Juniper thing, I think that what’s happening and we saw it consistently every quarter. So, our customer count grew every quarter very nicely and by a wide margin in the fourth quarter. So, it was fantastic. I think what we are just seeing is the recognition of Palo Alto Networks, particularly on a global basis as not only the technology leader here, but also with the company the ability to execute against that. So, when you think about our – everything else is going on in the company outside of technology from all the work that Mark and his team have done from a very mature repeatable sales process, all the discipline we are bringing the channels organization, the fact that we have made the distributors who are now agreeing to distribute us on a global basis. We just can’t ignore it anymore from that perspective. We have I think the highest customer satisfaction scores in the industry. All those things are very important. And from your reputation perspective, customers talk to each other and what they are hearing is that Palo Alto actually solves very hard problems, the installations get done, the deployments work, the technology works and that the customers continued to buy more and more from us and that’s a self fulfilling thing for us which we discontinue to grow off of our really, really high customer satisfaction. We have rapidly positive fans, which is our customers which is great to have that kind of fan base and they do a lot of selling for us.
Steffan Tomlinson: Sure. Andrew, we’ve been pretty clear with the street around every time we introduce a new product, it’ll take several quarters to get up to scale in terms of volume and as volume scale, COGS come down, gross margins go up. With the PA-7050, we’ve been shipping it for about a quarter and half, so we still aren’t yet – we still are not yet at scale for the PA-7050. So while it’s great for – from a top line revenue standpoint, it’s not at scale yet from a gross margin standpoint. So over time, we should be getting more gross margin benefit out of the PA-7050, that’s probably the biggest driver. So when we refer to product mix, we had more PA-7050’s sold and that’s great for top line revenue, it had a slightly depressive impact on gross margins, but we’re talking about 60-basis point sequentially, year-over-year we’re up. So we feel very good about the discipline around gross margin management and COGS reduction efforts.
Steffan Tomlinson: Yes, with over 19,000 end customers and we have been adding over 1,000 customers now for well over 10 quarters, it’s been a dynamic where once we land into a customer, it’s all about the expansion value. And Mark had mentioned earlier on around the lifetime value metric, we feel like we are, call it, less than 1% penetrated across the entire installed base of customers as we continue to sell more appliances, subscriptions and maintenance. That opportunity will only grow over time. The other thing is with Cyvera coming into the mix, we will have 19,000 customers in our installed base to go after in order to cross-sell and up-sell the opportunity there. So, we feel like we are in the very early innings of a nine-inning game around customer expansion opportunity.
