Mark D. McLaughlin: It's Mark. We think things are looking better across the board in this quarter. You can see that from other companies' reported and ourselves. And I think particularly last quarter, folks were a little worried about what the growth rate of the security market was. And I think it shows this quarter sort of remains very healthy. And I think that's going to continue to grow over time, as far as I can tell. The attention that you've seen in the cybersecurity has been with us a long time. It's with us now, whatever happened in the last quarter, it applies -- it appears to have -- we've moved beyond it, at least in this quarter.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes. So last quarter, people had asked about the changes in the sales leadership. And as I mentioned last quarter, when Mark Anderson joined us, he's been here more than a year now, he has gone through in the sales leadership ranks. He's made a number of changes to get folks who have the experience to scale very rapidly to $1 billion and beyond. He's got a pretty big appetite for that. We want people to know how to do that. So over the course of the last 6 or 9 months, he's made a number of changes in the leadership team there, which we think have gone very well. All those folks who are on board seem to be gelling very nicely. The team is executing really well. And I think you could see some of that in the -- is coming through in the fourth quarter results.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Jason, yes, that's going very well for us. We put a big, big focus on major and global accounts about 18 months ago. I did, and when bringing Mark on board, he adopted that immediately. He knows how to do that from his previous life. And he has done a great job in recruiting for those teams. So we're seeing bigger and bigger deals. We're getting in front of more deals on a global basis. So that's working really well. And particularly, with a really targeted approach into G2000 where the penetration is going up really nicely for us, winning new logos plus, importantly, selling into the accounts we already have. We'll continue to push on that in fiscal '14 and beyond, as -- there's a lot of money in those accounts and around the world. We want to make sure that we're getting more than our fair share.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Greg, it's Mark. So yes, subscription is doing very nicely for us. And that's the reason we wanted to put a little more highlight on that about -- at the end of the year and give kind of a year-over-year view on that. As you can see that it is really powering the business. And we really love that recurring revenue because it goes into the deferred, it gets more visibility into the business. So there's lots of things to like, and it's growing at a very outsized rates. So very happy with the performance of that. We'd expect that to continue over time as well. From a compensation perspective, our sales folks are comped on selling products. You've got to remember that you can't fill a subscription until you get a product in the account, right? So they are primarily comped on putting products into the account, expanding the footprint of products. And in addition to that, they get compensated for services. And the amount of that depends on the term of the contract for which it's sold.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Walter, we're doing really, really well in the data center space, which is great. When we came out with the 5000 series, the adoption rate on that for data center usage was very strong. And you see now -- if you don't know that the 50, 60 runs at 20 gigs right now with full-on, next-gen capabilities. So folks have adopted it very rapidly there. So if we kind of go look back historically, the data center space for us is around the 30-ish percents right now and growing nicely, and we expect that to tick up even more seeing when we came out with the 100-gig chassis, which customers have been saying, "We love everything about this technology and if you can make it faster, we'll love it even more." So we're going to do that. Also, that's an entry point for us into the service provider space. As you know, those guys demand very high throughput devices as well. And we've been working with a lot of those service providers to secure their networks. And now they'd like to work with us with this new appliance to help them secure other people's networks as well because of the throughput capabilities.
Mark D. McLaughlin: We're good on that, Michael. We're better than industry average on attrition. And we manage some folks out over time as folks do, but really, we're doing really well on the market. The winners want to be with the winners, so it's not a hard place to stay.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Phil, it's Mark. We've maintained for quite some time that we have something really different and unique in the market relative to the legacy competitors. And as a result of that, we've been able to charge a premium price for a long time and that was the same in the last quarter. You can see some of that reflected in our product gross margins, which were up. Discounting is stable. So we were able to power through the competition's reduction of prices in order to make up for shortfalls in technology and expect that's going to continue.
Mark D. McLaughlin: So on the competition front, it's been very competitive for a really long time for us. I can't remember where it hasn't been. So none of that's changed. As we've said in the past, we think that their customers buy primarily for security. They wanted it to [ph] make sense from an enterprise perspective. And then they want to create value. So we nailed all 3 of those value propositions for the customer. And as a result of that, we continue to sell very nice even in the face of the competition, pricing their stuff aggressively, which -- but they've been doing that for a long time now. So it doesn't seem to make much difference. On the APT front, lots of attention, as you know on that. When we think about that, we think about detection and prevention. So the APT angle is in the detection space. Our offering is detection and prevention, which is unique. And the amount of attention that goes into the detection space helps us in -- we are the only folks out there who can do detection and prevention. I think from a differentiation standpoint, the things to watch for are cloud offerings. Can you analyze all files, can you analyze everything application wide instead of just e-mail and web? Can you do that at a very fast speed to make enterprise class performance? And are you going to be able to share, for lack of a better term, what you're seeing in your environment with other folks, that they're seeing in their environments, so you can get the benefit of network effect out there. That's how we base our WildFire offering. We think that's why we're doing so well.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Jonathan, well, it's kind of a both category thing, which is we've added over 4,800 customers last year. We would anticipate the ability to continue to add customers at a very rapid clip. So in customer acquisition, obviously, we'd be investing from a sales and marketing perspective. And then also in servicing those customers as well, we're making continued investments into the services organization to do that. Running -- we're running a world-class services organization here today, and we intend to keep in front of that because we know that you don't have -- customers don't purchase things. As you can see from our expansion in LTV [ph] and wallet share, customers appear to be very happy and buying a lot. And we want to keep them that way, so we keep making investments there. It probably goes unsaid, but I'll say it anywhere. You have the rest of the company out there, right, supporting the point of the spear. We have to continue to invest in this company to maintain this very rapid growth performance services for our customers, internal customers, external customers in a world-class manner, so we'll be doing that as well.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes. That's a fair question, Gray. So I think it's unclear right now still where the addressable market is coming from, from a wallet perspective for the things that are going on in the detection space around APT. I've heard a lot of folks think that, that might be IPS budget, maybe it's a new budget. For us, we've been winning in the IPS market with our threat prevention for a very long time, so we know how to do that. If that budget is shifting into the APT market, it's good for us. We continue to take the IPS budget, and we'll take that budget as well. If it's new budget, then it's additive. So -- but the win rates are very high and we like the fact that the addressable market is big, even though it may not be exactly clear yet where that might come from.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Aaron, it's actually both. So we're doing nicely in both. A lots of new customers are buying the service when they're buying the products for the first time. And then with that large of an installed base, the folks who are using the free services are fantastic place to go mine and upsell them to the paid for service. So we like the results in both categories.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Gregg, on the linearity basis, we saw a back end-loaded quarter as we would expect, particularly at the end of the year. As we're getting bigger, we see more and more of that going to the back end of the quarter, but not in line with what you'd expect across the industry.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Tal, it's Mark. A couple of things, I guess. The first is, last quarter we did mention a number of deals that had slipped to the right of -- we closed the majority of those already, which is great. On the macro side, we discussed that in EMEA last quarter, both of those did really well for us in the fourth quarter, so that's great as well. I think the rest of the industry has done pretty decently, so that maybe the concern about macro and security growth slowing down seems to be an aberration. So I put a lot of perspective and say, we grew very, very nicely, 8% sequentially, 55% for the year. We think we're going to maintain some very respectable growth as we look forward, and doing a hell lot better than all the rest of the competition. So we're pretty confident that we've got a really good baseline here for growth.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Sales cycles have been being fairly steady for us for quite some time because we're always proposing our technology as a firewall. And more and more and more -- much more than majority of the time, it's being adopted as the firewall. So there can be some very long sales cycles and some really big deals. And then there can be really short ones, where we are literally selling a lot over the phone here. When we look at that on the aggregate, we said in the past sales cycles is up 90 days or so, and that seems to be the case as we go forward.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Thanks, operator. Thanks, everybody, for being on the call today. I want to reiterate my appreciation for all of the hard work of the Palo Alto Networks team, support of our customers and partners as we continue to revolutionize the cybersecurity market. Thanks for all our shareholders as well. Thank you.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Sure. Just as a reminder on WildFire -- when we come to market with WildFire, there's really 3 ways to buy that service. And it's the only detection and prevention service out there. The first and foremost is the cloud offering, which has the most impact because it's got the network effect of all customers seeing from our network perspective what other customers have seen. There was a number of customers who came to us, depending on the verticals and said, "We really liked the WildFire technology, but because of our industry, we have some concerns about sharing those samples into the cloud. So we don't think we can do that." So because of that, we developed the WildFire 500 appliance, which allows for the creation of a private network for those folks -- they could also buy and use it as a standalone appliance, although that's not what we're attempting to get folks to do because those appliances tend to be very expensive -- so that you can get more benefit from going into the private or the public cloud approaches, bang for your buck. So with that kind of background in mind, the WildFire 500 is designed for that private cloud number. But the private cloud folks who are in the verticals have really wanted that capability. And in the quarter we met our expectations and naturally we expect that to be nice for us in the future to serve that part of the market.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: With the government year end coinciding with our fiscal Q1, we're anticipating to see decent growth in the federal business. And we should participate in the year-end budget flush if there is one.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: For headcount, we ended the year at 1,147. And that was an increase from the prior quarter, over 113 heads. And as far as operating margin guidance is concerned, we remain steady towards -- steady progress towards our target model on a non-GAAP basis of 22% to 25%, exiting Q4 FY '16. We had also provided some prepared comments around operating margin expansion within fiscal year '14. And we anticipate exiting Q4 in the double-digit -- low double-digit operating margin. I'll also just take a moment to note that free cash flow is becoming a more meaningful metric to our business as the profile of our billings has been morphing more positively into a hybrid SaaS model. And you can note that free cash flow margin this last quarter was very robust, exceeding 30%.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: One additional follow-on point, Jonathan, is relative to scaling the business, we are looking to get operating leverage out of sales and marketing over time. When you look at FY '14, this will be the first year where a percentage of ramped versus ramping heads eclipses one another. So the percentage of ramped heads are higher than the ramping heads in FY '14. And so we should be starting to get more leverage in the business in sales and marketing.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Every quarter, there's going to be fluctuations between the short-term deferred and long term deferred revenue growth. If you look at long-term deferred revenue growth on an annual basis, it grew north of 90% year-over-year. So we're very happy with that. The length of the services contracts has been increasing over time, but there will be some fluctuation.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: And from a CapEx standpoint, we did guide $45 million to $50 million in annual CapEx. We're assuming roughly, call it $5 million to $7 million per quarter in typical CapEx. And then we have a couple of discrete projects that we're working on. The biggest one is the move to our new facility. And from a timing standpoint in putting a finer point on it, in the first half of the fiscal year, we'll be spending the majority of the $45 million to $50 million as we conclude the move to the new facility. So hopefully that gives you a little bit more insight.
