Mark McLaughlin: Congratulations again Kathy and I look forward to taking the reins from Steffan this coming Wednesday. And before I conclude, I want to thank our customers and partners for their support and our team for their dedication to our mission which is to protect our way of life in the digital age. And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Steffan.
Mark McLaughlin: Thanks Steffan. Before we head over to questions I want to take the opportunity to thank you again for all your contributions to Palo Alto Networks. You've been an inspiring leader, you've got a great organization and you've been a wonderful friend and a real pleasure to work with you. Thank you very much for that.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure Phil, so we saw a good strong environment every theatre so we really liked the health of the market out there and then with being able to go capitalize with some of the changes we made last year which have really taken us back and I think we’re seeing the dividends from that work we started mid last year we feel good about where we are with that process. We're in the we call the base space before the relationship building phase which seems to be going very well, we'd expect that to keep paying dividends for us as we play out the year.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, it seems that, good question. Yes it seems the same it is a very competitive market. We've seen the competition price aggressively for quite some time and what we've seen us be able to do is continue to sell to the value of the platform. I think customers get that more and more. Our team is trained to do that and we like the results of that and we've been able to continue to improve product discounting continuously, sequentially for example, as we like to see that as well and it does not seem like we have to succumb through all the pricing machinations that are going over at the competition here as the customers really adopt the entire platform.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Pierre, so obviously we don’t guide beyond the year, [Indiscernible] that, but I think this is a general matter. We've seen our business continue to move into the services category over time particularly in subscription services for a few reasons. One is the platform is very powerful and the customers understand how the subscription services provide better security and reduce the complexity of their consumption models. Secondly we continue to introduce new services. We just introduced two in September, the GlobalProtect cloud service and Logging Service and we are happy with the performance already with those. So as we continue to bring new services to market as well we would see the business move in the subscription services direction as well and then on top of that the application framework which will come into market next year as well should also move things in those directions, so that's what we would imaging would occur over a period of time it would keep moving in that direction, but we – for the year we've guided about 65% split if you recall from Analyst Day is revenue as to what will come from the services side of the business.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes Rob, well we're doing well in both cases. You can see like net new customer acquisitions continue to be very strong and obviously we're selling product into a lot of those customers, the vast majority of those as a matter of fact. So we continue to bring in new customer wins and also in the expansion business has been strong for us for a very long time and is powering you know the majority of our business [Indiscernible] by math you know the size of the customer base, the expansion business continues to do well. I feel like we're doing really great in white space opportunities and also convincing our customers to continue to grow their life time value with us.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure, just a couple of observations, rounding out the quarter we are very happy with the product delivery obviously and total revenue delivery and also on the billings side, in the quarter we saw a couple of things going on [Indiscernible] ratio, one was as we continue to improve the product discounting the net would put more into the product revenue buckets so the mixes were a bit higher than we thought we would see in the quarter and also in some of our service provider businesses purchases some of those were a little more CapEx heavy than we had forecasted as well, so that would put some more into the product bucket as well so just really the mix is a little different than we expected coming into the quarter.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, this is Mark, very, very little. VM-Series is primarily almost all of it is heading into the subscription services line that’s how we recognize that and it performed very well by the way but very little that goes in the product.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure. So I think the way to think about that Matt is and the way we certainly think about it is we want to make sure that our customers when they want to consume the platform, that those consumption models are broad and flexible as possible. So we have for a long time we’ve offered those capabilities from an on-prem perspective as people mentioned themselves we’ve had with MSSP partners where it could be managed by third-party and now with GlobalProtect cloud service we’ve given the option of having that totally the cloud experience as well. We've continued to evolve all the offerings based on what the customer needs will be into the future. So if I step back and that if I say okay, what are we doing? We were bringing the full-on network security or the full-on enterprise security platform in that form factor to the market which means we’re going to be able to provide and we are providing the security outcomes we’ve been driving for some time across all applications consistently from endpoint to network and cloud as well and in ways that are just not be like traffic is leaving but also coming into the network and being able to bridge the multiple user. So pretty distinct competitive advantage I think there and also flexibility on a new model that customers' reaction so far has been very positive.
Mark McLaughlin: It’s been really dramatic Saket and positive way that when we are talking with customers and we start off are always with the very high level to say, Palo Alto for the last decade has been fundamentally bringing higher and higher rates of prevention to automation and orchestration and addition to doing that, we’ve also been massively simplifying the consumption model along the way, so that customers can have better security with a much simpler consumption model which drives better ROI, less manpower, all the things that we believe is important for long time and we are completely [indiscernible] now with the models the way they are, they’re really broken have to be fundamentally different. And then to show them the way for the third evolution with the application framework to say imagine a world that looks like this that were you don’t have to give up getting lots of innovation from the security market because security has to be highly innovative but no one company can do that, but here is a way to get even more automation, more orchestration, better prevention rates and do it with the vastly simplified, our consumption model is well they really like that. Now I think what that’s doing for us right, right now is very much showing what the future is going to look like as the thought leader. We have lots of demonstrated capabilities of making those real. We have people writing applications for the Application Framework today and we always got to keep in mind that after that conversation they’re going to buy something this afternoon, it might be a firewall, it might be end point solution, it might be virtual machine and the cloud or something along those lines for a project and what I think we’re hearing them say is you've given us a very significant reason why we want to choose Palo Alto Networks as our operating platform for lack of a better term in all places in our architecture for our security capabilities.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure thanks. Yes, so first let me start with we’re very well diversified across our verticals and which is great and we like to see that. I mean mostly it demonstrates that we are truly a platform because you see that horizontally played out across all verticals and from a Fed perspective at Fed year end we saw good wins there and continue to see increasing signs of spending getting back to normal which would be fantastic. There has been a lot of ups and downs and anxiety in the Fed market due to type of leadership positions being filled or in continuing resolution right now. So any - can return to normalcy as a good thing there. And also the Fed space fits very well within our mission for what we do which is to protect our way of life in the digital age and what the federal government is trying to do they find that to be very in line with their mission, so they like that a lot too which is great. On the service provider side that is a good market for us. It continues to grow nicely. We've continued to put more investment in there from a technology perspective of adding features and function and earlier to that, my comment earlier on the prepared remarks around service provider was that the product mix of the deal sets in the service provider is a bit heavier than we thought in the quarter that contributed some to the product mix in the quarter which of course we like to see.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure. So from a refresh perspective the refresh opportunity as we've said before is large and continues to grow we add this many customers and the cohorts grow over time that's been going well for us. We had to refresh in the quarter, we expect to continue that through the rest of the year. We also mentioned likewise you may remember on Analyst Day that wallet [ph] the case we wouldn’t expect that to be the major driver of product growth in year. We select that to be really the platform itself or new customers or new product introductions and increasing productivity in the sales team that we own, but the refresh is definitely a positive for us and we're doing very well.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, what we said earlier when we had new product launches that we would have some headwinds on product gross margins as we got to kind of the scale also that our providers people who supply us with components can also take those components into a broad base into the market. When we look at the size of the product launch we just did back in February is the biggest one we've done by a long shot, so we don't have actually a perfect analogies on that but probably the closest one is the 5000 Series we did a number of years ago and that's about a year or so before we were able to get those economies of scale we expect that to be the case here.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, this is Mark. Yes, I think that's the case and we believe just as a big picture matter that that's definitely going to be the case in the future we've been very heavily into the end point market as you know. We think it is by matter of necessity and that you think about that second evolution the way we define it is consistency of the network end points that's going to be very important some capabilities from a security perspective or better done on network and some that are better done on end points and increasing the data in the cloud some will be a cloud. So we have to get all of those right and very importantly they all have to work together. We're seeing that the customers want, they want that consistency and I think they also want fewer vendors as a big picture matter as well so being able to have a platform that has consistency that allows to reduce the number of vendors and sprawl in the organization that might be devices in a network, that might be agents on an endpoint is a net positive for them.
Mark McLaughlin: I think we have a number of things that are going on Gregg. We had solid performance from all the theatres, you heard a little while ago across all the customer profiles. We've got our continued productivity improvements as well from the work we started last year. The new products for sure are getting a positive reception in the market and then also with increasingly growing that of offerings so their new services. We have the ability to talk to customers about new opportunities and land new customers with not cash services as well. So we have a whole bunch of stuff going on from as far as ability of the test customers new products definitely are contributing nicely to that.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes and I think one of the things John is well and this is important for our teams that are out there making these sales is the ability to be able to tell a customer to say this second evolution where we define it all is really important have consistency of the security outcomes regardless where the data is and sometime want to be on an endpoint right? So we definitely want that consistency and also be able to say on a head-to-head basis we're the best there right? So you should choose us on a competitive bake off which we know you're going to do and we feel very good about that. And as you think about that bake off in addition to winning head-to-head you also get the consistency aspect that allows you to grow in the future into even more interesting things like the Application Framework over time right? So more reasons why you want to deploy off the networks everywhere that's important as a data collection point and an enforcement putting your architecture sometimes network, sometimes endpoint, sometimes in the cloud.
Mark McLaughlin: Hey Walter its Mark. Our focus has been and continues to be as you know is enterprise security market mostly because we find focus matters is delivering the best solution and have been support them in a high quality manner. So that hasn't changed for us and we look at the customer acquisition and the mix of customers who are very consistent with what it has been for some time. So we haven't seen a change there as well either. Though I think what we are seeing from some use cases and some of the larger customers is the ability to address interesting and new use cases around like a retail environment and plus some of the services just want to be able to do some more campus work, global user work and things along those lines, I would expect that to continue to be.
Mark McLaughlin: That’s a good question Keith. Certainly we're always on the lookout for surgically frankly for new partners, not looking to cast a wide blanket, but really looking to improve the coverage we have around the world. So it is just naturally as we've grown the kind of partners that we couldn't address the large global ones, the large systems integrators seven or eight years ago now we're at the scale where it's hard for them to avoid us frankly. So we've actually worked really hard on that over the last five years and as I think we’ve discussed in each of the Analyst Days, we’re getting more and more attention there. But I’d say nothing really dramatically different than the last Analyst Day other than just very much a focus on looking for large global distribution partners, large global systems integrators, service provider partners and national brands. What we do want is we want a message that’s consistent with what our field team is talking to customers about that this platform or architecture delivery versus disconnected point products.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes Keith, Mark again. In the Fed space like I said we saw some good wins there in the quarter. I would say big picture on Fed it’s been a mixed bag for a number of quarters as there has been some consternation I think in the federal space on some senior leadership positions that still go unfilled. And it is also just the budget we’re still working on the continued resolution right now that don’t think it’s for December timeframe, but the progression of seeing more normal spending and people understanding what their budgets will look like for the following year is very important to hopefully getting through the continuous solution would be a positive marker on the table and get people back to more normal spending patterns there.
Mark McLaughlin: So I will take the first part. What I think we are seeing in the market and have been for a while is the importance of the platform which I mentioned before where things work together in a highly automated fashion and there is really positive benefits in prevention outcomes plus the simplicity of the consumption models that result. I think that’s really continues to distinguish itself in the market because anybody can make those statements but at the end of the day what really matters is the architecture on how it’s actually built. And I think that what we’ve proven over time is we get a lot of credibility there because we’re a company that primarily is working on developing and building those things ourselves, we can make those statements at scale to customers and say no we really think this actually works together right and we have lots of references you can talk to where other companies might be cobbling things together and trying to do things that really don’t work out at the end of the day, when trying to get to the automated platforms. So I think that’s one level, the second thing on the architecture is the elegance of the architecture matters is well where from a simplicity perspective having it work in that automated orchestrated way and kind of mostly in charge of the platform you build a lot of it yourself matters from a stability perspective. So we increasingly as other vendors add more like acquisitions into the mix that stuff doesn’t really work well together and not only does it not try the security outcomes but it is increasing instability in networks as well. but we will hear a lot of folks coming to Palo Alto Networks saying one of the primary reasons is not just technical it’s also stability my currently provide can’t run at these big scales any longer they just keep adding more stuff and starting to break things as well. So if we -whole bunch of stuff in the mix of that but it all comes back to the architecture of the platform is the primary differentiator and as we try these revolutions and they build on each other we think that increases the moat and over time we'll continue to distinguish ourselves.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes sure, I will take that and Mark is very involved with some of these, he give some more color, but the big picture on the third evolution Jonathan of bringing the application framework to market maybe somewhat an obvious statement but we definitely are reinforcing that with customers is that if you're going to have capability sets that are really based on analytics and increasingly lots of interesting things and security will be driven on analytic capability, machine learning capability. The data set against which it runs is very important not only in terms of its size but also in the diversity of the kind of data in there right, like for example you don't need machine learning to tell you information is bad, the only data set we put in every bad stuff right. So you want to have very big data sets and you want the diversity of these dataset to have good, bad, unknowns in there and grow a lot of types of Logging Service is a capability set that we could go to customers and say for a very cost effective point of view, you can log all the information coming off of Palo Alto Networks capabilities because you want those really large datasets for all the analytic capabilities like LightCyber for example and things will bring to application framework to chew on and the bigger they are, the better they are and it doesn't have to be cost prohibitive a lot of that information. So Mark was deeply involved in a couple of the sales this quarter, maybe you can add little color.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes I think you pretty much nailed it Mark. I think for – to be able to leverage machine learning like our average series are leveraging against our customers everyday in an increasing scale and velocity. You need to be able to log not just bad and suspected bad but also good to really let the machine crunch as Mark said. So I think what makes us attractive beyond price is the fact that we're able to take the data from Logging Service and add that to the trillions of artifacts that we have in our threat intelligence data centers around the world to really drive the kind of automation that you need to be able to reduce the attack surface. I think that’s the last question. Okay, well thanks. Before I close, I want to thank everybody again for joining us today and I wish you and your families a very safe and happy Thanksgiving. We look forward to seeing many of you in the coming weekly Summer Investor Conferences. I really appreciate your time. See you next time.
Mark Anderson: Yes, you bet Mark. So hey Sterling, I think geographical standpoint no we have across the board we saw 25% in the Americas by far the biggest theatre and 25% in fact in Japan and 35% in EMEA, so really good strong execution across the board. I think in all theatres we're getting tremendous set bats [ph] because we've got great geographic coverage in all the sub regions and really good partner traction as well. So we're getting a lot more bats we're winning the vast majority of those of bats because we have a much better solution. I think with regards to cloud as we said pretty clearly at Analyst Day we really think that there’s major tailwinds coming with cloud. We are hearing constantly from customers that they want as they move more and more off of-prim over the long term, they're going to want consistent delivery of security and that's kind of what we've been talking about for a long time and then we think were pretty unique in that.
Mark Anderson: Yes, John. Thanks for the question. No, I think just first of all about a third of our customers for Traps or that first purchases Traps not traditional network security, so and we think on the merits of the solution with the focus that we have in the field that we are winning because we're delivering better outcomes. And we're going after traditional anti-virus budget because customers have associated very little value with the money that they are spending on traditional anti-virus. I think down the road we won't really strategic space for us and as Mark mentioned earlier and we're going to continue to see success here.
Mark Anderson: Yes that was really good performance across the board in every sub region within in the year Walter. I think just what we're seeing across the board in Europe is they're typically one to two years behind the Americas in terms of their IT culture if you will and we're seeing just a general awareness of the need for migration away from legacy disconnected products to a more of an architecture approach. That’s coming at a time when bad things are happening around the world, focused on legislation with GPR and frankly the coverage that we have now in every major country and in Europe that's getting us in front of customers and showing them how we can be a much better provider for them.
Mark Anderson: Yes and then just I would add, it’s a really important space for us to be in, we’ve invested in the team over the last three years and we’ve got great coverage across the Intel, Pavilion and DoD segments and I think we feel really good about the team.
Mark Anderson: But there hasn’t been great number of proof point that would when we can make this discovery with Palo Alto Networks integration between Proofpoint can allow Proofpoint actually do something about it, so it really is an ad for Proofpoint.
Steffan Tomlinson: Yes, that the new products that we launched had a very healthy contributing factor to the mix of products. We don't give out specific percentages, but the traction has been very strong. It's opened up new opportunities to sell to the new customers as well as selling into our installed base from an expansion standpoint and so it was a very strong contributor. We just don't give up the specific percentages.
Steffan Tomlinson: And just follow-on point, with that being the dynamic we're still operating within our framework of 75% to 78% total gross margin and we've incorporated that dynamic into that guidance range, so we feel good about that structure.
Steffan Tomlinson: And it's really the trust and faith that we've earned from customers over the last decade where they know that we're going to provide a high quality product and then we're going to support it in a way in a more focused way than anybody out there can from a product support standpoint.
Steffan Tomlinson: Yes, you bet Fatima. So I think we've got a really broad spectrum of customers, some are leaning pretty aggressively into public cloud and we're putting preproduction deve ups new applications into the cloud. Some are dipping their toes and I think what we represent for them is an opportunity to provide a real consistent look and feel for their security that we can impose there. This is going to take the place over the next five to ten years. We're going to continue to see more and more migration as people become more and more comfortable for that and I think that comfort is going to come from the kind of security that we can help deliver to them. So I think were in a very good space there.
Steffan Tomlinson: Well, if you look back over the last several years, we've seen a modest gradual increase in duration and it seems to have leveled out at approximately three years. And so for the companies who are, who did a three-year deal three years ago, there's really a mix of renewals business right now. We're seeing some re-op for a multi-year term we're seeing others renewing annually. So there's really a mix there, but what we said at our Analyst Day and what we still believe to be true is that for the rest of the fiscal year we don't really see any changes in overall duration that it should be roughly about three years.
Steffan Tomlinson: Yes and Karl on the second part of your question, as you mentioned we did raise billings for the full year by $10 million. The mechanics are such that when you look our deferred revenue balance and that what we're adding to it every quarter very robust and healthy growth in both attached and non-attached subscriptions and also maintenance. But they're coming in line as expected and I think to the point that you raised, we are having more in-period more in-period revenue than we had originally planned for because product was so strong and so we also raised product for the full year. And the last point, I'll leave you with is if you think about current billings, current billings was strong and that reflects product revenue in the period versus the change in short term deferred.
Steffan Tomlinson: Yes on that front, we release those on a semi-annual basis and we saw a very healthy growth in customer accounts for both of those product lines.
