Steffan Tomlinson: Well both short term and long term deferred grew very nicely and that is -- that's a phenomenal statement that our customers are making because they want to standardize on us long term. The way that we calculate duration is units based duration, it's not a dollar weighted duration and we use that contract unit duration as a way to manage the business internally because it takes out the variability of any large deals that come in and out of a quarter. So we feel very good about the quality of the deferred revenues. The fact that we have over a billion deferred revenues on the balance sheet, our standard process is to collect the cash up front and that is also a benefit to our model as well and we have very healthy renewal rates. So all those things put together, we've seen both a great increase in short term and long term deferred revenue.
Steffan Tomlinson: Well, as you mentioned the 33% year-over-year growth is very strong considering that we’re operating at scale and when you think about seasonality in our business what we’ve always said and now its playing out is that Q2 and Q4 will be our strongest sequential quarters and Q1 and Q3 both on a relative basis just be less strong . In our fiscal Q3 is proxy for like a calendar Q1 but just still being said that’s sort of thing. The other part of your question as it relates to call it subscriptions business we have four subscription services that actually don’t attach to the device. So, there is a separation between the product revenue that we’re bringing in, half of the subscriptions that we offer attached to the device, but half of them do not and the half that don’t, are newly -- relatively newly introduced subscriptions that have a high growth rate trajectory that we’re looking to monetize over time. So, less and less tying of subscriptions revenue to product revenue though it still will be tied, but it's less of the concrete tied then it has been in the past.
Steffan Tomlinson: So on the duration, as I said on the call the way that we calculated is a unit based duration and it ticked down slightly and I'll try to viewpoint on that is if you look at a dollar weighted based duration, that's something that we track internally, but we haven’t chosen to share that with the street because the way that we manage our business is off of the units based metrics and it takes up a volatility. Now I’ll tell you that if you look at the profile of both the short term and long term deferred growth, they both had extremely high growth rates. Short term actually grew on a dollar basis, greater than long term year-over-year and then the other kind of lens that we look at is if you were to look at a proxy for call it current billings and which is you take our revenue plus change in short term deferred, you're looking at growth rate north of 50%. So all of those things together kind of point a very healthy, both billings and deferred revenue business and the contact duration as measured on a units basis ticked down slightly.
Steffan Tomlinson: I’d encourage you to really kind of look at the mix shift in our business. Well we don’t guide as you said specifically on product revs. The implied guide would call for a sequential increase in product for sure, but I think where some of the modeling has been off base has been the contribution from the subscriptions and services side of the house. So, when you look at the guide that we gave off of a extremely tough comparable last year, there is going to be healthy growth in both product and services, but the mix I think you should really take a look at. So I would say look at the mix patterns and take into consideration what we've said as a company around how that the power of the platform is playing out.
Mark McLaughlin: So in the first point Sterling on Traps, yeah we're definitely seeing continued strong adoption of the Traps and we're also seeing larger deployments as well which is exactly what we would expect over time as we get reference ability and really work our install basis there as well. From a Traps and Aperture, perspective we're seeing good growth in all of our services. So Aperture did well in the quarter too. There is not really so much of a time between Aperture and Traps. There really is a tie in on the concept of location about where your data is and where you have to protect it right. So if data is increasingly moving endpoints, you definitely want to have protection there and we're for sure seeing strong move of folks using third party SaaS applications. So you want have your data protected there and that’s why Aperture is going to do for you. So it all points to the platform from a service respect we're seeing good strong adoption.
Mark McLaughlin: Hey Saket, it’s Mark. So as you saw we had a good billings growth of 61% year-over-year. So we're very pleased with that. As Steffan mentioned, it's a great indication that customers are adopting more and more of the capabilities across the platform. We're seeing that in the installed base really understanding the mathematical leverage they get every time they take one more service they are increasing the mathematical probability that prevention is going up for them. We are definitely doing our best job to convince that to new customers when they come in the door we've a very good customer adoption, net new customers this quarter. And we're trying to make that point to those customers as well to take as much as much -- as much of the services as they can, and they want right up front, because it increases that mathematical prevention. So a lot of them are buying services in addition to buying a product. And on the renewal side as you can see as our business grows like this over time, we have a very healthy renewals business. We have very high renewal rates and with a large customer base like this and adding 1,000 plus customers every quarter that's going to continue to feed us into the future.
Mark McLaughlin: Yeah, sure Saket, I’ll take that one as well. So from a SBC perspective as you noted, we're here in the heart of Silicon Valley in a very, very competitive talent environment and we're very fast growing company. So the combination of those two things has meant that to support the growth we're hiring a lot of people and we do that where you're granting them equity to put make them part of the team and that's ownership skin in the game as well along with the shareholders and that is driven stock-based compensation as you can see and I know it's high by the way and high along with some of our very fast growing peers along those lines. As we think about that into the future, the SBC will come down. I certainly expect that to be the case and I would expect that to start next year as a matter of fact. And then as far as using cash for buybacks related to that concept of dilution when you're a fast growing technology company like ourselves, we watch cash all the time, how too much comes in the door and thinking about what the optimal uses of cash would be as a Board and we don't think it's this time the appropriate thing to do to be to be using it to buy back stock.
Mark McLaughlin: Yeah Ken, so as far as on the headcount side, we've added a lot of people we've added almost a 1,000 people in the first nine months of the year. And we have to continue to add lots of team members into the organization to support the high growth you're seeing 48% year-over-year your revenue growth, 61% billing growth that takes a lot of talent to do that at scale. So we'll continue to hire folks on the team, but we'll also be doing that thoughtfully and we would assume that over time in size that the absolute numbers of people that we hire would come down over time. On the operating margin side the -- we obviously would get less expense for a less numbers of people you bring into the equation, but on the driver for that for us in the short term is really the strong growth you're seeing in subscription services when you're posting up numbers like this on the billing side where subscription is growing at really high rates like that and having that mismatch between the commissions and the ratable revenue on that, that puts some short term pressure on the operating margin.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure, happy to do that. On the service side, we called that out a number of times in the last two quarters. It's something we're very focused. We have been for a while looking at that market as an opportunity and then with every release that we put out the door and introduction of new, introduction of new capabilities particularly in the hardware side ensuring that we have capabilities that will address the very specific needs of the service provider market. And then also organizationally made a change about nine months ago where we created a very specific service provider theater concept, build a theme around that, very aggressive right now, working with service providers and we have a number of design wins coming from that team already. So we would expect that we will get growth into the future on the service provider market which is something we really haven’t touched yet. 
Mark McLaughlin: Well, it's certainly going to grow over time as our platform is more fully adopted by all of our customers and when you think about what we’ve done over the past several years, we've gone from a couple of subscriptions services now to eight and the adoption rates and penetration rates continue to be very high and the renewal rates for both subscriptions and support are extremely high as well. So you have this compounding effect of the services business which will play out over time. So, we haven't given a long term model around kind of revenue split between services and product, but it should be growing over time and with the call it a $1.1 billion on the balance sheet we have more visibility in future revenue. So, think of it as up into the right. It will be a little bit -- it could be little bit lumpy relative to the traction that we are -- the strong traction that we’re still getting out of our product business.
Mark McLaughlin: So I will take the first one. I'll let Steffan take the second one, like on the non-attached subscriptions we -- if there is a reminder for our folks who are keeping track, we have Traps, we have Aperture, we have AutoFocus and then we have our VM series. And of those four, the two that are larger than the other two right now mostly because of when they're introduced the VM series and Traps, but all four of them did well in the quarter.
Mark McLaughlin: Hey, Keith, it's Mark. So let me take the competitive question first. On the competitive front, we haven’t seen anything different from the competition and the way we always think about that is will fall on the two buckets. Technology and marketing we care more about the technology buckets and the marketing bucket, both are important. But on the technology side we haven’t seen the competition do anything technically interesting there that will cause us any concern. I think you can see that also reflected just kind of as a proof point on very strong new customer ads, very strong lifetime value increases, strong attach rates, strong penetration rates. Everything was working well there from that side. So on the marketing side we continue to see people be very aggressive from a pricing perspective, but that’s an environment we've lived in for quite some time. On the macro side, we did mention that we’ve seen from the beginning of the year, the calendar year a lot of macro volatility and what I mean by that is there is same covering around out there whether there is a price of oil or what’s going to happen with interest rates, China, the stock market being up and day down and I think from a sentiment perspective of our customers it has them more cautious then they had been in the past and they’re doing more inspection on deals, it's taking longer from a deals sales cycle as they look at -- as they look at different things, different number of times. And also in some cases trying to did you with less today that they can in the future. So, a bit obviously in a better environment or macro environment those things can't go away. So -- but that’s we saw on our guide implied a sequential decline as we thought about that from beginning from January and as you can see from guide going forward, it's against a very, very strong comp of course but we took that macro into account when we provide Q4 guide.
Mark McLaughlin: We see on a -- yes, so as you can see we had a back ended loaded quarter there Keith on what we saw in more getting done in April then we usually see historically and I think that’s very tied to where we are saying on the macro sentiment of people just taking longer to get deals done. Team did a great job bringing the business in April. So we're very proud of that, but we did see -- we did see a different looking April than we had in the past.
Mark McLaughlin: Yeah Greg, there is a rounding going on there, just using round numbers when we report these, but no slowdown at all that the number was well over 1,500 in the quarter so closer to 2,000.
Mark McLaughlin: Yeah we did see some in different places in the world we saw some of this what I would call the macro sentiment impact and one of them was in Australia for Asia is about 24% year-over-year growth as you saw, what we saw in Australia that was concern I think from customers in that environment they're very tied into China. China's got a cold where they get the flu. So there's from a specific area Australia we saw some weakness there in the quarter. We also saw the Middle East having some concerns around the price of oil and budgets being reset by governments and companies over there as a result of that. So that was an area as well, but generally you can see strong growth in the topline numbers, the billing numbers in our most mature market the Americas at 56% year-over-year growth so very strong there.
Mark McLaughlin: Rob, I think just as a general matter where we've seen very strong velocity in the business and at the same time associated with that, we are continuing to work with larger and larger companies on bigger and bigger deals when you look at our penetration and well over a 1,000 and above 2,000 now in the high 80 percentage range on the Fortune 100. And as we get to work with bigger companies like that, we're going to get to work with them on larger deals as well. So from a fourth quarter perspective it's always a seasonally strong quarter for us and we would expect that to be the case here. We are working against all the monster comp, if you recall, we had a fantastic color on fourth quarter last year, but we're also taking that macro into account when we set that guidance.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes sure, as you've seen it from our business when we've shown you every year at our Analyst Day the vertical penetration we have we're a very horizontal business and I would like to see that personally and running the businesses because it shows one we don't have used exposure anywhere and two, we have a useful capability to all verticals. So that continue to be the case by the way. We’ve seen increasing interest in business in the federal space. You can definitely see everybody great team together there. About two years ago they were really performing well and it takes a very long time to crack into that market, but when you're in you start to perform better and better if you're doing something useful for the customers. So we see that service provider which I just mentioned a few minutes ago is an area we're putting a lot of attention of focus and we think that that will go well up for us and just as a general matter in the enterprise space with large companies, the attention to focus that Mark has put into the major accounts and global counts, that organizationally has really been paying off dividends for us and we would expect that to continue as well.
Mark McLaughlin: Just for background from what Walter is talking about is with our VM Series depending on how the customer takes it either perpetual license or non-perpetual is going to fall in category of product versus subscription services, that's basically the background for the question. The VM Series has continued to perform very well for us including in the third quarter. But the breakdown between the perpetual and non-perpetual has been consistent and we didn't see any big swing there.
Mark McLaughlin: When you think about the relationship between the two, it all starts with the concept of mix and over the last couple quarters at our Analyst Day we devoted a fair amount of time giving insight into how that mix has been shifting. In the first half of the fiscal '16 that mix was 63% services, relative to where it was the first half of '15, which is 58%. So you're starting to see that that shift over time. So billings is increasingly benefiting from higher adoption rates of all of our subscription services and higher renewal rates of both subscriptions and support and that as a percentage of the business is growing and you're seeing that with the percentages that I just mentioned. And by the way in Q3 that mix shift continued in the direction of favoring subscriptions. So the relation between billings and revenue should continue to have a separation, that should continue to grow over time, because those -- the services billing that go on to the deferred revenue side of the house will come off ratably whereas the product revenue that's associated with those billings is shrinking as a percentage of the total. It's still growing in terms of absolute dollars, but on a percentage mix standpoint it's decreasing. So on a relative basis, billings and specifically services billings should be outpacing the rate of product billings over time and that same or similar proportion relates to revenue as well.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes just to be specific from a dynamic perspective Brent, what I was saying was that the one metric you can look at there with DSOs being higher, you can see we had a more backend loaded quarter in April than before and the reason for that we believe we believe is we're very engaged with the customers is them taking longer to get approvals for deals. I think I might use this term volatility before as a lot of things that play out there, but it ultimately boils down to sentiment right about how the customers feel about things and I think that sentiment in that environment has been cautious from January and it continues to be that case. And they're putting more attention and focus on what they're going to spend and how they prioritize that. I think in a very good way as you can see from a lot of other companies reporting in the IT sector and what they’ve reported and how they felt about the future security I think obviously remains at the top it's a priority spend item. How do we see customers taking longer to get the deals approved as are getting checked two or three times in a row just to make sure that they want to spend their money.
Mark McLaughlin: Brent, we're doing 1,000,1,000, 1,000 of deals this size right now as a company. So in any given quarter we're going to get cautious across quarters in the last month. So we saw that but that’s no different than what we've seen for some time now.
Mark McLaughlin: That’s a good question Michael. So from a channel enablement perspective one of the things for sure we're seeing across the Board is in the channels whether it's distributors or whether its reseller or even distance integrators, we’ve achieved the size in the market and continue to have very, very high growth rate where everybody is paying attention to that and they want definitely want to have call it the networks as a place where they're going to investing and take in that high growth. So we’re delighted with that of course as we have to continue to add capacity to do that. We’re doing that on a global basis as well and we’ll stay very focused on that as well  So from a headcount perspective, we're always watching resources lies where we're going to put resources. We've obviously started the year with the plan off of what the assumptions would be. As we progress through the year depending on the ROI we're getting out of this places headcount wise we may shift heads around into places with higher productivity. So that's a dynamic thing for us. We don’t try to just set a statistic thing beginning the year and play with it, no matter what’s happening, but there is headcount rates. As I said earlier they're high and they remain high from a sales perspective just because the demand is obviously there and we want to make sure that we have the people and the place where we can satisfy the demand.
Mark McLaughlin: No, it just stands on a couple countries and this is every quarter we're going to see something in different places like that world is never filing on all cylinders at all times. As I said I think a little earlier in this quarter, areas where we saw a more weakness than usual was the Middle East that was pronounced and I think as the price of oil has been so volatile and lower than I think many of the governments and then companies have set their budgets against as they have to reset those things and look for cost savings that we saw in the Middle East, we saw that in couple of the oil producing regions of Canada and then we saw not associated with oil, but just political stability issues in Brazil and we saw some weakness down there as well.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure, hey Catharine, it's Mark. Yeah so from an attention perspective, end points of very high attention, it’s pretty obvious to customers that legacy technologies are really not working that well for them and I think as a result of that, there has also been a shift of influence on those budgets as well up the chain into the CSO office of the CI office as well. We like that a lot by the way because we are really trying to operate at those levels with a two platform approach that when we can get into this CIO, CSO, CTO level conversations, those folks are thinking about how do I protect no might higher enterprise, and that higher enterprise consistent of all the data and that data is all over the place right. So our story and our reality of being able to deliver in the story of the platform as we can protect the data everywhere including at the endpoints. Now from how you do that to your second part of your question, we think that a prevention oriented approach is a right one, just as we done at the network level very successfully in the past and we think that’s the right approach to the end points as well. And that’s what Traps does. It's a very prevention oriented approach because its tied into WildFire, it also provides the advantages of having your network and endpoint understand each other from a fed perspective and then also very significantly because its hid into WildFire, you also get the ecosystem of everything that we're finding from our customer ecosystem as being updated not only at the network level but at the end point level of course as well. So we think we’ve got the right technology to solve a very important problem and that problem is growing in awareness and attention for customers. 
Mark McLaughlin: We’re doing well in the bake offs Catharine. It’s a very, very busy market right now here in the endpoints space. So almost in every case that you're involved in you have the legacy provider in there and then you have a very, very long list of “next gen endpoint companies“ who are showing up trying to compete there. I think we're doing very well in that competitive environments for the reasons I said, which is in addition to say we do something very important which is actually prevention of the end point, nobody think can match the follow on statements we're saying and it works with your network and you get these advantage of having 30,000 some plus customer and ecosystem working for you from a threat intelligence perspective at the endpoint level as well.
Mark McLaughlin: Well what we said Scott is that from a seasonality perspective we expect Q2 and Q4 to be stronger sequentially as you've noted and that would continue to be the case from the guide perspective. I know as I said a little earlier, we’ve taken into account that guide, not only they're really, really strong comp that we're working up against, but also the macro environment working in as well.
Mark McLaughlin: Thanks operator. Appreciate that. Thanks everyone for joining us this afternoon. We’re all very excited here at Palo Alto Networks about the future and I want to thank our customers, partners and entire Palo Alto Networks team for their hard work and support in the third quarter and we look forward to updating you for the fourth quarter results in about 90 days. Thanks a lot.
