Nikesh Arora: Thanks, Keith, for your questions. You are thinking about it right. As you know, many of our next-generation security products are very early in their life cycle. So, literally, there’s stuff like Twistlock we acquired in July, there’s stuff like Demisto, all these things haven’t even lapped one year. So we put a lot of effort towards getting our core team to both, learn, understand, build pipeline and sell and in that process we set up some good incentives for them to focus on next-generation security, because pretty much the entire conversation for my first year here was, they love the fact that you are a great firewall company, how are you guys are going to keep transforming as the firewall market transitions. And we set out, our team and me, we set out to prove to ourselves that not only can we build the products in addition to firewall, but we can make this a multi-product company. So part of that is Lee’s team did a great job in getting the products in place and thinks on the integration work I talked about. The go-to-market team is starting to make sure they can prove -- that they can sell this stuff. And we are very excited that approximately 40% of our core salespeople sold Cortex this past quarter, approximately 25% of them sold Prisma. So we are tracking to the targets we set ourselves in terms of getting our core engaged. But because of the incentives, people made their decisions that they can make more money selling Cortex and Prisma in Q4 than selling firewalls. As a consequence, we saw a huge pipeline build and a lot of deals done in Q4, the momentum carried to Q1. We recognized this coming into the year. We have right-sized these incentives, but it takes a little bit longer for the pipeline till we get back into place. I don’t think there’s a systemic issue. I don’t think it’s a market share issue. I just think it’s taking the eye off the ball and we have already put stuff into place and we wouldn’t be saying we feel confident of delivering 23% long-term, if we didn’t believe that we could actually get the team to balance their focus both on Cortex, Prisma, as well as the firewall.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah. Look, we acquired this company called Aporeto. We are in the process of acquiring it. This is slightly earlier in the technology lifecycle of cloud security. This is a bet we are making in terms of how micro segmentation will need to be done in the future and with that bet, it’s going to take us a while to integrate this into our Prisma Cloud offering. So we are not anticipating much revenue uplift this year. So we are holding revenue flat from -- as a flat in line with guidance, without expecting any revenue impact this fiscal year from Aporeto. But we -- obviously we have to pay the cost for the company.
Nikesh Arora: Well, look, both on Prisma Cloud and Prisma Access and I am sure you all remember Nir’s emotional explanation on Analyst Day around Prisma Access, which is the product that competes in the secure access space. We are very excited. We are seeing -- we continue to see traction. We continue to see large seven-figure deals in that space. It’s a space where we are seeing the market is going. There is a cloud transformation happening. As you start transforming your applications to the cloud, you start thinking about how to transform your network and start creating more high bandwidth secure access to all of your users and your branches. So we see the market moving there. We see our product getting stronger and more mature. As we said, we announced the availability of SD-WAN and DLP in the product, where -- which makes it a comprehensive solution in the market. So we are seeing the traction. Those deals take the same time as firewall deals take to close because customers have to go through a strategic transformation of the network. So they are not as quick as Prisma Cloud deals. On the other side, as I said, we have, I think, in record time, gone past 1,000 pure cloud security customers across Redlock, Evident, Twistlock, PureSec, which, in our mind, is one of the fastest ramps in terms of our ability to get 1,000 customers to deploy our cloud security product. And this is when we were selling them individually and we just last week integrated all of them into one SKU. So we believe that gives us more traction. So we are very excited about the traction we are seeing in the Prisma product.
Nikesh Arora: Okay. Great. Thank you for the question, Fatima. I think as we discussed at the Analyst Day, we had said that we don’t want to have to sell every module of Prisma Cloud to our customers individually and we want to create a structure where they can actually buy once and use our products on a consumption basis. And effectively, this integrated platform we have rolled -- started rolling out last week, Prisma Cloud, where you have one SKU where all Redlock, Twistlock, PureSec functionalities available. If you bought Redlock SaaS version, you will be able to use container security without coming and signing a new deal. You will just use up some of your credits that you bought. If you bought Twistlock functionality, you would be able to do the same thing with Redlock or PureSec. So we have simplified our contracts and our ability to consume in this release of our product last week. We are in the process of rolling it out to all of our Prisma, sorry, all of our Twistlock and Redlock customers, which should be accomplished in the next few weeks, I hope. And those customers then will have the ability to consume the product without actually having to come and buy those individual products from us, which is -- takes away a lot of friction in the process. In terms of SD-WAN and DLP, they will be available integrated and part of Prisma Access, so you will not have to go buy different products and integrate them. This will come integrated out of the software box, if there’s some such thing, and you will be able to use it with a single cloud pane.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this team outperformed the numbers by approximately 20%. So there we are seeing tremendous amount of tractions, both -- traction both on the XDR side and the Demisto side, Demisto is performing way ahead of our acquisition plan. We haven’t opened up the capability for customers to write their own applications on our platform just yet. We have some apps in the old version of the application framework. But right now we focus more on providing integration out of the box with third-party vendors, so customers don’t have to try and take that and normalize the data, which has been a bit of a shift in our strategy, but we are seeing huge traction. I think it’s fair to say that one of the times when Lee announced the ingestion of checkpoint firewall data into our product was when he got a standing ovation. It’s hard to get a standing ovation from a bunch of engineers at a conference. So they must have liked that and we are going to do the same thing with Cisco and Fortinet firewall data. So that way when a customer is trying to look at alerts across firewall and endpoint data, we can ingest any firewall data, as well as match it up with our endpoints. So we are seeing traction in Cortex across both product categories, but we have not opened up the ability for people to write their own apps just yet.
Nikesh Arora: Sure. I think we are taking two random points, and try and draw a straight line. I personally don’t think there’s any correlation between the changes and our challenge on the product this quarter. If there was a challenge we would have [inaudible] across the Board, across every category, not just our firewalls. So, the fact that our teams have gone out and that’s the billings targets for Q4 and Q1, and we have had a mix shift in terms of what we have been able to sell, validate at least the period we are putting our or for the facts we are putting out around the fact the incentives contributed to it as opposed to our leadership changes. On the leadership change front, we have very strong leaders in our regions. We promoted Rick Congdon, who has been around for many years at Palo Alto Networks. He is doing a phenomenal job in Q4 to run our Americas business. We have Christian Hansen in Europe we have talked about in past earnings calls, as well as we have promoted Simon Green to one of JPAC business to manage the Pacific for us. So between those three, we feel we have strong leadership in the regions. And both our Prisma and Cortex leaders are doing really well, given the performance we have seen NGS. And we felt that we were not -- we don’t have a laser-focused leader on the firewall as a platform category. So we were able to hire Andy Elder, who is an amazing sales leader from Riverbed, who is going to run that part of our business in terms of focusing and making sure that as we deploy new products like Prisma Access or virtual firewalls, or going from four to seven subscriptions that there is a same go-to-market focus that we have had on Prisma and Cortex. And with that, sort of 3x3 matrix, we feel, I might need to say engaged in that transformation with these teams and putting another layer between him and these six people would be detrimental to our ability to go and execute. So we have decided not to replace the Head of Sales position.
Nikesh Arora: I wish that was the case that we have been caught unaware. So I really like to be surprised by phenomenal growth in any product category. Unfortunately, it’s just the fact that our teams had only so many dollars they could sell in Q4 and they sold a lot of them. But they sold them in the category, which was going to make them a lot of money, which is a good thing. You want your sales teams be motivated by the incentives -- realizing incentives are not working. But we have fixed the focus to make sure they have focused on both categories. So we think it’s nothing systemic. We think it happened in this quarter. And to be honest, if you look at the numbers, another $20 million of deals would have gotten us to a number, which would have made all of you happy and made us happy. But we -- that’s kind of the quantum of the change on an $897 million worth of billings. So $20 million showed up in more next-generation securities then showed up in product, which is why we are all getting unhappy about this. But hopefully, we can fix that in upcoming quarters and we can deliver to the long-term guidance of 25% CAGR.
Nikesh Arora: Sure. Look, as we said in the past is that there are tons and tons of people selling the transition to the public cloud across the various large cloud providers around the world, whether it’s Alibaba cloud sales or Oracle, Amazon or GCP or Azure, they are all trying to convince us to move to cloud. We personally have thought to having moved to the cloud for that reason, because we think that’s the right outcome of the long-term. But we don’t believe that a lot of the cloud security products exists to be able to deliver the amount and quality and capability of cyber security that exist in today’s enterprise world. And as you make that transition, as we start putting more and more mission-critical applications onto the cloud, it is going to be important to reinvent the way cyber security is delivered, made for the cloud, by the cloud, what’s the third part of that? Never mind. [Inaudible] is weaker than it should be. But anyway, so as we go down that path, we believe only 50% of the cloud security products have been invented so far. And instead of sit down and try and build them all ourselves, we have acquired Redlock and Evident, in the first instance, secure workloads, the market moved swiftly to containers. We acquired Twistlock, the market was heading to serverless. We acquired PureSec. We are also in the process of building our own modules in addition to those, which we will, obviously, as part of our product road map. And we look to the world of micro segmentation and said, micro segmentation is deployed today and the data center is not the way it needs to be deployed in the cloud because micro segmentation relies on IP addressing in the data center, which is very good for the enterprise but not really how the cloud operates. And Aporeto has a really good way. They have been working at it for the last two and a half years, three years, perfecting an approach which they have deployed in two or three very large customers at scale. We looked at it and said, look, this would be a phenomenal set of capabilities to have in our cloud security platform. We talked to the company. We liked them. We looked to the whole market, and said, this is the way we want to do this in the future. As a consequence, we acquired them and this will become part of our Prisma Cloud platform. So we don’t intend this to be a separate SKU, we expect it to be part of integrated capability as part of our Prisma Cloud platform and we hope the underlying capability they bring will allow us to create more features in the future using their backlog.
Nikesh Arora: Look, I haven’t been in this industry very long. But I am told by my colleagues and the way we watch this, it’s very rare to start a cybersecurity company or a product and start closing seven-figure deals in short order, and it’s fair to say, we are seeing a healthy amount of seven-figure deals in Prisma Cloud, which tells us that there is a need out there for this product, as a product market fit. And it kind of makes sense if you think about average customers are spending tens of millions of dollars in their cloud transition moving to the public cloud providers, and I have said, this in the past, if we can get 2% to 5% of that spend for cloud security, we will be in a good place. And I think we are tracking to that as we go to customers and we see them, they are spending $30 million, $50 million a year in the public cloud. We are tracking to the 2% to 5% number for those customers. And there’s a possibility that, that goes up a little bit, because there’s a whole bunch of capabilities that doesn’t exist yet. But we have not run into budget constraints in our customers, who are moving to the cloud, and saying, well, I am moving to cloud, but I don’t have the money to do cloud security.
Nikesh Arora: It seems to have become a consideration in the purchase decision. But let’s remember there’s over 40 SD-WAN providers out there in the world and customers also choose whether they want a separate SD-WAN with more capability or an integrated SD-WAN in the firewall. But given that has become a consideration, we have launched or announced SD-WAN as part of Prisma Access and you can logically expect us to be able to deliver that across every form factor in the near future.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah. Look, I think, the whole automation use case is resonating with our customers, where they are building Data Lakes, they are looking at their SIMs, but they are realizing they are getting a huge barrage of alerts as they deploy more and more cybersecurity solutions into either the enterprise and the cloud. And Demisto is turning out to be the versatile automation tool with the number of indications it has of all security vendors out there. So we are seeing traction. Our core team is able to explain it, sell it across the Board. As I mentioned, that approximately 30-plus percent of our core sales team is selling Cortex, which includes Demisto. So it’s really the expanded go-to-market, the expanded capabilities that the new Demisto product has. It’s really driving that, and of course, the good product market fit out there.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah. So a couple of weeks ago at our EMEA Ignite Conference, we announced SD-WAN and we plan to deliver SD-WAN across all three form factors, so hardware, virtual and Prisma Access around the mid-December time frame, so next month.
Nikesh Arora: I am going to let Lee answer that question since he’s been sitting here with not a whole lot to, he is doing the stuff.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah. And as I mentioned earlier, approximately 39% of our core sales team is selling Cortex, our Cortex suite of product and approximately 25% is selling our Prisma suite of products. Of course, there is a lot of room for us to go from 40% to more and more of our sales team being able to sell these products. But having said that, many of these products have been in play only for about six months, so we have --
Nikesh Arora: -- a few thousand people out there in the field and it takes a while to get them all comfortable, up to speed, being able to sell it. Not only that, we have lots of partners out there, and part of our efforts are not just to motivate and create our team, but also to make sure our partners fully understand our capabilities and are able to sell. So, yes, we can make more progress, but, again, very excited about the progress we have made so far with the new product categories.
Nikesh Arora: So in terms of your first part of the question, Prisma Access we will be seeing out there. Prisma Access is part of a network transformation decision that the customer makes and depending on how their current network operates and what they want to make it look like going into the cloud, there can be hardware-based solutions or software based solutions. And depending on whether it’s a smaller footprint of larger data centers versus a larger footprint of smaller branches or remote users, the architectures can vary. So you can solve this problem with different architects and different products. But we -- from our stand, I can tell you that, our software-based solution, our software-based approach and our security-first approach is resonating with them because as it goes to cloud, the security is getting distributed and they want to make sure that as they start accessing mission-critical applications straight into the cloud or back to the data centers, that security is a priority. So we are seeing traction in that space. I am sure there are many other vendors out there who have different solutions, which are adapted to their product portfolio.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah. So before I close, I want to thank everybody again for joining us today, and I wish you and your families a very safe and Happy Thanksgiving. And we look forward to seeing many of you in the upcoming weeks at some of our investor conferences. I also want to thank our customers, our partners and employees around the world. Have a wonderful evening.
Kathy Bonanno: Sure. Thanks for the question. We do manufacture our products in the U.S. However, there are certain components that we -- as we have talked about in the past, that we source from China. That’s the only place where we are able to purchase these components. And we have seen that list of products expand as the tariff situation has expanded in the U.S., as it relates to China products. So, we have felt the impact of that and we have been talking for a while about the impact to EPS. However, just at the start of this new fiscal quarter -- fiscal Q2, we did increase pricing on our firewalls and that increase in pricing is intended to offset the tariff impact. So that’s why you don’t see us outlining a specific financial impact this quarter.
Kathy Bonanno: Yeah. Sure. We have been talking about refresh activity in a couple of different ways. One, in terms of what we see with our customers’ refreshing competitive boxes, and of course, that’s been a motion that we have been competitively trying to address since the start of the company. And as you know, there is rarely a company that we go into that doesn’t already have firewalls and so it’s always been a competitive displacement go-to-market approach for us. When we talk about our own internal refresh cycle, we continue to see our customers refreshing. However, in terms of driver of growth, we pointed out that in terms of just pure magnitude of customers, our new customer acquisition, as well as our customer expansion opportunity is a much bigger driver of our overall growth and less -- much less so refresh of our own boxes that we have sold to customers previously.
Kathy Bonanno: Yeah. Sure. The gross margin range that we have provided in the past that we expect to operate within is 75% to 78% gross margins and we have continue to operate within that range for many, many quarters now. The services margin in particular, which we -- which you will see in our financials has been at the higher end of that range as you rightly point out. And it’s in fact actually come down a little bit over the last couple of years and that’s as a result of us building out the next-gen security products. Many of them which have hosting and data management costs and those costs are higher than the typical software type margins that you have seen on our attach subscriptions in the past. So, slightly different profile, but still operating overall service margins at the high end of that range.
Kathy Bonanno: Well, we have talked about the impact, which is pretty modest impact $0.02 on the earnings per share for the quarter and we are investing in order to ensure that we can integrate these products and make sure that we are successful in our go-to-market efforts and so there is real expense associated with those. So the framework that we have given you is an organic framework and when we do M&A we will point out any incremental financial impact to that.
Kathy Bonanno: Yeah. Prisma Access and the functionality that it provides is typically slightly higher -- somewhat higher price than a typical firewall sales that we would see. Of course, depending upon the firewall and the number of attach subscriptions over time over a five-year period, which is the typical life cycle of a firewall, we would expect to see more revenue from the Prisma Access deal.
Kathy Bonanno: And in terms of product growth, we don’t guide product specifically, but you can tell from the guidance that we have given both for Q2 and for the full year looking at typical trends that we have seen in the past in terms of product as a percent of the total. You can -- I am sure back into what we are expecting for product are pretty closely.
Lee Klarich: Yeah. So just maybe continuing where Nikesh left off. So for Prisma Cloud, we do have a single unified UI for all different Prisma Cloud offerings. So for customers that are securing their applications in the cloud, they would go to one UI for that. Within Prisma Access, as we deliver additional integrated services, we have an ability to do that within Panorama to be able to, we call, plug-ins that can expand Panorama to include the additional capabilities as they come out. So, again, customer can go to one unified UI to see all those different pieces in one place.
Lee Klarich: Oh! Look, in the cloud, there’s a whole movement towards call shift left, which is really focused on integrating the security process and functionality and posture as close to the point of development as possible. So that by the time an application is running in production in the cloud, all of the security is already there and was developed as part of the application. This was something that Twistlock and container security was very focused on.
Lee Klarich: It’s a very common practice within container development to have the shift left mentality and as we look to this going forward, we see it becoming a bigger part of cloud security practice.
