Mark D. McLaughlin: Hey, Sterling. It's Mark. A couple of anecdotal points there. One, in the quarter itself, we have January in the quarter and the linearity for the quarter was exactly the same as historical precedent. So we didn't see anything happen in the quarter that would raise any concern around that. I travel around all the time myself globally. I had the chance in January to be not only in Europe, but in Asia as well. And all the places that I went to, the customers that I talked with said that security remains a priority spend item for them as well. So we haven't seen anything to indicate that what we're seeing in the stock market means anything about the macro economy yet, but we watch that closely.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Hey, Rob, and this is Mark. That's exactly what we've always wanted to occur and we hope to continue to drive that in the business where folks are making these architectural decisions with Palo Alto. And there I think the market's really starting to realize that the more the prevention capability that they adopt, the better their prevention gets. And you can see that with the growth in subscription services.
Mark D. McLaughlin: That's a great question, Rob. And I get that from customers all the time. So big picture is the way that we monetize intelligence is in the platform itself. I mean the platform is a high proactive prevention capability. And the more intelligence we have in the platform, the better job we do at that. So with that in mind, we have an insatiable desire for threat intelligence and being able to partner up with Proofpoint to have everything they're seeing from an e-mail gateway perspective is beneficial for us and vice versa for them. Really interesting, when I'm talking to customers, I have a lot of customers who are telling me that they think the day of security vendors trying to monetize intelligence is long over. And they're very upset with security vendors who come in and try to sell them intelligence as a service, where they're trying to monetize that. And I think that's going to change pretty rapidly into the future where you just better be able to take intelligence and put it in your platform for your products and do something with it for the customer; and that's where the value proposition will lie.
Mark D. McLaughlin: And, Michael, it's Mark. There is no one-time aspects in the free cash flow numbers you're looking at right now.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, Andrew. Yeah, you can see product growth or platform growth – generally, right, and then product growth since that was your specific question is going to come from a number of areas. One is continued customer acquisition. You saw almost 2,000 new customers. That's a great land engine for us, and that continues to drive the entire platform, including products. So that's very healthy. The second thing is expansion inside the existing customer base. As we get bigger and bigger, more and more of our business will come from expansion opportunities instead of the – or in addition to the land opportunities. Expansion is going very nicely, as well. And then, the third is we're growing a very large base of business here as far as customers, all with products and all of whom would at some point will refresh those things. When we think about what that can look like into the future using sort of a five-year rule of thumb on refreshes, that would take us back basically to the 2011 cohort. If we added up 2009, 2010, 2011, it's about 4,000 customers total across those three cohorts, which means there's 26,000 more after 2011. And when we throw in close to 2,000 customers a quarter on top of that, that's a gift that just keeps giving into the future.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, great. This is Mark. On the attach rate side, attach rates are good and growing. We'll give you more color around that at Analyst Day in about 35 days or so, but the attach rates continue to do very well. And then, on the new services, which are in the order of history they're Traps, AutoFocus, and Aperture. Traps, Steffan just spoke to, continues to do very nicely for us. AutoFocus you may have heard, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've enjoyed the fastest sales ramp in the history of the company for a new service with AutoFocus. So there's great demand for that. And a very strong pipeline for Aperture as well, as people continually get interested into the CASB space for third-party applications. And I just want – hearkening back to the attach rate thing as well, and we'll discuss this in more detail at Analyst Day. As we continue to have more services that don't have attach rates on them, we'll talk through how that impacts the concept of attach rates, that I think will become increasingly irrelevant to the business over time. And we're just thinking more in terms of billings or subscription billings on this service because it's how much dollars that comes in that really matters.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Hey, Matt. It's way more about security than it is about cost. So folks are more and more realizing that if you're thinking about security and prevention, which is what they want to do, where the data is, a lot of data is at the endpoint, and that's one of the easiest ways to get into the network, as well, as AV continues to be less and less relevant there for them. So on your first question, folks want to, I think, more and more want to replace AV, not because it's so much they want to get rid of AV, but they just want to have security that would actually work for them. In the cases where we've seen people who said I have to have or really want to have AV, it's become more and more places that have to do that for compliance reasons or audit reasons, and they're doing something additive on top of that. But the primary driver there is security. The other interesting thing that we hear a lot, and it's really analogous to where we started in the firewall space and in all the other components that made their way into networks over time because stateful inspection firewalls weren't working for them as they built more and more complexity in the network, is the same thing on the endpoint. So people, they're not interested to add one more agent onto the endpoint. They have a lot of them there. So the same kind of simplification for better security that would result in better total cost of ownership, but primarily simplified on the endpoint of better security is a driver. And it's very analogous to what we saw when people said, hey, I don't want firewall plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, right? They want the simplicity of the network and better security. So it's working just on the endpoint as we thought it would, and we have a lot of experience in selling that kind of concept from our network genetics.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Sure. Well, the PA-7080, so everybody knows that's our latest chassis. It's a 200-gig throughput, and it has 10 slot cards in there, right? So that's what it looks like. And it's pretty exciting in the data center and service provider space because it is very high throughput. But even more important than the high throughput, it has all of the security capabilities that Palo Alto's known for now from a prevention perspective. So you get the best of both worlds with all those prevention capabilities and increasingly a higher throughput with none of the degradation of performance that you get with stateful inspection firewalls when you have to turn on various concepts that really reduces those throughputs. So one of the favorite angles for competitors is to talk about faster and faster and faster stateful inspection firewalls, partially because they have to, because every time you turn on one of these other cobbled-together capabilities for IPS or filtering or APT or something like that, it seriously degrades the performance in the first place; and that's something that we don't experience because we have a single-throughput engine. So we've gotten really high marks in the market so far for this.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah. That's a great question, Melissa. Couple of angles or ways to think about there or at least the way we think about that. And if you start with the size of the addressable market, as you know it's very big, and us at high single digits or about 10% market share, there seems to be a lot of runway from an addressable market opportunity capture perspective. And then inside of that, who is capturing what, right? So there's money here, it's up for grabs. I did a simple math experiment the other day just because I saw some third-party numbers on market share, and they tend to be kind of confusing to me because it's really hard to tell who's doing what there. So what I did was I took five vendors – Palo Alto Networks, Cisco, Check Point, Fortinet, and Juniper – and using the last calendar reported quarter, meaning this one for us and their fourth quarters for everybody in fourth quarter, I added up the year-over-year increase in revenue across all five of those vendors; and the total amount of new revenue across all five of those vendors was about $300 million. That's the total, right, of pie that everybody added. And inside of that, Palo Alto is about $120 million of the $300 million, okay. The average is $58 million, roughly $58 million if you do the math. So we're about $120 million of that, right? And I can give you the other numbers if you care about that. But I think it's very obvious that we're taking share from everybody in the space in order for those kinds of numbers to work out that way.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes. Our federal business is good and growing. So it's a market we like a lot, not surprisingly, given what our technology does and what the government more and more needs and recognizes they need. A couple of things that are interesting, you noted that – or I think you were noting that recently President Obama came out and called for a 40% increase in cyber security spending. You will see what happens with that. That's a request, not an order, right? So we'll see what happens with that. But obviously if there was that amount of spending there, it's $5 billion of additional dollars if it comes into the federal budget, specifically for cyber security. And on the same day he announced that, the Director of National Intelligence said that cyber security is the number one national security issue facing the United States, right? So I think the amount of attention from the government on cyber security is very, very high and could even be higher. But more interesting than that, they're really trying to put their money where their mouth is here with some of these announcements of what we have to do to take legacy architecture across the federal space and get it into next generation platforms, you could really do prevention.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Hey, Jonathan. It's Mark. Something we've seen for a while and I've mentioned it before is that when customers are thinking about security there, you're thinking less and less around topology and more around data and prevention, right? So what they want to do is make sure that they have this best prevention posture they can have wherever the data is. So when you think about where is data going, a lot of – more and more and a lot of it's going into public and private cloud environments and next generation data centers, right?. And when that's where it's going, we want to make sure it's secure; and that's I think partially what's driving a lot of strength in NSX itself, right? And then with our relationship with VMware with the integration of VM-Series in there that's better and better that they are going to do in that space, and they've been reporting pretty good numbers there. That's a great opportunity for us as far as where we can hunt along with them to provide the security.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, we're pleased with the international performance. You can see, if I back away from that for a minute that just the North America which is continued powerhouse for us. So it's fantastic to see a business of the size of North America continue to grow at the rate that it's growing. I think that just shows how much demand there is still in a mature market for Palo Alto with single-digit market share. And then, when we look internationally as well, we're seeing strong international growth. I think you can see in our numbers there, we had a very strong quarter in APAC quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year, and we also had a good quarter in EMEA, as well. As we continue to make investments in various areas, we expect to continue to grow these businesses, and our market share in those markets is even lower than it is in North America today. So there's even more upside.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Hey, Fred. I think – I'll make a prediction. It's RSA, and it's always dangerous to make predictions, but I think you're going to see at RSA this year a lot more folks than just Palo Alto talking about prevention. Last year, we were talking a lot about platforms, and people came around to that thinking right away from a marketing perspective. And I think you're going to see a lot more people trying to market around prevention now that we've shown that that's the right approach to this philosophically. And when you're doing prevention, you have to do it everywhere, right? Wherever the data is, as I was saying, a little earlier. And I think there will be a lot of focus and conversation around endpoints, given that prevention historically has been pretty weak there. And that's why people are adopting Traps so rapidly. So I would expect that to be the case. On the WildFire side, while thinking about advanced persistent threats and threats and how do you take an unknown threat and turning it into a known threat, that's as relevant as it ever has been. It's probably going to be incredibly relevant into the future because it's the unknown threats are the ones that are going to get you, and that's why people are adopting WildFire so rapidly, as well.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Well, Proofpoint's an email – primarily email security company, right? So they're sitting in front of an email server or gateway with their technology, and that's messaging security. So if you parse out the whole security industry, messaging security is separate from traditional network security. We're just in different markets with very complementary capabilities. Things that come through email are interesting to us from a threat perspective because sometimes it's the first place you see something, and there's obviously a lot of phishing attacks and things like that. So getting the ability to gather the information from a threat perspective from somebody like Proofpoint and put it into WildFire makes WildFire very powerful. On the flipside, for them as well, everything that we're seeing from endpoints and networks that are related to threats that they in turn can use to make their technology smarter about the threats, as well, makes sense, too. So it's a very symbiotic relationship.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Hi, Gur, it's Mark. Yeah, so for AWS, I think we mentioned in the last call that we had – well, on this call, we mentioned we had over 1,000 of our customers and growing using our VM-Series, right? So start with that as sort of the baseline. And then, the VM-Series capability in use and integrated at different places is growing well, too, like NSX in a private cloud environment. I think last quarter we said we had over 100 customers currently using our VM-Series and AWS, and that's growing, too, and we'll update you all that – on those kind of things at Analyst Day. So what we're seeing, again, is folks saying where is my data, and I need to protect it. And we don't want security to be an inhibitor about where the data can be. So if it's going to the public cloud, and workloads, a lot of times developers just put it up there, and the security guy doesn't even know about it yet, right? Those are the kind of things that worry security people. So they're going to make sure that they can – they want to make sure that they can secure those things. On the general question of AWS as a platform versus security, AWS is doing a lot and will do a lot to secure the platform itself, right? But from a security perspective of things like applications and network connections back to the ones who are consuming this stuff, the enterprise who consume this stuff, that's not something that they do, and I doubt that they will, because that's where companies like Palo Alto Networks have spent a decade honing prevention capabilities. And that's why having a capability in AWS is very powerful.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, sure. So if I back up for a second, just say for AutoFocus, list price that is $35,000 a year per operator, right? So think of this as a tool that an operator would look at and get highly correlated, relevant intelligence that can give them things to do proactively about threats in their network based on everything we're seeing from 30,000-plus other networks today and growing. So that's what it is, right, and that's the price point today. As I noted, that is the fastest growing service we've ever had, which is fantastic. I think the appetite for people to want to do proactive prevention is very high, and the ability to bring that kind of hardcore correlated analytics to bear is interesting. It's been interesting to large companies and medium-sized companies, as well. So what we've seen so far in selling is that people understand it very quickly. Now in the base of customers, large companies are going to have a lot more operators than small companies. So we have seen, and we expect to see some companies will buy one of them – from a license for one of them for one operator, and larger companies will buy multiple licenses for multiple operators. So the early view on this is it's got a very wide applicability.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, I think segmentation is very important and customers want to do that. And I think they're going to try to do it and basically should do it everywhere they can. So they may do segmentation on internal networks from a user perspective and segmentation of data on externally facing servers and data centers, and that's a good idea. I really don't think there's any correlation between the two from how many, what are your needs internally versus what your needs are going to be externally. There's no correlation about doing more in one area is going to reduce it in others. It's just a good hygiene idea to do segmentation wherever your data is. And the more they want to do it in the internal, that will drive internal business. The more they want to do external will drive the external business. But I wouldn't think of that as an either or, I think of that as both.
Mark D. McLaughlin: It is. So what you've seen us do in the past is be thoughtful, I – we think we're thoughtful. Hopefully you would agree with this, but be very thoughtful from a platform perspective that does prevention as to what should be in the platform, right? So we're not attempting to roll up the security industry just to have a lot of stuff. What we are trying to do is to make sure that when we think about the attack lifecycle and every chance we can get to interdict an attack before it can ultimately be successful across the lifecycle, can we have a very good and increasingly better and better and better prevention capability at every one of those points. And that's really the philosophy that's driven the company in our entire roadmap over last 10 years and will into the future. So we would, I'd expect, that we would have more services later as the attack landscape changes. And we'll definitely want to make sure that we are wherever the data's going to be.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Great. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining us this afternoon. I'm really excited about the future, and I'd like to thank our customers, partners and the whole Palo Alto Networks team for their hard work and support. And we look forward to seeing many of you at Analyst Day in April. Thank you.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: It is good for product gross margin. But remember, as I've highlighted in the past, whenever we come out with a new chassis or a new product, there is usually a slightly depressive effect on near-term product gross margins because we haven't achieved volume. So costs are a little bit higher than they will be on a go-forward basis. That's definitely true with the PA-7080, which was introduced a relatively short time ago. So even though we saw a very strong contribution from our higher end products, there was a slightly depressive effect until we get to scale.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Sure thing, Karl. What we're seeing is customers adopting all elements of our platform, which is very positive for us. In fact, the attach rate concept that we've introduced over the last few years is becoming less and less relevant mainly because now we have seven subscriptions that we are selling; and three of the newest ones are Traps, AutoFocus and Aperture. So with the adoption of the overall platform, we are looking at outsized billings numbers; and that's driving incremental billings. So because those subscription services are effectively deferred revenue and they become ratable revenue. We have 100% of the commissions that we are getting in period. So with the mix shift happening, that's what you're seeing. And so kind of bridging from, call it, 22% at the low end of our range to roughly 18% to 19%, the vast majority of that is commissions; and there's a little bit relative to the mix.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Well, we are seeing customers standardizing on our platform. They want to go with multi-year. The net effect of that for contract duration was actually very de minimis, just a modest uptick. If you look at the actual dollar growth from a short-term deferred revenue standpoint, short-term deferred actually grew more in terms of dollars than long-term. So we're seeing a nice pickup in both short-term and long-term. But to your broader point, customers want to standardize on the platform of choice and they want to be locking in for a number of years. That's all good for us.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Well, as we indicated in the prepared remarks, longer term, this business will generate much higher EBIT margins, as we call them operating margins here, over the longer term for sure. The dynamic that you're seeing now is given that there's more adoption of services and you have higher services billings, because of the commissions expense being hitting in period, as the revenue is coming off the balance sheet, that's going to be accretive to margins down the road. So this will be a building margin story. I think one of the most important things which you've highlighted, Michael, is we just grew free cash flow 93% year-over-year and we're basically looking at very high free cash flow margins. Many companies have a correlation, a near-term correlation between operating margin and free cash flow. If operating margins are coming down on a growth rate basis, free cash flow typically comes down. That's not the case with Palo Alto Networks. Because of our powerful hybrid SaaS model, we are actually delivering much more free cash flow than operating margin, and we feel very good about the overall growth engine in the business.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Yeah. We'll give you more color commentary on the convergence of free cash flow margin and operating margin over time. But for the foreseeable future, call it the next at least three years, there should be a pretty wide separation, positive separation, between free cash flow and operating margins. Over time, those numbers will converge because we will become more of a cash taxpayer, and that will – that plus a couple of other things will see the spread narrow. But for the foreseeable future, there should be a pretty wide spread between free cash flow and operating margin.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Yes. Yeah, so what we said was we thought it would be like a more material contributor to the overall business, and we've seen that. We've seen a record quarter for Traps in terms of billings. However, because it's a subscription-based revenue model, revenue will be coming off the balance sheet coming into the P&L. So that is more of a future growth driver for top line revenue. It's definitely been a more meaningful growth driver for billings, but it's coming off of a relatively small base. So we feel very good about the endpoint business. It helps complete our platform story. And we'll give you more color at Analyst Day about customer accounts and that sort of thing, but there's been very nice traction there.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Okay. Yeah, so because we don't guide on billings, I can just give you kind of directional commentary. It would be candidly be a surprise to us if we went backwards on billings on a sequential basis. The power of the platform, the pipeline that we have, you look at how the setup is for Q3 and Q4, even though we are in a relatively seasonally weak quarter in Q3, we are still looking for growth. And so that would be my answer. I can't give you a rule of thumb relative to where billings in revenue is. But with more subscriptions being adopted – and I'll parse that out – more being attached and then more of the three subscriptions that we are selling without being attached, there should be good growth there.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Yes, it was shy of two years last quarter. And I'd have to pull up where the year ago quarter was, but there has been – we've been calling out that there's been a modest uptick in duration. But quarter-on-quarter, we're talking it's measured by in the couple of months type of thing. So not a very big move up in duration.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: It's a combination of both. But what I can tell you is we've seen fantastic opportunity going back into our installed base, selling them more elements of the platform. They are adopting a lot more subscription services than they have in the past, both the ones that attach to the devices and in the new subscriptions. So proportionately, given the fact that we have, call it, 30,000 customers, or heading into this quarter, we've got 28,000 customers, the pie is much bigger there than the new customers that are being brought into the fold. So the expansion opportunity is definitely bigger than the new opportunity. The up-sell and cross-sell that we are able to do is a testament to our go-to-market functionality that we've put in place with Mark Anderson leading the charge there. We've been able to really put in programs to monetize the accounts.
