Mark D. McLaughlin: Hi Greg, it's Mark. Let me take those in a couple of parts. So the first thing is, I think there's no doubt that it's a challenging market right now and we're seeing that as our quarter progress, for us, we saw that play out towards the end of the quarter than the beginning of the quarter, as sentiments sort of changed beyond -- I'll call it on a big picture basis. I think you're correct. You noted that other folks have seen this as well and had some underperformance. Despite that, we grew 5% sequentially, 54% year-over-year, so we're pleased with that in light of those macro economic conditions. Particularly for us though, the areas where we saw the impact around that were really in Europe, specifically in Central and Southern Europe, and then in the fed sector, with the continued sequestration. So in those cases, we saw -- in each one of those cases, we saw a few million dollars worth of deals in each one of those sectors getting pushed, deals that we'd be select for, but getting pushed to the right and we saw that occur as the month -- as the quarter played itself out. So I think it's no doubt that it's a tough environment out there. But given all that, we're pretty pleased with where we ended up.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, so let me start with the second one, Brent, just big picture. On a competitive basis, we haven't seen any change in the competitive market except us continuing to pull ahead, and I think the results show that, our results relative to everybody else in this sector. We've done very well, particularly in a relative basis, so we're not seeing that at all, not in Europe or anywhere else. On the fed side of it, the sequestration thing is real. This is the first quarter anybody's had to live through that. And on a second half, from a second half of the year basis, I would expect that sequestration would last through at least at the end of the fiscal fed year, which is at the end of October. There's really no reason to believe at this point that that's going to change. I think that will be with us through at least that long.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Michael, so on the -- from the guide perspective, I think we have to assume that the sequestration continues, like I just said, so we'll take that into account. And then on the Europe side, I don't think there's any reason to believe right where we're sitting today that the sentiment over there is going to change in any big picture regard from what we saw, I think, particularly towards the tail end of our quarter. So we're thinking about those 2 things in particular as we look forward. So we're cautiously optimistic. The guide does provide a 5% to 8-point-something% sequential growth and 40% to 45% on a year-over-year basis, but we have taken those things into account as we look forward. I'll let Steffan take the second question.
Mark D. McLaughlin: That's a good question, Jonathan. So for the deals that we saw that got pushed to the right there in those 2 sectors, our situations where we technically won, the customer wants Palo Alto. So we're confident that ultimately, we're going to get these deals. The win is a little harder to gauge because, like I said, the sentiment hasn't changed. Or if it does change, maybe that helps us. But we would expect it, at some point, we get these deals. But it's just really hard to say whether we get in the fourth quarter, Q1. I just really can't nail that down right now.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Well, 2 separate things there. So from a pipe perspective, we've got a strong pipe as we come into the fourth quarter. We had a strong pipe coming into the third quarter as well. But we got a nice pipeline as we came into the fourth quarter. I think for us, where we particularly saw things, like we said, was in those sectors -- those 2 places in Europe and the fed space, I think there's a general matter, there's macroeconomic concern. Maybe it's stemming from those 2 sectors, not really sure. But as a general matter, it feels like there's a macro concern. But for us, that's where we particularly saw the impacts.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Service provider is a much, much smaller vertical for us than a lot of our peers in there, so we saw a little bit of softness there. But it's a rounding error in absolute dollar terms. So I'd say it was consistent with what other people saw, but it's just not nearly as impactful for us as other folks. In other places, we saw really good growth, so like in the -- not in the federal space, but in the state and local government education space, we saw very nice increase sequentially in that space. So it's really, there were puts and takes across all the verticals. But the 2 that we were impactful to us really were the Europe and fed.
Mark D. McLaughlin: We actually haven't seen much change in price environment. The things that we've said in the past is that the competition has been, for quite some time, continues to be aggressive on pricing. That's expected, I think, when we have the, we believe, the superior technology. That's a card that they can play. We've been looking at that for quite some time and have extremely high win rates against all the competition. That hasn't changed, so we didn't see any impact in that.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Ray, the answer the short answer is no. We're taking a very long view here on the business, and our goal has been and we've demonstrated the ability to grow the business way ahead of the market growth and way ahead of any of the competition. So we view this as a market share gain opportunity for us and we intend to be aggressive about that]. You have -- might have a quarter where you have some tough macro conditions and other ones there won't be that way, so we're taking a long approach on that. So we'll continue to invest, we'll invest aggressively. And as long as we're able to post significant market share gains, we'll keep on doing that.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Renewal rates in general have been very robust. From a subscription standpoint, they vary by length of time that the subscription has been out. So WildFire is our newest one obviously, and we just started selling that. But threat prevention in URL filtering have been around the longest. They have the highest attach rates and the renewals on those are very high. We haven't gotten to specifics on what the exact renewal rates are but they're very robust. And then, the renewal rates on maintenance is extremely high. You can't really have -- you can't see the position that we're in -- in customers not renewing their maintenance because you need to have access to the updates and the upgrades that come through on the support side of the house.
Mark D. McLaughlin: It is a total number. But it is incremental because it's a new facility. And we had flagged that back in October when we let everyone know that we had the facility, that we leased it. So that's not new news, it's just putting a finer point on it for you.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Gregg, we did see as the last quarter tailed off the sentiment was changing or eroding as the quarter progressed. We thought about that as we looked forward in the guide and from a month of May perspective. May is where we thought it would be right about now, sort of from a linearity perspective, so we're on track with where we thought we'd be and in line with the guide given.
Mark D. McLaughlin: What we're seeing is, is that -- well, there's a number of factors you pay attention to. They're all positive, of course. What we're seeing is, is that we're better known, and generally, and what our value proposition is, we get to see larger deals at first as opposed to smaller deals that build over time. So we get to see bigger deals, we're running bigger deals. And then with our existing customers as well, the repeat buying patterns, as I noted in the top 25, continue at an accelerating pace, which is great, which means our follow-on orders get to be bigger as they rely on us more across their enterprise.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Let me try to work through that. So first, the easiest one is there are no 10% customers in the business, so hasn't been, wasn't last quarter. So that's not a factor at all around this.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes it does. We had mentioned before, no vertical at all represents more than 13% of our business. It's a pretty well-diversified business, right? That's a general statement. The first part of your question, I'd say, specifically, what we saw in, like I said in Central and Southern Europe and then fed as well, in each of those situations, we saw a few to $4 million in each one of those deals that we push out of the quarter. So that is the majority of the impact from where we expected to be to where we landed, and that's not broader than that across the entire market for us. So as I said a little earlier, in the number of verticals, we saw very good sequential growth across verticals. We hadn't broken a lot of those down, not because they're unimportant. Just as I said there's no single vertical that represents more than 13% of the business. So there were puts and takes and a lot of verticals generally, generally strong, generally good quarter except in those 2 places.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Shebly, its Mark. So I'll take that in 3 parts, if I can. The first part is, just to make sure we're all talking about the same facts and figures, EMEA represents, in the last quarter, 23% of our revenues, so that's Europe, Middle East and Africa. What we're saying from a sales perspective, what we saw in Europe is not that percentage. We saw, like I said, about $3 million or $4 million in -- mixed between Central and Southern Europe from a sales perspective, from weaker than where we thought it would be. So I just want to put that all in context. On the federal side of our business, we said no vertical is more than 13% of our business in total. Fed for us is a high single-digit percentage revenue vertical for us, so put that in the context as well. So all that said, it's nowhere -- what you were saying, it is nowhere near 40% of revenue the way you just described it. The second thing on the sequestration in October, specifically the federal government, they're on a fiscal year that ends in October, so my guess is that we probably wouldn't see anything change in sequestration. I don't see any event that would dictate a change prior to the end of that fiscal year. It could go longer than that, but I think it would go at least until October. And then on the driver side, the drivers for us are generally -- continue to be very positive, meaning customers really like our value proposition, the differentiation of our technology. Security is a really big deal and getting to be a really deal every day of the week when you see constantly stuff going on. And cybersecurity around that all plays to our favor. So I think that the macro trends for us are very, very favorable about what we do for a living and at the time we do it.
Mark D. McLaughlin: So generally -- so look, if we back up for a minute say WildFire is meant to serve the market. It's dealing with detection and prevention of advance persistent threat, which is a very big deal today. And there's a lot of concern about that. So we think that's great, that's good opportunity for us and it's incremental opportunity for us, as people are spending on that, which kind of goes to your second question, which is, it's a little hard to tell where the budgets are coming from in there. They could be coming from antivirus, it could be coming from IPS, some of them could be new budgets. I'm not sure anybody really knows that yet other than that there's a good amount of money being spent on that today. And we're very well-positioned with WildFire, with the cloud service, a private cloud service and now an appliance as well, take after our fair share of that.
Mark D. McLaughlin: I think that's secure -- network security has been for a long time, and I think it will continue to be well into the future, a fairly discrete line item from a purchase perspective. I know, I mean -- what I'm saying is, I know there are other providers out there that are network providers that have a broader suite of services than we do, because they have networking services and network security services. The buyers of these things don't -- they don't think that way about this. And that is becoming more pronounced with the worst situation with cybersecurity and all these threats. They're coming in our networks. So I think it's a very hard sale, if you're a network service provider, to say, "take my so-so network security product because you're buying my networking gear." They're just different buyers and the level of interest around that is off the charts. You just can't get by with that anymore. You got to buy the best stuff.
Mark D. McLaughlin: No, I think -- well, a couple of things. The first is just from a technology differentiation standpoint. We've been at this for going on 7 years, so it's not new that we're doing something disruptive and fundamentally different than what everybody else is doing. I think it's also fairly obvious that none of the competition, including Check Point, has done or indicated any desire to be able to compete with us really based on the technology. So when you're in those situations, the things that you do competitively as you tend to be very concerned about keeping your existing customer base, you get very aggressive on pricing. You do things that are really kind of marketing-driven as opposed to technology and value-driven for the customer. And I believe at the end of the day, that doesn't work out for companies. Because like I said a little -- a minute ago Dan, the level of concern and anxiety over security is really high and getting higher and price doesn't get it for you anymore, right? Bundling doesn't get it for you anymore. You better just have the best network security solution to market, and that's what we think we have.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes, so we view the carrier market as really like 3 opportunities. One is to sell to the carriers as enterprises, meaning we're protecting their networks. And in that regard, we're doing very well, that's a direct sales effort, it's major account stuff. Mark and his team are very focused on doing that. And some of the investments we're making that space from a people, personnel standpoint are going towards that opportunity. The second opportunity is to have those carriers use our technology; provide them on a managed services basis. That is, 2 angles to that, one is managed services to enterprise, which we're doing well with the number of the carriers on developing technologies -- developing the roll out plans for them to use our technologies, to service enterprises that way. And the second space is the SMB market, which we're not penetrated in with the carriers yet. We believe we will be over time. There are some different products -- software things we need to do there, but that opportunity. And the third one that we view is -- they're large system and integrators in a lot of cases. And some of our largest commercial customers are using some big service providers as their systems integrators. And in those cases, we are working with those service providers because the customer has chosen us for network security. That's allowed us to start relationships with them on large-scale distribution partnerships that, over time, we think can pay dividends for us.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Okay, I got that. So yes, so generally, sale cycles for network security, in particularly the firewall can be decently long because it's a really important piece of technology and you take your time to make a decision on that]. So when we think about the addressable market, it's in the multibillion dollar range, just for firewalls, let alone network security, but that doesn't all happen at once. So there's always refresh cycles going on across this global buying base and every one of those is the opportunity for us to come and compete and win as we have been in those buying cycles. Now once we're in as well, it's very sticky, right? We know how hard it is to throw the incumbent out, and you better have really, really different disruptive technology if you're trying to do that. So once we're in the door, we know how hard it is to take us out and you can kind of get a sense of that as well from the expansion that we've seen across the customer base. So -- and the last thing I mentioned is that our largest customers continue to tell us that, like penetration levels in their accounts are maybe 10% of what we could possibly earn over time inside those accounts. So we're pretty bullish on what the opportunity here is.
Mark D. McLaughlin: It's actually -- it's gone and gone left and right, meaning that the 3000 series is right up the middle for us, so that is something that you probably see more and we are seeing more in the perimeter than you'd see in the branch office or in a data center. And as I think you and I talked about at one point, we'd said at the Analyst Day that we saw an opportunity there to put something in that point in the market which would help us upsell off of the 2000 series for folks who just had higher throughput requirements as throughput needs continue to grow at the perimeter. So that seems to be working very well.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Generally on the larger sets, again we saw just in Europe and particularly Central, Southern Europe and in the fed space, the things that we saw that added up $3 million or $4 million in each one of those across maybe like a dozen deals. So they tended to be larger in nature. I think that's not surprising given the sentiment that was changing over time. Larger purchases would be the ones that either get downsized or pushed to the right.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Thank you, I appreciate that, operator. I want to thank everybody for taking the time to be with us today and also want to reiterate my appreciation for the hard work of all the Palo Alto team and support of our customers and partners as we continue to revolutionize the enterprise network security market. We look forward to updating you all on our next quarter. Thank you.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: On the deferred revenue piece, if anything, it underscores the power of our hybrid revenue model. We've been selling lots of subscriptions, the attach rates have been going up. We've had very nice traction with WildFire. And when you look at the mix between short and long-term deferred, short-term deferred revenue grew 14.1% sequentially, long-term deferred revenue grew 20.6% sequentially. And that long-term deferred, there's no rev-rec issue in there, it's just more -- we've seen an uptick in multiyear deals, which is a big vote of confidence from our customer base who are designing us into their networks for a long period of time.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: The attach rate did increase; we're not giving specific numbers on the attach rate. We're going to be doing that on an annual basis, anchored around our Analyst Day. And at the last Analyst Day, we said it was right around 1.6 for the prior quarter. So you can expect, and I would say, it's a reasonable expectation that as we add more subscription services, like a WildFire, we should be able to see growth in that attach rate.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: One other thing, Harris is our product gross margins have increased sequentially. And that demonstrates the value of the differentiated technology that we're bringing to the table.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Last quarter, we added 85 heads with a ending headcount of 1,034. And the net additions of 85 are right in line of the range of 75 to 100, which we've been talking about. There could be fluctuations, both on the top end and the bottom end, but as a directional guide that's consistent with what we said before.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: On a higher mix of services going forward, you can see just in terms of how revenues have played out. This quarter, services as a percentage of total revenue was 40%, last quarter, it was 35.8%. I don't expect to see that type of sequential increase in the near term. The fact that we are], call it 5% to 10% penetrated in the largest accounts, we expect to be selling a lot more boxes. And so with that as a dynamic, we should see nice growth in both product and services. But with the subscriptions that we are selling, the attach rates are going up. And directionally, services as a percentage of total revenue, should be increasing, but I would just caution to say, it's not going to be increasing, it shouldn't be increasing at the same rate it did over the last quarter. And as far as future visibility on cash flows is concerned, we are seeing an uptick in the multiyear deals. All of our deals that are multi-year in nature are build upfront, the cash is collected upfront. So that will be a benefit to cash flows. We're not guiding on free cash flow or cash flow from operations, but we certainly should be seeing a benefit to cash flows. How much that is, we're not going to be getting to the specifics.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: On the multiyear deals, there is a discount for multi-year and that's kind of in line with industry practice.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: The over performance on gross margin had very little to do with being off on federal or EMEA. The over performance on gross margin was really driven by the -- both line items. When you look at the product gross margin, we had nice cost reduction and favorable product mix. And on the services side of the house, we had a benefit from higher attach rates and those were the primary drivers as a basket. And it really had nothing to do with being light in federal or Europe.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Thanks, Jonathan. This is Steffan. We expect that legal expenses will increase as we have get closer to trial. So we're largely through the discovery phase and that did come at a cost. But as we've said previously, as you approached trial, which is scheduled for February of next year, legal costs related to Juniper will be increasing.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: And let's not forget, we're growing much faster than the market and our competitors. So we're going to continue that path.
