Steffan Tomlinson: Yes. We remain committed to the low teens exiting this fiscal year and 22% to 25% exiting Q4 of 2016. And I do think it’s fair to say that we’re going to continue to balance top line growth with investing in the business.  And the incremental dollars that are being spent are primarily in our innovation engine, which is R&D and product management as well as our field marketing organization and field sales operations with a low percentage market share and very large market.  We are very much focused on taking as much share as possible but doing it profitably. So you look at operating margins and free cash flow margins, we are able to drive very healthy topline growth and increase profitability. 
Steffan Tomlinson: Yes, due to high order volume, we extended our standard shipping lead time from two weeks to up to four weeks. The reality was we're able to ship most of all the orders that came in within a two week lead time. But it was really due to high order volume. So there's no supply chain issue and we're able to satisfy all the demand.
Steffan Tomlinson: That’s a good question, Karl. We guided one quarter out. But, directionally, you can think about our fourth quarter being typically very strong, but most companies’ fiscal year-end. We can’t really get into the details around what our fourth-quarter projection is going to be relative to last year's fourth quarter. But the way that the organization is set up where we are positioned for growth and the way the sales cycles work, at the end of the fiscal year, lots of people are in sales accelerator say, and you would typically see an increase in sales productivity and deal closure etcetera. So that's about all I can get into in terms of the fourth quarter.
Steffan Tomlinson: So, on that front, what I've picked up around the competitive space is, a lot of folks are spending more in sales and marketing in order to try to get into the enterprise. Where you have historically companies who have been focused on the SMB or telco, trying to get into high-end enterprise so they’re building out their sales forces.  We believe that it starts with the differentiated product. So we have the best platform out there. And when you – when we start with that product and that platform, we've been building to scale under Mark Anderson's leadership the worldwide field operations that we're already at, call it, 45% of revenues for sales and marketing.  And over time, we're going to be getting leverage over that, but there's not some big reinvestment plan that we need to make in order to get the incremental growth. And additionally, if you think about this, the productivity of the sales force, we're going to have more ramped sales people than ramping sales people, very soon. And that increases the overall capacity that we're bringing into the model. So we don't envision any derailment from our track right now. 
Steffan Tomlinson: Well, we’re seeing more invitations to play in the data center market, and we see that in a couple of different ways. The first is just organically where with the 7050 we’re getting brought in but also with our partnership with VMware. We added a great use case where there was NSX, VM for NSX feel that was out there, we ended up selling not only the VM series for that engagement but we also sold the 7050 to protect the north-south traffic for that data center and that’s just one example of a number that we are working on where the 7050 is increasing our overall wall share for the overall data center market.
Steffan Tomlinson: Since we price in U.S. dollars, we don't really see any material shipped for the revenue. Where we do see a little bit of a benefit is as the dollar strengthens, we pay our foreign locations salaries, benefits and expenses in local currency. So that does help have a modest benefit. But outside of that, the real top line risk isn't there, because we do price in USD. 
Steffan Tomlinson: Well, yes, deferred seasonality would most likely trend towards what the revenue seasonality is. So Q2 and Q4, you would see – if those are the quarters in which we would see the most pronounced strength, then the subsequent quarter you would basically see deferred go up as well. I’d give you that as color commentary.  I can also say that both long-term and short term deferred revenue have also been growing just very well. And so we see a nice balance between customers who are signing up for a one-year deal but we are seeing proportionally more customers signing up for multi-year deals as well. And some of those multi-year deals tend to be skewed to our fiscal Q4. So you should definitely see some seasonality there. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, good question, Melissa. Yes, so the feedback has been very positive. It’s interesting. And I think it also drives optimism for us in this business when we're talking to customers about this and saying this is what Traps does. It actually does real-time exploit prevention. That’s such a disruptive concept that sometimes you have to explain to them twice. And then show demo. But when they see it, the reaction is wow. That’s pretty disruptive technology and a big step forward.  And the second part of your question, we are taking business from competition and some of these deals. Some folks are buying to run side-by-side with their existing vendors. And some of these cases including a seven-figure deal that I discussed with the prepared script, we took that from a legacy vendor in a competitive win.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Good question, Raimo. This is Mark. So on the Check Point; we've been displacing Check Point for a very long time at good rates. So when you look at this quarter, well over 1,500 new customers for the quarter, last quarter 2,000. It's very, very hard to post those kinds of numbers from new logos if you're not adding everybody in the market be a donor to the pile up across. And Check Point donates quite a bit to us. And that is increasing over time I think as we become the industry standard there. I think that’s what's really happening as we continue to take this many customers and build a lot more relevance in the market, a lot more awareness in the market on a global basis.  And on your spend question, spending seems very healthy right now from a security perspective. Really no reason to believe that that’s going to change any time in the future. And particularly if you've got the enterprise class platform that solves a lot of customer hardest problems, we think we’re the big beneficiary of that.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Sure, Phil. Let me take those in reverse. So the attach rates for all our services are doing well. They’re all increasing. So that’s the trend that’s been continuing for quite some time, including WildFire, which is growing at a very fast pace. And if you come to Ignite, you’ll get some more detail around those things. On WildFire itself, everybody in the market from a network security perspective has some sort of APT offering in the space today. But from who we see in the market, we primarily see FireEye in the market. And we continue to win business where they don’t exist. We continue to win business where people put us side by side and ultimately choose our platform over a standalone product approach. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Drew, we are doing very well in both regards. With well over 1500 new customers in the quarter we are seen nice win rates for new locals as they come in the door and having WildFire is the most advanced APT detection prevention capability baked into the platform, allows our sales team tell a great story for new local acquisition because we're able to talk about something that’s very important for all companies, which is advanced prescription [indiscernible] and malwares, so it’s good to have that as lead for somebody who is not yet using Palo Alto Networks.  With the existing customer base, we see very good adoption there as well because if you are only using a good portion of the platform, our story is what more customers are experiencing is the more platform you use the better you are from a protection, prevention prospective and WildFire is a very strong aspect of that. So we see a lot of demand from our existing customer base as well. So I want to add that portion of prevention into the platform I am already on. So both the cylinders are firing very well. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. We’re seeing a lot of interest in the existing customer base, not surprisingly. So the question I answered a little while ago, I said the power of the platform is that the more of the platform you use, the better security you’d get and usually at a better total cost of ownership.  Traps with its integration of WildFire is a very compelling part of that story. So our existing customer base, particularly those people who were using WildFire already, are very enticed by what that brings to bear for their security posture. So we’re getting very positive feedback from the existing customer base.  Also, even though this is in the future for us as far as putting up the numbers against it, the ability to talk to customers who don’t own any Palo Alto Networks yet at all and just talking to them about Traps is another entry point for us as well. And, of course, we’re telling that story to our as yet signed on customers that you should just look at Traps, if you have an endpoint need, and then that can drive the adoption of more of our platform later to. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, great question, Matt. So about a year ago Westcon did a little over 30 countries and today we are a little more than double that number. So in that last 12 months timeframe we increased that by 100%, which is important because with that relationship, the number of resellers under that umbrella has gone up very dramatically as well so just our distribution -- I mean the reseller capability below the distribution has grown a lot over the last 12 months and we are very pleased with that. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Dan, I think that we're seeing is that there's certainly a large and growing amount of attention at the Board level, the highest levels in companies in boards on these – the threats. What we’re actually seeing below that though is good spending, as you can see in the market in general, in order to try to solve those things.  But as far as that’s working out at the buyers, we're seeing more thoughtful and strategic purchases. Meaning that we're finding folks who are stepping back and saying, we want to think about something that is going to be very valuable for us for three to five years, not just the latest or that just came out last week.  We tend to do very well in that kind of environment, because we come in with solutions architects. We get to show them an architectural standard for security that covers all of their enterprise at every point of the kill chain, and how that can provide a very strong dose of prevention and that is resonating extremely well in the market.
Mark McLaughlin: I think, generally, the government recognizes, like all organizations, they need to be at the forefront of cyber security. It’s not so much an inflection point in terms of acceptance of what has to happen from a technology perspective. I think it has a lot to do with budget. So if you recall, the fiscal 2015 budget for the government was a very tough one. It was kind of going into fiscal 2015 they were coming off of a lot of a belt tightening just generally in the government.  So I would just expect that the fiscal 2016 budget is actually just going to be a better budget. There is going to be more money in the budget in fiscal 2016 than there was in fiscal 2015. That’s a good thing for providers. And if you’re a provider like us who has got a really good solution for the government who needs to be at the very front of this, we think that bodes well. 
Mark McLaughlin: Well, our view is that what you’re trying to accomplish under there or should be trying to be accomplish is not only great detection but a very, very strong level of prevention, and that’s got to be across the entire enterprise. Right.  So in order to do that, you need to be able to see the traffic everywhere, whether it’s mobile or data center. It doesn’t really matter. Right. And if you can’t see all that traffic and meaning you’re not in line, then you’re going to have a very, very difficult time doing anything from a security perspective, whether it’s APT or anything else.  So that’s the view that’s driven the importance of being in the – I call it – the architecturally favored position of being the firewall in the first place because the firewall is generally the only security device that is going to see all traffic in or out of the network. And if it’s off with a mobile device and you VPN it into your traffic flow, then you are going to supply the network security policies to that traffic regardless of what the device is coming off of which is exactly what recommend folks too and that’s what Global protect us for example. So I would completely agree with the statement that you have to see all of traffic in order to secure it and that you're going to be unable to do that unless you are in the firewall position. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, I think that as we've seen folks at the highest levels being paid more attention which I mentioned earlier, which is called, what is the security architecture? And more and more, we're the ones being invited in that conversation to say how should I think about this big picture across the board, top to bottom from an enterprise perspective as opposed to thinking about the point product or it’s time to refresh this product or refresh this product. And as a platform provider for prevention in that’s great for us because we have the ultimate answer for that for folks there in the market and it is resonating very well. 
Mark McLaughlin: We like Europe. It’s good market. You may recall last quarter we grew a little over 60% year-over-year in Europe and then we grow 60% sequentially after that, so that’s – we like those numbers. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Gur. Yes, a couple of angles on that. The first is that, I agree with you, there's a lot of noise in the market on the endpoint side. The reason for that is it's becoming evident that the endpoints are very important from a solution perspective in order to secure an enterprise, right? Because it is the wild west in the end points. And the first thing we see for sure is customers recognizing that the legacy AB technologies are incapable of doing that, right?  The second thing is the rush of lots other players in the market say, well, we're going to fix that for you. Fixing it actually requires doing prevention. Right? That’s – at the end of the day, that’s what you have to do in order to have a good fix there. And we think that our approach with TRAPS and the customer feedback we're getting, as I mentioned a little earlier, is they agree with us that it actually does prevention at the end point and because of that it's very compelling. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Jonathan. So what we look at is we definitely see a refresh going on in our earlier cohorts. The first’s really measurable ones for us, so our 2009 and 2010 by numbers. So we’re seeing refreshes occurring there. To put that in perspective, the combined customer base for 2009 and 2010 is less than 2,000 customers. We’ve got over 22,000 customers now. So we continue to see refreshes into those larger cohorts, which we would expect to. That’s the tailwind. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. We think of it in two regards. The first is that you definitely want to have relevance in the sense of there is a changing environment in the data center. It’s not just north-south. It’s got to be east-west.  So the first thing is can you adequately represent yourself in that conversation back to the strategic architectures and say, “I have you covered not only north-south but east-west as well.” We definitely have north-south covered, and we are uniquely integrated and working closely with VMware the east-west. And when we show that to customers and how tight that integration is and provide the same level of protections in north-south, they are very, very impressed with that.  And we can see that playing out through the numbers. NSX is selling very well, as you may have seen from VMware’s results. And as a result of that, we’re getting pulled into lots and lots and lots of conversations with customers that’s resulting in deals. And we have well over 300 POCs going right now, as an example with VMware customers. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. We’re seeing our relevance continue to grow in the market and particularly with the larger companies that they’re making larger purchases with us. So these are our largest customers, right? And then they continue to make larger purchases. And also we are seeing some customers on their first purchase, just right onto the top 25 list. So it’s a mix of those two things that’s driving that number up to the right. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, relative to one or two years ago up for durations, they are basically in the same zip code relatively. They are up modestly. But there hasn’t been any real -- change in terms of duration. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Jeff, good questions. Let me take those in reverse. So what I was saying in the prepared remarks in the security market is that the IT paradigm shift which is security becoming what I am calling fabric to all technology decisions that are being made by organizations, governments and companies. And that’s the result of all these attacks we're seeing and incredibly evident fact that the legacy technology cannot withstand that. Right. So I think that paradigm shift of that security fabric and will remain that way for quite some time. As the point I was trying to make is, that’s not it going to abate overtime. I think that’s going to continue to grow overtime.  And on your first question, on service provider market, we like that market a lot. We do very well in that market. As I’ve said before, we view that market a couple of – three different ways from an opportunity perspective. The area where we're doing very well right now is selling two service providers for using technology in their own networks. The 7050 as an example, has been a great boon for us there, because those are big networks, lots of throughput, lots of data center usage and we're seeing very strong demand in service provider industry for that. 
Mark McLaughlin: Okay, great. There's one thing we never forget is that we're doing well in the market and Traps has been as successful as we have, because we've been very innovative and very disruptive. So we start everything with that. And as you solve that, we put a lot of time and effort, people, resources, into innovation and I think our track record is pretty good on that.  We have a number of things so if you just think back in the last 12 months what we've done around Traps, around the PA-3060, improvement to WildFire and we're going to continue to innovate as we go forward as we always have done every single year. If you come to Ignite we'll talk to you a little bit about that as well. So I feel very good about the level of innovation, our track record on delivering that and the pace in which we’re rolling out. 
Mark McLaughlin: Great. Well, thanks, everybody, for being on the call this afternoon. We appreciate it. We had a great first half of our fiscal 2015, and we’re very excited about the second half of the year and beyond. As I said earlier, I think, we’re in the right place at the right time in the market with a market-leading protection and prevention platform.  I, once again, thank Palo Alto Networks’ team for all their hard work and their support for our customers and partners, as we continue our march to become the global leader in enterprise security. Thank you very much. 
