Mark McLaughlin: Andy, it is Mark. Good question, yes, we're seeing across the board an increase in encrypted traffic, that's been the case for quite some time actually, it's not uncommon for us to see in a customer environment north of 35% - 40% of all traffic being encrypted these days just simply because the bad guys know that the legacy technology is not going to be able to decrypt it or if it can, it can't do it fast enough to have traffic continue to be, in essence of the real-time aspect it has to be. So we've been continuously trying to improve the capabilities there. Every release we've done has improved SSL decryption throughput. The release of the new hardware has about 20 times your performance which is fantastic and the 8.1 software also has capabilities in it as well to help with throughput and performance. As you know, I think for our operating system we don't charge extra for that, so those are features and functionality that go into the software just to make us better and better and better all the time. So we hopefully will continue to be sticky. And then the last point of the question as far as upgrades and refresh capabilities, yes, anything that has an opportunity for us to speak with customers about new use cases is a great opportunity as well for refresh and upgrade and expansion.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure. Just briefly the one we launched is called magnifier, and that came to us through the LightCyber acquisition last year. So we're super happy to see that go live. Basically, LightCyber has a fantastic behavior analytics capability. It formerly would be something that you would have to plug in as another piece of hardware, it’s somewhere in your environment. So we've taken the algorithm out and made it the application. So it's a SaaS application in the application framework, and that's the theory behind the application framework in a lot of cases. Third party-wise working about 30 companies right now to get their applications live and we expect that to happen in the coming months here. We're excited about that and just stay tuned as we progress through there. In the Spring, you’ll hear more about that. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Michael, yes, we had a good quarter across the board on the entire platform, it is really -- we’re really pleased to see the market coming to the platform for all three of the evolutions that we had driven and obviously product is performing very well indeed. So we are super happy to see that. As we said coming into the year that on the refresh side that's a net positive for the company, and we expect that to continue to be the case, but it wouldn't be the primary driver for hardware in the year, and that is still the case. So we're seeing the over performance being driven from new customer acquisition, you can see it's really high in expansion business as well. Refresh is going very well lately, but it’s still not the major driver for the business. So we think that's something that is in front of us which will be great.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Our service provider business is doing very well for us. Last quarter, we had said that on the hardware side we had seen some over performance on hardware dollars associated specifically with what's called NBC cards, those are slot cards you put into the chassis and we saw more than usual. This quarter was nothing unique in that regard. So back to kind of normal run rates we see along that. So that's what we talked about last quarter for some of the hardware over performance, but the service provider business in general is doing well for us and continues to grow. We expect that to keep going as we said every time we do a release whether it’s hardware or software, we've been adding more features and functionalities to make us continually more attractive for service providers.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. That's a great question, Matt. We are absolutely selling the value proposition of the entire platform which has all those three evolutions go into an automation, orchestration and consistency and now entirely new consumption model with the application framework. And I mentioned that because that allows us from a pricing perspective to be on the one hand very competitive, but also on the other hand to be able to not have to sell two prices as many, many of our competitors continue to do. So is this example in this quarter that we saw a discounting improve again sequentially in year-over-year. We've seen that for number of quarters now which is fantastic. Our team I think is done a great job of selling to value and selling to the strategic nature of the platform.
Mark McLaughlin: Great, okay, thanks. Yes, well thanks for noticing. Yes, we continue to perform very well in the market we think and we are growing it outside rate relative to the competition and its scale a couple billion dollars. Its size right now so that's not insignificant and I think that's due to the fact that the platform approach we've taken is really resonating with customers. A lot of security vendors all sound and same when they talk about automation and integration and vendor reduction things along those lines, but what we found and we found it to be a competitive advantage for us is the architecture really matters, so we can sit with customer and say this is how we've done it over time . We have a very high degree of confidence because we primarily built most of ourselves that it actually works together, does drive that automation it, does drive their orchestration and increasingly at scale you can see the consistency from network to cloud endpoints as well. It's really resonating with the customers and I think that's showing through with the results.
Mark McLaughlin: Not, doesn't appear to be the case now and yes I think anytime we have more different or new operating systems and new hardware that gives a great reason to talk to customers and hopefully get them to upgrade things along the lines, but those two things particularly I wouldn't call that, yes.
Mark McLaughlin: No, Sterling. There is a very minimal FX inside of here and then we priced in US dollars and then on the duration side duration has been very steady for about --it's very steadied about three years for quite some time now.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure. So at the Analyst Day we talked about a $140 million run rate now as the Q4 billing run rate and today we gave you the Q2 billings run rate. So we are trying to do the apples-to-apples along that. You can see it's growing very nicely. It starting contributing pretty well as close to getting to be like nine percentage or ten percentage of total Billings contribution overall, which is great. You can also considering if you strip it out the other portions growing it close to 20% in size of billings as well 9 times bigger. So I think the whole platform is selling very well and as far as which driving they're non-attached, a lot of the capabilities are very good in and of themselves. And I think customers are increasingly realizing the value of the consistency aspect of being able to have the same security outcomes and network cloud endpoints. And then just to make that even better we put the application framework on top of that, and said for all those things that you're deploying from top of the network so you've got consistency, we're going to drive even more value over the top for every dollar you spend with us down there.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. $15 million, sorry at 90%, right. So you add those together, Sterling, so we had $140 million plus $15 million and at auto $155 million blended mix of somewhere between 85% and 90% and now we've put those together into $240 million growing it over 85%. 
Mark McLaughlin: Sure. Thanks Catherine. We've been at cloud security now for over five years in the second evolution which I talked a lot about in the script which is making sure we have that consistency. So when we're talking about cloud security there's a number of aspects inside of there about delivering security from the cloud, using cloud as a third party infrastructure, as well and making sure we can secure that for folks and also making sure that we can provide the same seamless security and third party SaaS applications as well. You kind of think about the approach we've taken, we've been very native with third party providers like AWS and Azure. And now you may have noticed we just announced support for the Google Cloud platform which I talked about in the script as well. So we have all the major platforms covered and inside all this platforms, we think in a very native approach to not only protect I call the networking aspect so that would be M Series but also protecting the hosts we just announced Traps for Linux which is very Linux which is very important in cloud environments, and then also with on an API basis with Aperture for both SaaS and public cloud as well. So increasing things like visibility, compliance and storage security. So we're making a lot of progress at that. You may have also heard me talk about an addition having security competency with AWS, we are the only security of energy at networking competency as well which is kind of interesting because when some security vendors try to go to the cloud they want to just virtualize something. You can take into the cloud as opposed to working very natively with the cloud providers and really using their tools and capabilities as well so that we can do lots of creative things along with them like order scaling and load balancing that really take advantage of their network capabilities as well. So lots and lots going on there we think the cloud is super important. Customers are talking about the cloud for sure, some of them are moving rapidly in that direction and we're absolutely in front of all that we believe with it with the customer base and increasingly thought us thought leaders there and also the technology leaders as well.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure. Well, I don't think it's going to change much in the back half of they year, Ken. This is Mark by the way there's really three drivers in there, and I order in this direction the first is expansion opportunities in the customer base, that's simply a magnitude statement when you have this large customer bases we have, and they continue to buy from us along the way for their needs and use cases. That's going to drive a lot of business. And we have new customer acquisition as well. You can see we just put up another close another 3,000 net customers so that's very helpful as well. And then a third is the refresh opportunity which continues to grow over time. And of course adding more customers helps at in the long term. I don't see that changing the rest of the fiscal year there.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. It's a great question. So on the gross -- on product gross margin side, there's really two dynamics at play here. So we have the product gross margins on the new hardware itself right, and then we have the mix of the new hardware in the total hardware mix. So the product gross margin declines we've seen for the last few quarters are due to the mix increase of the new hardware. So let me let me break that down for just a second for you. So when we launched new products last year, we're going to naturally start off with lower margins on them and then they're going to improve over time. Now we've seen along the way higher memory and component costs, but even with that dynamic in play we've continued to have modest improvements each quarter since we release the new hardware. And we expect that's going to continue, but at the same time that's kind of be an offset with the mix of the newer of all the hardware, still having more and more new hardware as well, so the mixes will drag down the product risk margins along the way. So we're sitting here at the mid-year with an increased product guide, another great set of new hardware, we just put on a market last week and some headwinds on component pricing so we're expecting that we're going to see the same this mix dynamics to continue throughout the at the end of the year, but we expect the total gross margins to be basically in a zip code where we are today and then of course as you can see we're continuing to manage the business that we didn't get continued operating leverage.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. I think of the kind of both ways John. So as we said in the past if you or the way we think about it with customers is customers are going to have various use cases that you're trying to solve for overtime and then these use cases have different price performance requirements, if you want to be competitive in the market right. So if I laid out all the hardware capabilities and Panorama M series, I should throw in there as well, so laid them out in the table where these kind of get left to right you know smaller form factors and throughput all the way up there really big ones, and then what we've been doing is filling it in every year right along the way of putting more and more capabilities in there or form factors in there at the right price performance or the use cases, and that of course then makes us more competitive. So the competitors can't come in over top or underneath us from a pricing perspective with throughout. So that's what we would expect that we continue to into the futures just make sure that we're always solving for that. Those don't stand still the SSL decryption needs for example, as those go up over time, that's going to drive up throughput, so we want to make sure we got the right throughput capabilities there.
Mark McLaughlin: I think well I'm not sure there's -- I am not sure exactly the questions. Let me try to answer what I think it is though but you know with when customers are purchasing from us or starting out with us right on purchases if you look at the lifetime value creation over time, it takes time to get maximum lifetime value creation which by the way is not standing still, right. So when you go into the mix of what customers are buying from us over time with hardware services with attached, non-attached services and then they're going to lap over, they're going to renew their support, they renew subscriptions because a chance to sell more stuff the lifetime value I think naturally grows over time with our customers. 
Mark McLaughlin: Sure. Hey, Bob, it's Mark. I'll take those in reverse and as far as we see, we see everybody a lot primarily we're going to see -- we're going to see the legacy incumbent folks in there who are providing AV protection and our best and doing a good job in taking them out. And then we see a lot of next-gen folks and there as well next-gen import providers who are also trying to do the same thing. And in your first question, it's a mix. Sometimes we get to be the -- we get to be the only provider when we're done. Other times we may be run as a complement or sometime because you have to think of endpoints as suites as well because there's other capabilities endpoints that we don't have like the LP full-on TLPK capabilities for example so that we continue to run different endpoints providers, but not specifically for the security functions we've got.
Mark McLaughlin: Renewals have been very consistent for quite some time on a steady range it's not really changed. So it's been pretty consistent the overall renewals as heard us say about three years. 
Mark McLaughlin: I am sorry Rob, just to be clear, the overall duration is about three years and inside of that for renewal durations those have been in a steady range for quite some time inside of that number, yes. 
Mark McLaughlin: Sure, great. Yes, so on the questions really about the PA820R which is the ruggedized version of PA820 which is a great opportunity for us. A lot of our customers which are in environments where it would we consider these not just IT capabilities but OT capabilities, ICS state environments, harsh environments, where the line is blurring between IT and OT, they want to have the same capabilities that Palo Alto Networks provides, but they want them in those harsh environments and number of folks asked us when you ruggedized 220 because that's a great form factor for oil rigs for example in different places it might be you know utility substations and things along those lines. So they actually should have been doing that kind of themselves with different contract manufacturers or ruggedized equipment for us. So we said well we can do that so that was the impetus to launch the PA820. Now what that does for us is with customers who already like our capabilities, it gives us whole new outlets of where to install this hardware because it can now go into those environments or require those ruggedized capabilities. Kathy, I'll let you take over the next part of it. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, and logging service as well so some of the new services that were brought to market are a good amount of infrastructure and back end like logging for example that's not an expensive to do that.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. We are expecting in our guide we gave for the second half year as well that there will be continued productivity improvements.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. We take a very traditional approach that Jonathan, but really looking at three possible uses of capital. The first and most important in our opinion would be to invest back into business assuming we can get the right rate of returns on that. We invest very nicely into business as you can see involves continuing to drive leverage and capturing market share along the way to do that so we feel like that's working out for us. The second priority would be if we see technology capabilities in the market that we like that we think could help accelerate the evolutions that we've been driving for some time. We've demonstrated the ability to go to market and do some M&A to do that and could be the case in the future for us. And then the third is if we are not doing the first two, we've also demonstrated the ability to return by the shareholders primarily through stock repurchases while maintaining a good healthy balance sheet for any offerings. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. And that's a great question, and really appreciate the fact that you took note that it Analyst Day because we're really a data driven company here. So lots of mathematicians running around and including in the marketing department as well as their CIO organization, which are using and harnessing the same kind of AI machine learning capabilities that you are coming through our product sets. So the number of the things that we talked about at Analyst Day that our tools for our sales team to use like things called quota crusher for example, and the deal doctor those are using AI capabilities to tell our sales rep what is the next thing you should do with this customer or recommend for example or if you want to maximize your earnings this is how do you how to do that. And those are being very heavily used by our team as well as our partners at the better and better effect. So as we continue to train those tools they get better so again going back to the last question that just came up in productivity, I would definitely put some of the productivity growth that we're seeing from the sales team in this bucket which has given them fantastic tools to use in order to grow the productivity.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Saket, you may have heard in the past you know we talked about the VM Series historically a long time ahead like the two flavors are perpetual, right and non-perpetual. And the perpetual piece would go into product that's pretty much going on like. It's just almost nothing there, so every time you here's talk about the VM-series it's going to go into a ratable line for us. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. It's -- I think it's definitely helping their overall business across the board. And as far as the conversation with customers a 100% of time and I'm not exaggerating on that I've briefed hundreds and hundreds of customers as Mark has well, we hear the same thing which is them saying we have this seemingly insurmountable challenge, which is how do we harness new innovation which we know has to come. We know no one company can do it but we can't operationalize it because we can't run one more thing right. So this application framework sounds like you figured out how to solve this problem substantially for us. So we  Hope you get this right, and that's very consistent. Now this afternoon, we know we're trying to sell something this afternoon, it really goes back to the second evolution on consistency, which we're doing a great job at for each of the capabilities, the consistency of security and now we've just given the customer a really powerful reason if they're going to think about us versus that endpoint provider, that firewall provider or that cloud provider why you go with Palo Alto Networks in order to future-proof your investment, which is now they're going to put the application on top of. So if I buy their firewall today, their endpoint today, their end today their cash capability today, they're going to continue to bring more innovation to that purchase and make that purchase more valuable for me for every dollar I spend with them when I deploy them that way. So it's been very, very positive. I think that's really helping us in the market.
Mark McLaughlin: Now we see that -- we we've seen everything go in many directions Melissa. We kind of see it's the cloud side of the business, it grow at VM series, the hardware side it grows -- it's is growing as well, but back to this consistency thing if we get a chance to do something for customer they're more often not or going to use this in these - in the environment everywhere. So we gave an example in a car that was kind of interesting about a customer who was a large company that new to us as a customer never want anything, first thing they bought was in the AWS marketplace for VM series, and then over time after we saw them there we contacted and said, how are you doing lead gen for us. And we just closed the seven-figure deal with them on front right because people are living these hybrids -- worlds in hybrid environments. You kind of see it going in the physical, physical of VM; people are going to operate these hybrid environments for quite some time. We think it's been beneficial for us. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. I think a better way to think about it so is not so much the size of things it's really about what goes into them from a component perspective. It's and there's a mix of components and all these things right. They don't -- they're not all the same across all the devices either. Though it's not just about like a small thing versus a big thing, usually, and I see this in case, newer things right will have lower product gross margins than things that are much more mature over time because we continue to drive economies scale, the components your pricing improves over time things along those lines. So I think about it that way and the mix comment I was making was as the mix of our hardware is goes more to the newer things that we've developed, and we can see we are although performing very nicely on a hardware side, that's positive for the business of course, it's got some short-term impacts on the product gross margins because that mix is larger inside there. Even though we're continuing to improve the gross margins on those products, every single quarter as well.
Mark McLaughlin: Thanks operator. Appreciate that we're going to thank everybody for your time this afternoon and I know we're going to see many of you over the coming weeks. Look forward to that. Hope everybody has a great evening and thanks so much for joining us on call today.
Mark Anderson: Yes, I am in. GDPR I think or any other phenomena that drives awareness for companies to build better security defenses. There's a good thing for us because it allows us to get in front of people that have budget and show how differentiated we are from our competitors. So I think we've got a good talk track on GDPR and more importantly it's backed up with the supreme, supremely better security. In terms of attaching it to deals I think, I think we've been I think considered in Europe the thought leader for security for a couple of years now. And I think more than anything else just the awareness that customers have about what we can do for them as ramped as we built out a very nice team and great partner covers there.
Mark Anderson: And if I could just add I think you're comparing the just a vast amount of innovation that our engineering team is cranked out in the last year. If you just think about the new products, new services, new capabilities, the new features and the two new versions of operating system that come out, it really does separate us from anybody else.
Mark Anderson: I just add one thing there Catherine. It's Mark here. The go-to-market relationships that we have with all three of these large public cloud vendors is really strong, they're becoming very important distribution partners for us.
Mark Anderson: Hey, Jonathan. Mark Anderson here. Thanks for the question. Yes, so I think on the salesforce rework that we started working about a year ago I think I got really compliment Dave Peranich for doing a terrific job of restructuring and getting the right butts and seats to focus on the right customers and clearly driving the right outcomes. From a productivity standpoint, very happy with the productivity improvements that we've seen. We talked about that in Analyst Day and we still see it will continued improvements there. I think with all the new services and the new products that we have we've got more arrows in the quiver for the sales reps and out there and I think we're optimistic in being able to see improvements there.
Kathy Bonanno: And just a point of clarification there 140 was for our cloud and end point which we broke out separately in our Analyst Day presentation .And the number that we provided today included auto focus which was a separate category at Analyst Day. 
Kathy Bonanno: Yes, thanks. We are definitely investing in our application framework as we look to deliver more cloud delivered services. Obviously, that requires a bit of infrastructure investment. And so the $100 million CapEx number that we've provided as full-year guidance in fiscal 2018 definitely includes an investment in that infrastructure. And I think we would expect that to be ongoing and continue as we build out the application framework.
Kathy Bonanno: Well, the VM series is really should not change the categorization of where we put revenue one way or the other.
Kathy Bonanno: Yes. That's right. We do have NOLs and we don't expect to be a cash taxpayer or a significant cash taxpayer for the next four years or so. We mentioned at Analyst Day that we expect to pay about $10 million to $25 million per year over the next four-ish years and that doesn't change with the new tax law because of the NOLs essentially.
