Walter Pritchard: Good day, everyone, and welcome to Palo Alto Networks Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Walter Pritchard, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Please note that this call is being recorded today, Friday, August 18, 2023 at 1:30 Pacific Time. With me on today's call to discuss fourth quarter results are Nikesh Arora, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dipak Golechha, our Chief Financial Officer. Following the Q4 session, we will take questions on our results in the 2024 guidance with Lee Klarich, our Chief Product Officer, also joining us. We will then continue with the forward-looking portion of our program. For this, Lee, along with several of his product leaders and BJ Jenkins, our President BJ Jenkins, our President, will present along with Dipak and Nikesh with additional Q&A session to follow. You can find the press release and other information to supplement today's discussion on our website at investors.paloaltonetworks.com. While there, please click on the link for Events & Presentations to find the fourth quarter 2023 earnings presentation and supplemental information. Following the event, we will post the full set of slides, including the forward-looking portion of our program. During the course of today's call, we will make forward-looking statements and projections regarding the company's business operations and financial performance. These statements made today are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements. Please review our press release and recent SEC filings for a description of these risks and uncertainties. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in the presentations today. We will also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered as a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. The most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations are in the press release and the appendix of the investor presentation. Unless specifically noted otherwise, all results and comparisons are on a fiscal year-over-year basis. We also note that management is participating in the Goldman Sachs Conference on September 7. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Nikesh.
Walter Pritchard: Thanks Matt. Next question will be from Saket Kalia of Barclays with Brad Zelnick from Deutsche Bank on deck. Go ahead, Saket.
Walter Pritchard: Sorry to skip you Rob. We're going to go back to Rob Owens at Piper Sandler and then go to Brad Zelnick at Deutsche Bank. Go ahead, Rob.
Walter Pritchard: Thanks Rob. We're going to take our last question in this segment from Brad Zelnick at Deutsche Bank. The IR team is available to take questions offline, and we will return at the end of this program to take more questions from you all. Go ahead, Brad.
Walter Pritchard: Thanks, Brad. Thanks, everybody, for your questions. We will come back at the end to do more. We're now going to move to the forward-looking portion of our program and talk about our medium-term update. And with that, I'll pass it back over to Nikesh.
Walter Pritchard: We'll now take questions on the entire program. We're going to start first with Hamza Fodderwala from Morgan Stanley and go next to Andrew Nowinski from Wells Fargo. Hamza, please go ahead.
Walter Pritchard: Thank you. Next we're going go to Andrew Nowinski from Wells Fargo with Brian Essex from JPMorgan after that. Go ahead, Andrew.
Walter Pritchard: Great. Thanks, Andy. Next question is from Brian Essex at JPMorgan followed by - Jonathan Ho at William Blair. Go ahead, Brian.
Walter Pritchard: Thanks, Brian. Next is Jonathan Ho from William Blair. And after that, we're going to have Gabriela Borges from Goldman Sachs. Go ahead, Jonathan.
Walter Pritchard: Great. Thank you, Jonathan. Next, we're going to go to Gabriela Borges from Goldman Sachs. And after that, Roger Boyd from UBS. Go ahead, Gabriela, with your question.
Walter Pritchard: Great. Thanks. Next question is going to come from Roger Boyd at UBS, followed by Patrick Colville from Scotiabank. Roger, go ahead with your question.
Walter Pritchard: Great. Thank you, Roger. Next question from Patrick Colville at Scotiabank followed by Michael Turits at KeyBanc. Go ahead, Patrick. Patrick, are you on? All right. We're going to go to Michael Turits at KeyBanc and will be followed by Tal Liani at Bank of America. Go ahead, Michael.
Walter Pritchard: All right. Thanks, Michael, for your question. We're actually going to go back to Patrick Colville, who I understand is now connected from Scotiabank, and then we'll go to Tal Liani from Bank of America. Patrick, go ahead.
Walter Pritchard: Next question from Tal Liani at Bank of America, followed by Joe Gallo at Jefferies. Tal, go ahead with your question.
Walter Pritchard: Great. Thank you. Next up, we have Joe Gallo from Jefferies. And our final question will come from Adam Borg at Stifel. Go ahead, Joe.
Walter Pritchard: All right. Thanks, Adam, for your question. With that, we're going to close it out, and I'm going to pass it back to Nikesh for some closing remarks.
Nikesh Arora: I think as I said, and as Dipak elaborated, look, it's -- interest rates are higher. CFOs are scrutinizing deals, which means you have to be better prepared to answer their question and show the business value that you bring to them with your cybersecurity products. We are lucky that we have been focusing on our platform strategy. So we can usually walk in and say, here, you can consolidate the following five, it doesn't cost you anymore, but you get a better outcome and you get a modernized security infrastructure. So from that perspective, that strategy of ours is resonating. But there is more scrutiny. There are deals that go through multiple levels. There are some that get pushed. There are some that get canceled. And again, you just have to get more on the top of the funnel. And as Dipak very clearly highlighted that eventually end up and there's a conversation about saying, wait, I used to pay you upfront. And I need to understand the cost of money. And is there a way, either my cost has to be lower from you, so I can sort of account for the cost of money or you've going to allow me to pay you later. From a deferred plan perspective, those are really the two effects. And I think the biggest -- and if I summarize Q4 for us, great execution. There's a lot of demand out there, and the two things which are -- were different is: one, we saw the hardware cycle start to normalize much faster and, not like we told you so, but we've been very consistent. I think one of you guys actually was kind enough to cut and paste every time we talked about hardware into their note. We've been very consistent that we think underlying hardware grows at single digits, low single -- low to mid-single digits. So we've seen that main reversion. Other than that, honestly, we've just got to go out there and get more stricter on execution. That's the outcome from a macro perspective.
Nikesh Arora: And don't forget, there's still a reasonable part of our business that still has to be paid upfront, which is the hardware business.
Nikesh Arora: Brad, sort of how I worked in sales and interacted with salespeople, majority of my life, salespeople like to win. And I think what has become apparent in fiscal '23 for our teams that can -- that we can win in each of these categories. They were used to winning in firewalls. I will tell you, our win rates have gone up tremendously in SASE. I mean we did $1 billion in SASE this past year. Winning in XSIAM has been a phenomenal surprise and a delight to all of us. And literally, I'm telling you what's going to happen on Sunday, every salesperson is going say, I want to be able to sell that product. This product is selling with an average ACV of $1 million hasn't happened in security before. So I think the just generating enthusiasm towards all these capabilities and solutions is kind of a key message for our team. There are some structural changes. Like last year, we took the SASE team and merged that with the core team, and you saw the outcomes. We managed to do that seamlessly without an impact to our business, in fact grew faster. We're doing that next year with Cortex. We're taking our Cortex team, and making them part of core. That's why Dipak talks about these constant ability to improve operating margins is we've hit sort of scale economics in our business. We've hit scale. Everybody has to do these deals. It's no longer a firewall business. So our teams want to do cross-product deals. So the message really is, we're winning in major categories, go out and win those deals. The message is cross-platform is working for us. The message is you are now empowered and trained to sell everything. And every year, we use the opportunity to tweak certain things, which have worked better than the others. So I mean, honestly, like sorry to drag you out on a Friday day afternoon, but I think it's important for a few thousand people next week that we shared all these results with them, and we just got caught in the trap. We're trying to get a Board meeting done and do that on Sunday, so here we are on Friday. But all I -- if it gives you any comfort, Dipak and me and the team are going to be working all Saturday and Sunday as well.
Nikesh Arora: Hi. Yes. Thank you very much for your question. Like, it's early days in AI, as I mentioned on the precision AI side, we have been using it. We have been using it across our products. There's no incremental costs. So it's embedded in our current product development capabilities. On the generative AI side, I say you saw a sneak peek of all the copilots. The good news is all of those things, should generate positive outcomes for us either in terms of incremental modules that customers would like to buy, to enable certain functionality, or possibly reduce costs from our capabilities, to deliver much superior customer support. So, I think at this point in time, I would not in baking any incremental sort of spend expectations in our forecast, as it relates to the implementation of AI. Dipak has given you guidance that we can continue to see operating leverage, and operating margin, clearly some of that is driven by expectations in AI, but I'd say we're being normal about it. We're not overtly aggressive nor are we overtly conservative around it. And hopefully, there'll be upside in that, if and when we start to see the fruits of deploying it effectively across Palo Alto Networks.
Nikesh Arora: It's important to understand. We didn't say it will drop 10% of revenue. Everything else is growing really fast. I think it's important to understand, like, it's not growing as fast as everything else. Look, for the last five years, I've always been asked that hardware question. I've been trying to avoid it for five years unsuccessfully. So thanks again, Andrew, only took one question to get to it. I think it's important to understand, as we started moving to the cloud, people started coming to notion of software firewalls. And then with this whole pandemic thing, remote work, and sort of distributed network became a real thing. So what you're seeing is, that there are different form factors, which are really good in different circumstances. Against the public cloud, you put a software firewall, you use VMs in various scenarios, when throughput becomes really important hardware is still the best option. And I don't think the whole world is going to end up only in the public cloud. By the way, we also sell firewalls to the cloud provider believe it or not, they need firewalls in their data centers, because eventually the public cloud also runs in our data center. So, I think in that context, the demand for hardware is not going to go away. I think what Anand showed you beautifully that you're going to end up with all the form factors at most of our customers. And the key is these things need to work better together. I think if you go today, there are many customers who have a Palo Alto firewall and a firewall from another vendor. Now if we can give them SASE, we can give them software firewalls. There is no reason that they should be on two hardware vendors when they are a single software vendor, and a single SASE vendor. So, I think the point we want to highlight here is, there is a further consolidation opportunity in the firewall space driven by the Zero Trust needs as well as the UI that Anand gave you a sneak peek into. So, I think that's the way to think about it. We like hardware. It's great.
Nikesh Arora: We have 5,500 dialed in, Brian. That makes up, like, the last six earnings calls we've had. So I don't know maybe there's bear here.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. Let me tell you. I think that we've all heard of this concept called hallucination or the idea that it doesn't give you the perfect answer all the time, right.
Nikesh Arora: And I'd say we are working really hard to see how do, we reduce the error rate in the answers that the copilot comes up with, because in security, we can't afford wrong answers. So, I think our teams are working really hard. What we've discovered in the process, is that irrespective of which LLM you deploy, you need better knowledge articles, you need better integration of the UI. So our teams are busy doing a lot of non-regrettable work. And you saw them give you some sort of glimpses into what the art of the possible could be. I would say sometime before the end of the year, we will start testing it with a bunch of customers to get real feedback from customers, I think the best way to think about it is, like, the examples you saw, it's like security is complicated. UI and security is also complicated. If you don't know where to look, sometimes it's right there. You just don't know where to look. If you can ask that question, and give you the answer that improves the productivity of all of our customers. It, improves the configuration capability of all of our customers. It improves our ability to provide real time customer support to our customer setting. There's lots of advantages if done, right? And I say it's always like, people often, overestimate the short-term and underestimate the long-term. That's why we give you a three-year forecast. I think it may, we may get the three-month or six-month wrong, or we'll not get the three or five-year wrong. Three to five years from now, the world will be different. UI will be 50% natural language. We'll be generating tons of efficiency from people using AI driven tools. I think that's the opportunity. And you don't get there if you don't work hard now.
Nikesh Arora: So, Jonathan, I think, you saw, I think Dipak, Lee, myself, all of us have made this point, so did BJ around the fact that without innovation, we're out we're out of the game. We launched 74 different capabilities last year. And so, we'll probably do more next year than 74. But I think what's interesting, what you're seeing is these 74, many of these are existing point products in the industry, which we're re-launching by adapting them to our platforms. And the reason it's going to work this time, Jonathan, because it's working. Well, one of the deals we talked about, the SASE deal with a large professional services organization, we consolidated seven vendors, right? Our XSIAM deals, which totaled $200 million consolidate on average three to seven vendors in the SOC. So it's working. Now the question is, I'm already in the SOC. I've consolidated seven. I go to my customers running to them and saying, listen. You got these other five things hanging around. Look, I've got these five new modules in XSIAM. Why do you want to do five new vendors, and solutions which don't talk to each other, right? So I think what we have in opportunities, once it's kind of like, I think you like to call it land and expand. I think we're landing with our platforms. We used to land with SASE. We used to land with firewalls. Now we're going to say, listen. You have a hardware file. You have our SASE it looks beautiful UI. It brings it altogether when you clean up the rest of the infrastructure. I think it's an evolution in the industry. I think, five years ago as an idea, we're seeing it actually happen. You're seeing us put distance between ourselves and single product vendors in many categories, because people are seeing the power of the platform. That's just the opportunity. And that's something BJ, Lee, Dipak, me and the gang have to execute on, and it's just relentless execution that's needed.
Nikesh Arora: Look, the whole idea originally was to have sales specialists because we were in the early stages of our products. We're trying to build them out. We had lots of changes. We want to make sure they were trained and available as extra resources. Now think about it, we did a $44 million XSIAM deal. Everybody was involved. The core rep wasn't going to let that deal go. That's a lot of money of commission for the core rep if he or she can understand XSIAM. So I'll tell you, BJ and I are going to have this wonderful sales conference starting Sunday. I promise you, every one of those guys will be lined up for the XSIAM session, because they want to learn more about it because, see, this deal size, deal size is equal to dollars for the company equal dollars for the salesperson. And they're all very smart people. So, they're going to go gravitate towards where the real business is. So, I think when you can get salespeople to lean in to learn something, it creates a great outcome. And also, guess what, I mean it's not like people suddenly woke up yesterday and became Cortex specialist. They used to sell cybersecurity before. They just did a good job of embracing and getting trained. So our products are at a point where we believe they are mature. We understand the differentiation of the market. There is reputation out there in the market. We have people in the back who can stand up POCs. I think we can do this. I think we showed that with SASE we can do this, and we can do this with Cortex. The cloud thing is slightly different. Cloud is still early in the customer and from an adoption perspective. It's a consumptive model. It's an ACV ARR model. So that it lends itself to a slightly different sales motion and there, we're not going to be in a hurry to merge that. But I think from a Cortex perspective, it's not just merging the team. It's opening up the floodgates for 3,000 people to sell it. That's the way we think about it.
Nikesh Arora: I think, Michael, one of the things that, I think, we should tell you is that we're in the process of reexamining how to classify the revenue to make it much more easier for you guys to think about it, because product was the artifact of hardware. It comes from - in 1919 or 1930.
Nikesh Arora: SEC - 1970, thank you. FASB requirement that has to be physically tangible. And I think with the emergence of SaaS companies, it's become sort of hard to do that. So, I think we're going to take a look at that, and I didn't want to do it on a Friday night, and to add one more exciting thing you guys have to think about. So as the year progresses, we'll find a better way of letting you think about our revenue, which is more measurable, more trackable and possibly more predictable for you guys. But yes, this is like a product we have to [indiscernible] percent of product that's not hardware every time to tell you how to split that between hardware and software. I think it suffice us to say, we're looking at it as a business across the board. We look at RPO, we look at revenue, obviously. We look at margin. We look at free cash flow, which our numbers we're guiding to. And that's what we manage on a sort of day-to-day basis to run the business.
Nikesh Arora: Let me start with the second question first. If you don't think we've transformed the company in the last five years, I don't know, man. I don't know what else to do to make you happy, okay? I'm sorry. It's Friday night, I'm going home. So I think we've been doing transformative for the last five years, and what we've shown you is transformative in itself. And I'm just, in part, just - I don't - look, you don't need me to buy businesses for you. You guys, you're shareholders, you're smart, you can do it yourself. Unless there's a huge leverage that we can prove that something we can take 1 plus 1 and make that two, possibly 2.5 for you guys, it's not sensible for us to do it. And so far, we looked at everything in the world. We look at everything every day. We see what - how things operate. So far, we haven't felt compelled because we have a lot of work to do ourselves. I mean if we've been busy integrating a transformative acquisition, we'll miss the next 5 trends because we're busy. So that's how we think about it. It gives you some insight on how we think about it. As it relates to tuck-in acquisitions, I think the better way to see if it goes back to what I said. Look, there are technologies out there that other people are working on. But we are not the only security company in the world. We're not working on everything. And if something becomes relevant, something becomes an important feature that we think is needed by our customers, and we haven't been working on it, it behooves us to go out and partner or acquire, which is what I said. So should you expect us to maintain a rhythm around how we acquire companies? Yes. But you should understand, we have a five-year track record of doing that responsibility, doing it judiciously, doing it in a way that we integrate the acquisition, doing it in a way that would generate more ARR. And pretty much most of the ones we bought in the last five years have really not contributed on day 1 to the ARR or revenue because they've been mostly tech acquisitions. So I think that's the way to think about it, if that helps.
Nikesh Arora: Tal, you get the question of the evening award. In the last 5 years, we went out and we used our various products to do the land. We sold SASE where it was needed. We sold hardware firewalls where it's needed. We sold software firewalls where it was needed. 1,700 of our customers in some way, shape or form, have all of these things. I think the next step in our evolution is going back to them and saying, listen, you have the hardware firewalls. It works way better with SASE. You want to integrate this across as a network security platform? That's where we have to show value. And you started to see glimpses of that what I ensure you. Cloud XDR is a combination of endpoint and firewall data. That has been now expanded to all the data that you have in XSIAM across your entire state. So now you're - we're offering capabilities that Splunk has. We're offering capability that QRadar has, we're offering capability that Chronicle and Sentinel have in XSIAM, right? So we're doing that. To your question, you should expect us to say, listen, you have XSIAM, if you had Prisma Cloud, it will work a lot better. If you have the XDR, the Prisma Cloud host protection and XDR host protection should work a lot better. So you'll start to see us selectively start to create -- demonstrate value across our platforms. So it's a great question, I think. But it needs to -- customers need to be evolved to that because everybody has a bunch of products out there and not everybody is lined up with the same day for end of life. So I think you're right, you could see more of that from us in the next 3 to 5 years.
Nikesh Arora: So first of all, Joe, you did a great job on CNBC today navigating the questions about our stock. So thank you very much. On your question, look, we have conviction in some of the platforms, like let's start with our favorite one today. It's like XSIAM came out of left field. It did $200 million for us. Even we - would have been happy at $100 million for our fiscal year. It came in at $200 million. So part of what you're seeing is that there are some products where we have tailwinds. And I think the part we're sort of normalizing for is the - not normalizing for, the part we sort of we said to you, the part that we're careful about is the hardware normalization, which we've been anticipating. We're always positively surprised every quarter, and it finally came home in spades in Q4. So I think the forecast we have is what we represent to our Board. That's what we're saying we're going to go do. That's what we're telling you. Now are we going to try and work hard to go beat it? Yes, of course, that's what we do every time. There's lots of puts and takes. So based on the puts and takes, based on where we are in different products based on what plans we have to launch different things, this is our best estimate as of now. And we're trying to give it our best to go out and deliver it. I think that's the best way to describe how you think about our numbers. Yes, of course, it's hardware headwinds. There's SASE tailwinds. I don't know if you saw, we became the only vendor in SASE far right in a single vendor, sort of SD-WAN plus SSE. So there's some good tailwinds we have. Customers pay attention to these kinds of things.
Nikesh Arora: Thank you, Walter. I just want to take the opportunity one more time to thank all of you. I know this was a unique one. Will you be telling your future mentees that you're going to mentor in the analyst community, maybe talking about that one Friday afternoon call which Palo Alto hosted out of their sort of misdirected sense of trying to get you guys to go do this over the weekend for us. So, we really appreciate taking the time. We apologize for taking up some of your Friday. We will be available tomorrow and day after for some of you who've been kind enough to schedule time to talk to us because we want to make sure you get all your questions answered. It would be remiss of me not to both acknowledge and thank our employees, which is what makes all of this happen, and all of our partners out there who help us deliver this capability. And of course, I also want to thank my entire management team for delivering a really, really good FY '23 and what has been a yet another sort of different year. And I don't think I've had a normal year in the last five years between the pandemic and supply chain and inflation and money and this. So I look forward to possibly a normal year next year. And again, once again, thank you very, very much for all your support and your indulgence.
BJ Jenkins: Good question. Look, I think all of this starts with what Lee ended with is, we get to sell I think the best products in the industry, and we deliver better customer outcomes. We have three primary consolidation motions. One has been around, network security services on the firewall, but also in the SASE. And actually, we have within that now, we've landed customers with SASE, and are going back, and getting the network firewall business. So our core reps, tend to focus on that. They are - the account owner - and represent the whole portfolio. The second motion is, we talked about, code-to-cloud, and we usually land with workload protect or posture management, and then branch out into other modules off of that to either shift left or get a complete platform for the customer on cloud security. With Cortex, we have three outstanding solutions that we land with. We either win with XDR, for customer focused on automation. XSOAR is a great starting place for us, attack surface management with Expanse. And, many of our first wins with XSIAM have been leveraging that installed base, to deliver a full SOC transformation. Again, on the surprising side, though, many of our XSIAM wins, we also didn't have an installed base in Cortex and the customer jumped completely in. We have specialists in those areas in both code-to-cloud and in Cortex. And so, the core team works with those specialists, to run those consolidation plays also.
BJ Jenkins: I'd just add one thing. For many of the large deals that you saw in the presentation, it's not just looked at as a solution acquisition cost. We put together for that customer not only the solution acquisition costs and the better security outcome you get, we talk about their operating costs, how they have to train their people, how many people do they need to operate these solutions in the environment and the savings they get. So that when they go to justify an 8-figure deal with their CFO, they're talking about reducing capital and operating costs with better security outcomes. And I think Lee hit on this in his earlier answer. There hasn't been a company that's really been able to do that before in this industry. And when you combine those two, I think it's what's helped us in a tough economic environment to continue to close larger and larger deals with those customers.
BJ Jenkins: Yes. I think to Nikesh's credit, even before I came on board, there was a large investment in our federal team. And the knowledge that with many of the federal directives, the budget being put in, and obviously, some of the geopolitical events, it was an opportunity for the company. And so we're seeing the benefits of many of those forward investments, and we're going to continue to invest there. There's obviously large-scale projects that are occurring. We had one last year that we announced was our largest deal of the year. There - those take a long time to mature. And we're involved in many of them. So I feel like we have a great opportunity going forward in that space. There are specific ones obviously out there that we're looking to -- we've got some first orders and then gain momentum with them, and I think we'll be talking more about that in the coming quarters.
