Nikesh Arora: [Technical Difficulty] about our financial targets in FY '23. I highlighted the strong drivers at play, including technology sector forces as well as drivers within cybersecurity. We just talked to you about all the innovation we have underway. We continue to have confidence in our team's execution and the traction we're seeing across our platforms. We expect to continue to deliver strong results, in line with the profile we have talked about for the last year since our Analyst Day. For fiscal year 2023, this includes billings growth of 20% to 21% and revenue growth with increasing predictability that is in the mid-20s. After achieving operating margins at the high end of our guidance in fiscal year '22, we intend to deliver operating margin expansion of 50 basis points to the high end of our guidance, with adjusted free cash flow margins of over 100 basis points at the high end of our guidance while absorbing increased supply chain costs and inflationary impacts. We achieved GAAP profitability in Q4 fiscal year '22 and we project this will continue for fiscal year '23. Lastly, today, we also announced a 3-for-1 stock split. This was done to help ensure our shares are accessible to all employees and investors. The stock split also demonstrates our belief in the future of the company and the momentum and confidence we have in our strategy. With that, I will pass on to Dipak to discuss our Q4 results in more detail as well as our Q1 and fiscal year '23 guidance.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. I just keep the efficiency of time. Yes, Dipak did say that if some of the -- it's important to understand, not just pull forwards, we had some large long-duration deals, having normalized for them. We just want to make sure we set expectations for next year, that 44 was exceptional and some of that was because of some large longer duration deals. I mean normalize for that, then you'd end up in the mid to high 30s. So this is more precautionary in our part as opposed to telling you that we're not doing well. On the front of like -- deal life cycles have been elongating at the top end of the market for us as the deal size have grown. This is not net new to us. This has been happening over the last two or three years. When I came, the largest deal we did was $28 million, now we've done deals closer to $100 million. So obviously, it takes a longer time to get a $100 million deal in place and requires a lot more validation from our customers' POCs and getting engaged. So that trend is consistent. We have not seen any change in that driven by economic factors. So that is your question. As I said, the three effects we saw, we shared a little bit of sweating of hardware assets to push them out a little longer and we've seen some people look at transformation projects. You can see them not go away from transformation. We've seen consolidation. Those are the three things we've seen.
Nikesh Arora: Phil, I think in the last year, I would say, our ability to deliver, deploy and sell SASE has grown. And as you picked up the number, 30% of these customers are net new to Palo Alto. And the way it works is we go to them, they appreciate our firewalls, but the problem is they now have bought firewalls from somebody two years ago, three years ago, five years ago, and there's still a lot end of life on them. So they like us, they like our solutions, but they're not able to execute because somebody before them bought them or they bought them at a moment when they [were deluded](ph). So it now comes to a point where we are able to convince them that our SASE solution is right. Our excitement for these 30% customers is that, over time, they will then migrate their on-prem hardware to Palo Alto as well. And we're noticing early days, but we're noticing some of these customers who bought our SASE solution because they understand our security fabric then have deployed it, then it's a simple attach of putting hardware because security solutions have already been put into place. So we have taken share in the firewall market by most third-party estimates, somewhere between 300 to 400 basis points. And we think part of the driver is us being able to deliver a more comprehensive zero trust network security capability. As Lee highlighted, we have customers who have spent north of $100 million of lifetime value and network security with us, which is hard to do.
Nikesh Arora: So I'm sorry, I'm confused. Are you saying 50%, 60% growth is time to harvest or trying to grow faster? Sometimes I can never make you guys happy. It's like three years ago, we said $1 billion you guys always said, that's a big number. You won't get there. We get you to $1.9 billion in four years, and they sit and say, that's par for the course now, just like start making more money. Like, as Lee highlighted, we are trying to balance our R&D spend with our growth aspirations. I personally believe there is so much room in the cybersecurity market as we've demonstrated. Since I came, we've -- revenue growth is up 50% in terms of percentage growth. So we used to grow in the 19%, 20% range, growing at 20% to 29%. And I think that's a good place. It's such large numbers. We're growing at a good number. We're going to keep balancing our investment yet showing you fiscal prudence. Could I go spend more money and let the operating margin language lower? Yes. But I don't want to. We promised that we keep extracting operating margin to make sure we're fiscally prudent, and we're going to do that. But at the same time, we use the opportunity of every dollar to make it more efficient and keep spending for growth. We think our growth profile, obviously, as you would expect, has improved for most of our products that we were taking bets on about three or four years ago. I think it's also important to understand ARR is a leading indicator of revenue. So revenue comes in after ARR and then you have costs come in on day one. So yes, our operating margins for these new areas are getting better, in some cases getting to positive from negative. But I think we're still further away until you see the impact of the $700 million, $800 million we added this year. As that flows into revenue, the next 700 flows in revenue, we hopefully will keep expanding operating margins, which is fueling our ability to give you that 50 basis point expansion over the years. But we're going to keep striking the balance.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, Brian, as you know, thank you for the question, and thank you for your kind words. Look, we had the similar set of expectations last year going into the fiscal year. And we benefited from some price increases, as you know. We also benefited from some pull-through activities by customers because there were supply chain prices and people were trying to make sure,, they're stocking up. We just want to be prudent. We don't anticipate more price increases because our philosophy is we don't want to keep driving prices up. Because when you keep increasing prices, when supply chain settles down, you have to cut prices. And I don't want to be in that scenario where we're showing you tremendous volatility in our product revenue. So that's kind of one factor is the price normalization. The second factor is potential pull-in by customers because of supply chain constraints and ordering ahead. If you balance that out, we think the number is still in the low to high single-digits. But again, as I've told you from perhaps five years ago, we are focusing on Firewall as a Platform. The more I drive SASE, the more I drive virtual firewalls, the better off we are as transitioning our business. As we highlighted, 70% of our revenue now is predictable going into next quarter. We highlighted that 80% of our software subscription is coming from software. So we are trying to make sure we keep transforming this business and software business. We love our hardware business. It drives a lot of its installed base. It lies with lots of refreshes. It drives a lot of our advanced prevention capability. So please don't take away, that's not now a favorite child of ours. But at the same time, we are cautious and we're making sure we balance the growth in our hardware business with the thrust we're putting into SASE and Cloud and Cortex.
Nikesh Arora: Let me lay back. First of all, we were careful, we said mid-to-high 30s. So it's not exactly 10%. It's somewhere between 5% and 8%, if you will, if you were bringing back of the math envelope. But yes, 5% to 8%. But look, part of it is we also told we have 1,200 millionaire customers. I think in cybersecurity, that makes us the largest number of millionaire customers you're going to expect. There's a large amount of customers between that and the $1 million customers, 100 million and 1 million, there's a lot of people -- there are lots of numbers between 1 and 100. So you can expect we have people pretty much at every number. Part of it is a balancing act in terms of what deals we prioritize and what deals we focus on. Remember, $100 million deals don't go away. They just take longer. So we could get it done in Q1. We'll get it done in Q2. So our customer has a wake up one morning and saying, you know what that deal we have been discussing over the last nine months for $100, it's not going to happen. If typically it becomes a $60 million deal, you say it's going to happen in the following quarter. So our job is to have a lot more pipeline in our portfolio to make sure that we're able to bring enough of them in, to be able to keep you hungry analysts away from destroying our credibility or whatever the right phrase is. Have we got you convinced yet, Fatima or not? I'm still waiting.
Nikesh Arora: Important to understand the overall market context. You've got companies which are reducing guidance, companies which are cutting EPS guidance. There are companies which are warning a potential customer deal life cycles being smaller. So we're trying to make sure that we are prepared for both the upside and downside scenario. I think it's fair for us to be prudent in that market.
Nikesh Arora: Andy, I think part of -- if you look at it historically, until about three years ago, we didn't have a SASE, we could actually go head-to-head with the industry leader, let's just say, right? What has happened in the last 1.5 years or two? We've become a force to reckon with. I'd say in the most -- the largest enterprise deal is head-to-head with two vendors. Very rarely do we see a third. This doesn't take a lot to guess who the second vendor is. And two years ago, we were not showing up to the party. Two years ago, getting one or two deals out of 10. Now we think we're in five to six out of 10 deals and our aspiration is next year to be 10 out of 10 deals. You know what, hopefully, if we can win half the deals that we're in, we'll be growing at big numbers like we did this year. So we think we are coming of age in our SASE business. We have a lot of respect for the other player in the market. We think we have a better solution technically. We're seeing that when enterprise architectures come to play where customers want to integrate a Zero Trust strategy across hardware, software and remote access driven solutions. We believe that we have a technical edge. At the same time, we made the early decision to deploy that on the public cloud. We actually are the only company that can deliver your SASE solution on the public cloud with redundancy. So GCP goes down, we hot switch to AWS. As AWS goes down with hot switch to GCP, so we give you the highest level SLA in the SASE business in the market today.
Nikesh Arora: Joel, as you'll appreciate, what typically happens when a new administration comes into place. The first six months, they spend the time getting to know each other. The next six months, they write a lot of executive orders and then we get into implementation, if we're lucky in year two. So yes, we have seen great signs of alignment in the Fed market. We have seen some good executive orders to align towards more awareness around cybersecurity. As you know, the SEC is also looking at it how to make it a more relevant conversation and Board. So all the signs are headed in the right direction. The fiscal year close for Fed comes in, in the next 1.5 months. So we should hopefully see some activity in Q1 around that. And I think next year should be a better year for Fed spending, especially around Zero Trust and SASE and cloud.
Nikesh Arora: So we outlined that we -- it's harder to do M&A now than it was three or four years ago because we had such a wide canvas or blank canvas in terms of various opportunities where we could go make acquisitions today, we have to balance the idea of an acquisition to make sure that is it consistent with our product strategy. Is it an overlapping acquisition or is it a complementary acquisition where we can integrate over time. So that reduces the amount of the opportunity out there. As I've always said, we're very focused on product area acquisitions as opposed to go-to-market acquisitions because we have -- as you can see, from our ARR or NGS, $1.9 billion. We have the ability to go sell good stuff if we get good stuff from our product better than here. So I think we will continue to stay on the lookout and scan the market. We are not in the mindset of acquiring large deals. We're in the mindset of looking for great product teams that we can complementarily attach to our capabilities. So we keep scanning the market and if something shows up, we'll do it. But again, I don't think it has ever been a significant part of our effort in terms of our market cap. When we did the first $2.5 billion, the market cap was $20 million, $25 million, now it's north $50 million. So you can imagine it's a small scale relative to what the opportunity for the company is, and that's how we think about it. We're not jumping at the bit right now. The market -- I think it's kind of like -- the public market has rationalized, the private markets probably haven't yet. It's a bit like real estate and people remember the last the neighbor's house, what is sold at, they kind of forget what their house is worth. So until people realize true value of their house, it's going to be a little longer before acquisitions come into the security market again.
Nikesh Arora: So thank you for the question. It's a great question. It's something our management team has spent a lot of time thinking about. And what we are doing going into this fiscal year is we used to have SASE sales specialists. And what we've done is we have merged them into our core sales team, and we've been running boot camps for the last 6 to 8 weeks training everybody out in the field for SASE. So we're converting our entire core field team, our network security team into a SASE first team which is the way -- only way we can get amplification across 2,000 sellers and actually go make sure there's a SASE opportunity to be uncovered to every customer. So we think SASE's come of age. We think SASE is the linchpin towards our network security strategy. We think this is going to be a very, very large market in the next five to 10 years. And we say we're one of two vendors in the market who will be invited to every opportunity, and we hope to win our disproportionate share.
Nikesh Arora: Look, Gray, as I said, first and foremost, the large complex deals take longer to get done. And SASE does take longer because customers -- SASE is just not buying a security and bolting it on. It's actually re-architecting your network access. It’s actually just how your laptop delves in into your work if you're using Palo Alto SASE or Prisma SASE. So it's kind of important because if your laptop doesn't get access to BTIG's infrastructure in trouble. So it becomes a network play as much as a security play. So teams take a little longer to get it done. So I think that's kind of part of the process, less so the macroeconomic concerns, if you will, it's really doing the technology transformation agreeing to do it as an organization. That's what takes a little longer. In terms of our guidance, look, there's a whole bunches of puts and takes that are going in there. There are secular tailwinds. We obviously have a sense of the pipeline going into next year. As Fatima asked, we did some big deals, guess what, we didn't do some big deals, right? You couldn't have done every deal, so there's a bunch of deals that are still waiting in the wings. Yes, they're larger, and they're binary that if they all don't come in, we'll have to go hustle. If they all come in, we'll be in a great place. But our job as management to just balance all these factors, you've got to balance inflation, supply chain, deal cycles, various product investments. So I think across the balance, if you look, we think our guidance is prudent across all of these factors where we think some of them might be better for us. Some of them may be worse. But on the margin, we think we can deliver the guidance as presented to you.
Nikesh Arora: Well, first of all, thank you, everyone, for your attention and your questions and for joining us. We look forward to seeing many of you after this in separate calls as well as upcoming conferences. I also want to thank our customers, partners and of course, most of all, our employees who make us the great place that we are. With that, go Palo Alto Networks.
Dipak Golechha: Yes. I don't think there's anything different and I'm going to tell you, Saket, that's already -- that's not already in our prepared remarks. I mean, I think it's really a question of just dissecting what are the impacts of the macro, figuring out what supply chain-related, what's inflation-related, what's demand-related and then just making sure that we methodically work through it, like Nikesh and I and the leadership team have a lot of debates, right, during the course of the annual planning process, and then we just try to make sure that we're thinking through scenarios and having enough flexibility for different scenarios. But really nothing to add beyond the prepared remarks.
Dipak Golechha: So I think again, ultimately, we talked about how you've got to normalize it for some large deals. We did also take a price increase on August 1. I think, again, we're just trying to be prudent at the beginning of the fiscal year and make sure that we're not getting ahead of our skis. I mean the 20% to 21% is the fiscal year guide. I think we've guided a little bit higher in Q1, specifically, but I think -- yes, and still ahead of consensus. So I think we feel pretty good about the pipeline, all the metrics that we look at.
Dipak Golechha: And then just to answer your question on duration and pricing, no significant changes on duration and no additional pricing beyond the ones that we've already announced. Recall August 1, we did have a price increase that was about 5% on our hardware.
