Nikesh Arora: Brian, remember, two or three years ago when we set out targets for next generation security business, we didn't have the muscle [indiscernible] networks to figure out how we can get out of the firewall business and have that sales force go out and actually go sell Cloud and AI. The good news is over the last two and a half years we're building muscle, we're learning how the market operates. It's kind of interesting, every one of these markets operate slightly differently. If you look at NGS, it's a combination of SASE, Prisma Cloud and Cortex. Now SASE's characteristic are a lot of the free trials we gave a few quarters ago and this whole push to work from home is forcing customers to think hard about their security stack and it's no longer, you can access half the apps, half the time, you need to be access -- able to access everything from wherever you are. So we're seeing network transformations and that's what's driving the success on SASE and some of the huge wins you had on Prisma access. As I mentioned one of the deals, which we closed and shipped on the first of this month is our largest SASE deal ever, which gave us $7 million of NGS ARR, so you can see approximately the quantum of that deal. So we're seeing a lot of traction on the access front and the SASE front, so that's good. Cortex is an interesting space, because we compete there with people like CrowdStrike and SentinelOne and the others. We're great on the product front as we've showed you the Forrester Wave and the MITRE results. We're trying to create more muscle around being able to do those deals. Those deals are typically, you got to -- because it's a competitive market, you got to do a whole bunch of deals there, and they all range in the $1 million to $5 million range with the higher end and the smaller below that. So you don't get lumpy deals as you have to do a lot more deals, so that's what we're doing on the Cortex front. Last, but not the least, on the cloud front, we got 2,250 customers, but there the deals end up being large deals that are slightly lumpy, and they have very high variability in duration and consumption. So some deals have moved in the cloud, how to buy credit to the next three years, how many credits do I need. They suddenly find their deployment is slower because they haven't deployed fully on GCP or AWS or Azure. Others, you'll say, they've been customers last three years. They're upping because they moved all their workloads to the cloud and their workload ramp is increased. So, all three of them have slightly different characteristics. That's why we end up in a portfolio situation. You saw this quarter we added about $133 million in net new NGS ARR, I just told you about seven more, because I felt you guys are extremely curious in NGS and I don't want you guys to go out thinking we're not confident on 1150. So right now we all feel that we'll get to 1150 on NGS ARR, and it's going to end up being a portfolio call in terms of some things extremely doing extremely well something doing normal.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah. There are two parts one, as Dipak, highlighted. We continue to work hard towards getting gross margin efficiency on those products because the product development is in our control, and Lee who's sitting to my right, he and his team work hard at trying to make sure that we optimize the gross margin part. The rest of it honestly is the question of how much do we want to invest in sales capacity to be able to drive those? Don't forget, in each of those areas, we are dealing with extremely competitive situation. In the case of XDR we deal with dedicated salespeople from CrowdStrike, they outflank us 8:1 on the number of salespeople. So we have to look hard at how much investment we want to make on the sales side. We do get leverage with the Palo Alto sales people, eventually end up with hand to hand combat. On the Prisma Cloud side, I'd say we were doing fine and we are doing fine. But suddenly the equity of the venture markets have gone and provided phenomenal valuations and dumped a lot of cash in some very early stage companies who are not dangling large paychecks to our sales people [indiscernible] got the most qualified cloud security sales. And so, that's why I think Dipak is right in saying that, we're going to watch the market carefully. But again, we just told you another number. $250 million in ARR in cloud security, VMs and public cloud security. That's a number which is -- outflanks our next competitor by probably 25 times.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah. As I highlighted, SASE is strong. Dipak highlighted the subscriptions are strong. We're pleased with the way Cortex is evolving and cloud ends up being lumpy. So some quarters we’ll get some very large deals, and then make up the billing. Some quarters they push. But across the board, the portfolio is performing in line with our expectations or slightly ahead, as we said, we hit 973 or 980, depending on how you count it.
Nikesh Arora: Well, I’ll gave -- I’ll make two comments, Keith. One is, is there are situations where the customers are looking for, like you say, firewalling capability. We can walk in and say we can solve this problem with software or we can go deploy tons of hardware to solve the same problem. So take a large retailer, then go deploy 1,200 firewalls in each of their stores; if they choose to go down the hardware route, which is more costly to deploy, harder to maintain, harder to upgrade over time; or we can go in and say, let's do that with Prisma SASE, which is a software dependent solution, which has lower cost of ownership, easier deployment, easier to solve. So you're seeing us create some degree of substitution in our customer base. So if you compare us like-to-like with some of the leading hardware firewall businesses, which don't have that strength in that software capability, they cannot deal that substitution capability, which we think is better for the long term, because we just point to the ARPU. So look, we can grow ARPU at 38%. That just means we have future revenue coming down the pike on the FwaaP front, which is going to be harder to hunt and kill on a quarterly basis, if you were hardware only business. So I actually think there's more resilience in our network security business than most hardware develop -- dependent businesses. The second piece, I would say, in that context is what was proxy based architectures is now full firewall in the cloud. We’re seeing that in space and Prisma SASE, people are stepping back and saying, okay, let me understand this, how do I get my trading system to be accessible from an employee's home, you can do that with proxy based architecture. We talked about that [indiscernible] and we're seeing that really bear out in the success we're seeing in Prisma SASE.  My fellow colleagues Walter and Dipak will not let me throw out more stats in that area, but I'll just say I'm extremely delighted with the progress we've made in SASE from where we came. 2.5 years ago, there used to be a product called GPCS, and we would shudder, like you said the onetime items. There was one deal when I came to Palo Alto, we sweated the entire year to see how we left that in the following quarter. Now we do six of those in the quarter. And we've got tons and tons lined up in our pipe going forward.  So SASE is strong, which should give us continued strength. I think the network transformation is in a very, very early stage. If you think about it, if you see AWS, GCP, Azure clipping $40 billion, $50 billion of billing in a quarter, all those customers are going to stand up and realize wait I'm relying on MPLS based architectures to go back to my data center, now I don't need to go there, I need to go to a public cloud. And to do that, you got to go SASE. Right now, we firmly believe we have the best SASE solution in the market. We firmly believe that we have the most deployed customers out there at scale. 
Nikesh Arora: I'm going to bring in my colleague Lee Klarich, who spends a lot of his time making sure that these transitions work, and we see these transitions happen, Lee. 
Nikesh Arora: I think Saket as we went through the mechanics of creating all the paper work required to file this. The debate began to happen with some of our shareholders, as look, the true value creations and they actually can take this and separate it, because you'll still have a stub or some sort of tracking stock. And the challenge with separating it, as you saw, 70% of our customers are buying multiple platforms. 40% of our customers are buying all three platforms. We're getting into conversations with CIO, and somebody goes to a breach or ransomware when they want to go, wall-to-wall and say, listen, come protect me, protect my cloud, protect my sock, protect my network transformation. And then we’re suddenly saying, look, we have all this vantage point from where we are, where we can go pitch all three platforms and go on the lock the customer with security and we're creating this artificial separation amongst ourselves, we're not going to be leveraged that. So that definitely went through the decision. I think the question which I can keep practicing. So just asked around to Deepak about the funding of ClaiSec vis-à-vis NetSec, I think, we'd still have to make that a self-standing profitable entity in its own due course. And I think it's too early to go think about separating that into distinct businesses, because we're getting phenomenal leverage from our firewall sales teams, who are sort of one and a half decades trying to build the relationships and get them better than our customers did.
Nikesh Arora: Matt, what interesting is, let's start with the second part first. Like, clearly, whatever approach was used to buy security hasn't worked, right? And we've traditionally been in a best of breed approach. You got the companies, they have 35, 25, 40 vendors, and this act of stitching all those solutions together is left on the shoulders of the customer. You coupled that are the two biggest technological transitions that have ever happened in the history of computing. One is the shift to the public cloud, but you have to fundamentally change your IT architecture. And the second is network automation that you're going through, driven by the cloud. So, CIOs are dealing with those two technology transitions and at the same time, having to take a hard look at security and bolstered up. And I think there, if you look at historically, I don’t think there has been many security companies who have been able to give you best of breed solutions across multiple capabilities. So our firewalls, nine times, top right, magic quadrant of our own capability, whether it's sassy or hardware firewalls, VMs fit in the category, so they can get the best firewalling capabilities across three different architectures, XDR measures the top right and Forrester Wave. We're the only cloud security native security company with Prisma cloud. We are top right in SD LAN and we're top right next sort of there was a corner. So we actually have the ability to give you a stitched set of products across five leadership positions, which is not available today in the cybersecurity industry. So, we're able to make the both the best of breed, and stitch platform argument right now, and is resonating because customers who are going through these agonizing times are stepping back and saying, wait, I need to look at it from a different approach. And I can go -- how can I go with a partner, where I can hold accountable for my entire security footprint.
Nikesh Arora: We can sell IoT against Cortex. Cortex data lakes and they sit in both places in our firewall business and in our cloud AI business.
Nikesh Arora: Well, I can't give you a metric we haven't given, but I'll tell you, Cortex comprises three products; one is XDR, which we compete with as you see with CrowdStrike and SentinelOne. I think the challenge we have there is our product as you can see, has technically been now ranked better than CrowdStrike and at par with SentinelOne and others. The challenge we see is we don't have as much coverage as CrowdStrike, so they're in more deals and we are, and that's a virtue of the fact that they have eight times more dedicated sales people chasing the XDR category and we don't. Where we do end up against them, we pretty much don't lose technical PLCs, obviously because of the, you've seen the technical comparison market, then it becomes a price war, and we don't bend over on the price war. So, we see reasonably good win rates against them where we are present. I think our challenges were not present in as many deals as we'd like to be present and because they've got us -- they've been at it for seven years, we've been at it for two and a half. So, that's kind of like the XDR solution. XSOAR, it used to be Phantom and demister, for the most part we don't see much competition in the XSOAR category. We think pretty much where the customer believes they have a need, they will go with XSOAR, so we're not we don't feel challenged in that market, but it's a moderate deal size, it's not the deal size of cloud which can get to eight figures. It's a deal size just smaller than that, but we do see less competitive activity in the XSOAR category. And last but not the least [Indiscernible] access management is a newer category where people are beginning to understand that the hackers can look at the entire vulnerability footprint from the outside, so you're better off having a clear view. For example, any customer that goes into a Breach Report ransomware actually wants to understand that the entire footprint and the vulnerability associated with it. So we end up having an engagement expense, whenever that happens. What is going on is that with the formation of Unit 42, we're getting more and more involved in more incidents out there, and that's allowing them to drag and drop XDR and Expanse in those early days, but we have merged the forensic capabilities for example of Crypsis, which used to be a product called Hadron that has been embraced into XDR, that will go live very shortly, where our cars were where our incident responders can go deploy XDR and provide all the forensic capabilities that they do when a breach happened. So early days we are seeing more traction on Cortex, I think we announced that we have 2,400 customers. The only -- the real upside and opportunity for us is to go ahead and execute at scale over there to get into more and more deals, because the product is there. Two years ago – 12 months ago we didn't have the product.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. Look, we're really excited about the 2.0 launch a few months ago, great reception from customers, really excited about everything that was in the launch. Remember, this is where we introduce cloud management. So cloud native experience, onboard – easy onboarding activation. This is also where we launched the first ever Autonomous Digital Experience Management add-on module. So this allows our customers to monitor the actual end user experience that they're seeing through the service to the applications are accessing in addition to the proxy capabilities and cloud-based technology, et cetera. So it was a big release, very well received. The adoption, almost all of the Prisma Access customers have now been upgraded to 2.0 and very smooth upgrade process, we're seeing great adoption to cloud management, close to 100 customers are now using that in just the first couple months of availability. The Autonomous DEM, we're getting great feedback from customers from early adopters and growing the pipeline of that that's an add-on module that we can go and sell back into the Prisma Access customers as well as new customers. And you know the proxy capabilities interesting is, as you know the -- we still believe most customers are going to want the full fledged capabilities of Prisma Access and not just the proxy capabilities, but that capability has achieved what we wanted is remove that as an objection. It's allowed customers who need it, to be able to move to Prisma Access and just remove that as a criteria. And so we're seeing a number of customers that are testing that and using it and happy we added it and made the change.
Nikesh Arora: I think the honest answer is it's pretty situational, right. I mean, I think every – every customer deal is different and like we're obviously going to lean in, if we have to, you know, in order to do that but I think what really drives us, is making sure that we don't leave any money on the table. I certainly think that as the portfolio grows, as the attack surface area becomes more complicated, hopefully, the leverage moves more within towards our favor over time and that will help us over time. But I think in general, I would stand by, it's always a focus area for us and we believe that with scale will come from margin expansion over time. But at the same time, we just don't want to leave opportunities on the table, if they're there for the taking.
Nikesh Arora: I can’t get Lee to say – wanted to say, keep saying leading competitors. Yes, we follow on the great security ex-pricing. You can’t do it.
Nikesh Arora: Let me get that cracking. When I said that it was deminimus. It's less than $5 million. So just as a kind of like a -- an overall number to be able to work very quickly.
Nikesh Arora: Hey. I just want to take the opportunity to thank you all for joining our call. I also want to take the opportunity to thank the employees at Palo Alto Networks for all their hard work and dedication to allow us to produce these results. We are here because of what they do. So once again, thank you everyone. And I look forward to seeing you guys in our individual call backs.
Dipak Golechha: Yeah. So, maybe if I answered in two different ways. I mean, we look at what other companies have done as they've kind of like grown through there -- they've scaled over time. And we often benchmark ourselves versus where were they at this time and are there things that we can do to be able to get there. But at the same time, we're not shy from like making the right investments, if we see the opportunity there. So that's why I don't want to really box ourselves into a timeframe. It really is a question of what opportunities are out there at the time, so we have a base plan that's constantly improving, but we're also reflecting on the fact that this is a dynamic market, and sometimes you need to lean in, if it makes sense for the long-term.
Dipak Golechha: I'll take that question. It's really not material to be overall, we added a couple of cloud delivered technology solutions like IOT in one example, when you have all of them that they're relatively de minimus in nature.
Dipak Golechha: Yes. Just adding to that Adam, I read your note, thank you for your enunciation and upgrade. I noticed that you talk about operating margin leverage and as many folks have highlighted in this call, we have two businesses, the Network Security business, where you can see the leverage, 42% free cash flow margins are still growing at 26% of billings and 38% or some number out here, the metric is different. But, so, we see that’s where the leverage is. We use that leverage towards a ClaiSecc businesses. In the history of cybersecurity, nobody's build a 735 million ARR business in 2.5 years. So let's just take stock and pause and – and we didn't buy all of it. We bought some products into it but it has been built by a lot of go-to-market capability. If you benchmark that against the CrowdStrike and the Okta to the world, or the Zscaler to the world, you'll see there's a natural evolution, which doesn't happen in two years. So, do we believe there is operating leverage in future years? Yes we do. It becomes a real question, do I want to go hire another 300 sales people, and beat as many deals as CrowdStrike or do I want to hire 100 salespeople and have a lower growth rate, because I don't believe I have the capability on the product side. Palo Alto Networks has never been in a position like today from a product capability perspective. Our products resonate, we rarely get thrown out because our products don't correct. And given the heightened security awareness in the market, we're seeing more traction because, as you guys know, our products are on the margin slightly more expensive or premium than some of the other players in the market. As the security awareness or heightened you know, desire to have a more secure product goes up, they’re better for us because the customer is more willing to be – willing to be tolerant of a price point associated with Palo Alto Networks. So honestly, I think I'm repeating what Deepak said, is that, we don't want to toddle the growth opportunity for us. When I came to Palo Alto, we were growing at the low 20s. Now we just showed you 27 And you know, maybe 28, 29 if you adjust for the annual plan stuff, and that's acceleration and we'd like to see if we can maintain high growth rates going forward and that requires us to invest and look for leverage in future years, we'll do that as a management team.
