Mark McLaughlin: Hi Saket thanks for being on the call. No, our roadmap is fairly well set right now for the next 12 to 18 months. We are really focused on the 7050 which we just launched the next edition of WildFire getting NSX out the door which is already GA but there will be improvements out later on with the VMware with the NSX Palo Alto edition and also probably some more device changes we will make in the next 12 to 18 months as far as introducing some new parts to the family and devices. And then the big picture obviously is getting the Cyvera integration done, so that we have the Cyvera as part of the platform that will be done by calendar year-end and so we like the roadmap we have right now for about next 12 to 18 months.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure. The subscription attach rate in the quarter was well over 35%, so good growth in attach rate. We added over 600 paid WildFire subscribers, so the paid base is over 2,000 subscribers now and I think about that in a number of ways. The paid subscribers against the total base of our customers which is well over 17,000 is more than 10%, right of the customer base using the paid for portion of this technology today. And we think that will continue to grow overtime or different way to think about it is, there is no reason to think that WildFire can’t grow to the size of your web filtering business or threat prevention business overtime and it looks like it’s heading in that direction.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure, Keith. Thanks for being on the call. Yes, WildFire is very important to us as a differentiator and I think it’s moving through phases. The first phase for us was as a door opener in order to be able to speak around cyber security, advanced persistent threats at the highest levels in companies and we’ve got a lot of traction from that. It’s into the selling phase now meaning that it’s selling very-very nicely. Attach rates are high. The reps really like to talk about it. The customers are very interested in it and I think is where it’s settling out now is its part of our platform. And just like the other components of the platform, it’s the entire platform working together that’s really unique and disruptive in the market and that is what differentiates us from all of the competition not just WildFire. It’s all those components working very-very well together in one automotive platform approach and soon to have Cyvera in that as well, but the highest level the difference between us and everybody also in the market who’s got a solution like this is the difference between detection and prevention. Everybody either has or say there is advanced detection capabilities for advanced persistent threats. We’re unique in having the most advanced detection capabilities but because we are the Firewall the ability to do prevention is well and that’s absolutely critical for companies as they think above protection and prevention.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure. We are very open for partnerships across the Board because the way we think about the business not just WildFire is what’s right for the customers, right. And customers definitely want the ability to do detection, which we do. They definitely want the ability to do prevention, which we’re unique and some stuff will get through, right. So the idea that you’d want to have some forensic capabilities and remediation capabilities, its true there is nothing, there is nothing wrong with that. Overtime that should abate as prevention capability gets better, but that’s definitely a need in the market today, and we’re very open to partnerships across the board with folks who can do those sorts of things for customer even if some competitive examples we have Cyvera where we’re partnered with some of the endpoint technology providers and other folks in the markets because that’s customers are asking for and we’re going to deliver the solution they’re looking for it.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure, Karl. I think there is the very tangible benefits of we’re not spending millions of dollars of quarter in legal expenses on a go forward basis and from a management perspective the burden of all this is primarily fall on myself, Steffan, and our General Counsel Jeff True who did job in all this by the way and not much beyond that. So we have had a lot of focus on litigation that frankly has been primarily from the investors and I understand why, you know, it’s an important thing, but that’s where a lot of our time and attention was put from management perspective and then from our legal teams perspective obviously they have been spending a lot of time in this as well. You know, below that or around that in the sales side, we have very-very few questions about the litigation from the minute it was filed up until today even less so in overtime it doesn’t appear to or have impacted our selling whatsoever. If that happened, it’s behind us now but it doesn’t look like it’s the case. From an engineering perspective, the team has been very just hedged on the product roadmap really not worrying about the litigation aspect of trying to do engineering work around that because the outcome was always uncertain and we don’t think we infringe in the first place. So the team, the engineering team hasn’t been really focused since then.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure Phil. The competition has been pretty aggressive on pricing for quite some time in response to our success. So it’s not any news that they continue to price very, very aggressively. We’ve been able to hold the line on that for a long time now. As we’ve reported every quarter as you can see from the gross margin discounting, this is the premium security technology in the market today with a platform approach and people understand that and they’re willing to pay for that. On the gross margin side, on the product side, we had a real nice lift from our higher end appliances and the 7050 and the 5000 and even the 3000 series, which carry nice gross margins. So that’s what we saw in this quarter. 
Mark McLaughlin: It’s really great. We have a lot of in-bound requests from our existing customer base, particularly the large customers, wanting to understand how the technology works. I think they got a good sense of what our description was, in it being very different. Now they want to touch it, they want to test it. There is a lot of interest in doing POCs with them, and we’re going to manage that very carefully so that we can get those done within a very quality manner from getting the technology to where it needs to be and also the ability to support and sell it in the field. So we have a plan around all that. You’ll see a lot of activity in the fall around this product coming to market.
Mark McLaughlin: Gregg, it’s hard to tell right now. Those are inexact things. Our best way to gauge that kind of thing as it turns out I think is coming from our major accounts team. So we’ve put a tremendous amount of effort as you’ve heard into major accounts in the last 18 months or so and our uptick in the G 2000 accounts, we’re adding a couple of dozen or more every quarter right. So we got over 800 and some G 2000 accounts now. We keep adding more every quarter and we get visibility into those accounts on a long term roadmap perspective and these are really big companies, long term roadmaps. So we’re getting our own sense of what they’re thinking about doing and the level of interest in moving to next generation technology I would say is very high generally. Specifically the things we’re doing on the virtualization side, almost a 100% hit rate into our openers and conversations around that and then obviously cyber security’s top of the mind for everybody as well. It’s again back to the platform approach. We do all those things in the platform. So instead of thinking about things as firewall refresh cycles, I think people are thinking about moving to the next generation of technology in the face of the really complex things they have to face today and I think we’re a big beneficiary of that and are going to do that in the future.
Mark McLaughlin: Hey Greg, it’s Mark. We have close to 4000 total customers today and like I said we added over 600 paying customers in the quarter. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure. So, well, well over a 1000 customers. This is like the 9th to 10th quarter in a row, I am losing track here, over a 1000, but well over a 1000 in this quarter and like you said the highest one we’ve had. Very importantly around that Rob as well as it’s great to feed the funnel off the top under the LAN part of this but the expand side is equally as interesting for us. So you know the number we share with the quarter on the LTV of the top 25 just continues to go up into the rate. This is the second quarter or third quarter, I have to go back and look at the data, but every top 25 customer purchased again in the quarter. Right so, with the way we think about that is over 17,500 total customers today, all of which continue to do repeat purchasing patterns that following the trends of those top 25. So just a lot of existing additional sales to be made to the existing base and then throwing in 1,000 plus new customers every quarter is just a great model.
Mark McLaughlin: Yeah, hey Jonathan. Definitely a tailwind for us to think, just from own my experience of talking to prospects about this and existing customers and what I hear from the field. It is, like I said close to 100% hit rate on when you’re having this conversation with folks that you are definitely invited back for the next meeting if they are VMware customers today. VMware has put a lot of time and effort into the NSX platform itself, which certainly helps us since the -- we’re integrated into that platform. They have trained up a specialized sales folks who are training their entire sales team on this as well. The product is now GAA [ph] and as far as all of the field work that needs begun with their folks, comp plans, all that kind of stuff, my understanding is that’s all completed and they will be bringing that to market in an organized way in June. So I would expect just from the pipeline we’re seeing, an interest level that this is going to be a good thing for us as it plays itself out through the end of this calendar year and into our -- into calendar ’15. It’s a fairly complex sale, right. This is virtualized datacenter stuff. So these are not 30 days sales. These are longer sales. And we definitely have the benefit of having VMware really organize and rallied around this as well in addition to our own sales team. So I think good things should come from this.
Mark McLaughlin: The international markets are great markets for us. As you can see from our numbers, I would say at pretty good scale. When you look at the Americas, which is the largest contributor there from a revenue perspective and its growth rate is fantastic. And then you look at the international side, which is less mature in a sense of when we team to market with that, the development of the teams and territories and all the things you do to grow markets, all growing at very nice rates as well. But I think on an absolute dollar basis, if you get outside the United States here and look at just how many dollars we bring in the quarter say in APAC for example versus what all the companies in that region spend on security technology, it’s just the tip of the iceberg. So we’re committed to the international markets. They are performing well for us and we think they’re going to be great contributors over the long haul for us.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Erik, as was saying a little earlier, it doesn’t appear that we really had any impact from a selling perspective from those litigation. The number of times that I got asked about it, by somebody in the field who talked to customers, Steffan or maybe [indiscernible] in 2.5 years. So the bottoms up feedback from the field is this has not been a significant issue from going to market. The numbers wouldn’t suggest it is either. So -- but if there were, in a way that it was not visible to us, that’s now removed and that’s a good thing for us.
Mark McLaughlin: So the Morta acquisition for us was about getting two things; one was an extremely talented group of guys who have a lot of expertise and a built technology. The second thing, which is really the subtle -- some of these have lateral movement of APTs and malware through networks, and which is becoming more and more important in the data center where things kind of find their way in there. So they’re moving quietly through the network into the data center. So when we use the terms like detection and prevention, this would fall really into the detection side of if something was in your network, being able to see it was there, so that you can then protect against it. And that technology is well along in its path in integration into the whole platform, including WildFire. And by the end of this calendar year -- we should see that in next release of WildFire early next year. But we’re excited about the technology we got there and it does a lot of great things around very sophisticated detection.
Mark McLaughlin: I think it’s definitely the case because of these high profile very well publicized attacks that folks are seeing, that the ability to have a conversation around cyber security advance persistent threats and then very importantly, the high differentiation of a platform that can do protection or prevention doesn’t hurt us at all. So these things all play to our favor. Our sales guys, they definitely understand how to take advantage of that and they have been doing that very successfully in the field.
Mark McLaughlin: I would say lots and lots of cases of standardization. The reason for the pause there for a second was that when companies standardize on Palo Alto, particularly large companies, that is the beginning of a multi-year process of putting Palo Alto all throughout the enterprise, all throughout the network and that takes time. Interestingly, that’s one of the reasons you see on the LTV the top 25 our ability to come on the phone every quarter and say that number goes up, everybody is buying every quarter, that those companies began with an initial purchase for something and then ultimately, in a lot of cases say we’re going to make Palo Alto networks the backbone of our enterprise network security. And then that manifests itself through all these repeat purchases. Only the customer knows about the date picture, roadmap of how those things look like. We get the visibility into that in our strategic planning sessions with them, and then what we see on a quarterly basis, when they’re making -- putting in orders against what they have shared with us from those decisions, but I think when you just think about -- over 60% of our base today is using us as a firewall. Over 75% of our initial sales there is a firewall. That’s a great indicator of standardization when you become the firewall for an enterprise.
Mark McLaughlin: I think its early innings around that Brent; for two reasons. The first is that for the datacenter itself, having the next generation capabilities we bring to that has been very interesting for customers for some time and then the ability in the North-South traffic to now do that at a 100 gig plus just opens of tons of possibility for existing customers, who are already using us and new customers, whether they’re looking for that throughput requirement and then the Greenfield opportunity in the datacenter is really in the virtualization space with our own VM-series, with the NSX technology for East-West protection. That’s a use case that is fairly new for companies, really starting to understand they have to provide that same level next-generation security to their own traffic in a datacenter. That’s not something that they had to do before ABTs became so [indiscernible] for example. So it’s a combination of those two things, which is very high throughput North-South, East-West Greenfield opportunity, but being the only Company that can do the next-generation platform capabilities in both of those instances is a tremendous opportunity for us. Like I said, I think its early innings in all that for us. 
Mark McLaughlin: Yes Shaul, just it’s a general matter, you should assume that regardless where we are, that almost 100% of our sales are displacement sales. So generally somebody is losing for us to win, and we do that at very high rates and it doesn’t matter around the geography. I mentioned just a few things we did in APAC in the last quarter. The largest Casino in Asia, for example, like Kabukicho in Japan, both are displacements in those cases. But then almost everything we do is a displacement.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Fred. Yes, it has been very positive for us. So as far as selling the product, we’ll be doing that in a very organized approach in the fall of this year; meaning, having it integrated into the platform, having the sales people know how to sell it and the support personnel who can support that. Putting that aside for a second though, this is another instance of being able to really strategic conversations with folks in companies. So great door opener for us right now. We are definitely talking about that. We’re talking about how it fills up the third corner of our enterprise security platform. So we have the firewall, we have the cloud and now we have the endpoint as well and that’s resonating very well. As a result of that the interest level, like I said earlier in the call, is very high. The request for POCs are off the charts. So we have got more inbound interest than we can handle at the moment. We want to make sure we do that in a very organized way. So we bring this to market as Palo Alto Networks quality.
Mark McLaughlin: Thanks, operator. Thanks everyone for being on the call this afternoon and I want to say a special thank you to all the Palo Alto Networks team for all the hard work and support, our customers and partners as we continue to redefine the next generation of enterprise security. We appreciate your interest in the company. Thanks.
Steffan Tomlinson: So maintenance has been performed at a very high cliff. It grew 10% sequentially, 58% year-over-year. It’s a differentiated product that we have and you can’t really buy a platform and an appliance without buying maintenance services and the value added engineering that we’re putting into releases and fixes et cetera, customers have to have maintenance. So the attach rate on maintenance has historically been very high as we sell larger appliances down the road, we will have an incremental dollar benefits, all our contribute benefit from maintenance revenue as well. So we have a great customer support team. Our customer satisfaction scores continue to be best in class and we knew that that line has a competitive differentiator. 
Steffan Tomlinson: And just an add on point to that, we really look our product portfolio as a platform and when you have a hybrid SaaS model with high attach rates on subscription services and you look at the benefits of a total gross margin, we are seeing a tailwind around the benefit that we’re getting from subscriptions. So we’re holding the discounting line on product. We’re selling more higher end appliances and the power of the subscription model is coming into play here. 
Steffan Tomlinson: We’re going to be updating folks on modeling assumptions for FY15 at the end of the Q4 call. But I can tell you that our goal is to continue to outpace the market in terms of growth rate in the competitive landscape. We’re definitely committed to continuing to prudently and consciously invest in parts of the business that have a good ROI and you can see the results that we’ve been posting. So our plan is to continue to grow at a very brisk pace in FY15.
Steffan Tomlinson: Yes, so what we ended up giving was some guidance on CapEx, which for the full year we’re looking at $42 million to $47 million in CapEx. And to-date we spent around, call it, $31 million - $32 million of CapEx. So there will be some additional CapEx in Q4. As far as cash flow from operations or free cash flow, we would expect to deliver healthy free cash flow, cash flow from operations but you’re going to have to exclude the $75 million payment to Juniper, kind of looking at pro forma cash flow for that. So we expect to continue to drive healthy free cash flows in it. Part of that hybrid SaaS model that we have has been a differentiator for us from a business model standpoint. Our free cash flow margins tend to be -- call it anywhere between 8% to 12% higher than our operating margins, and that’s because how we license and how we go to market. So we think that free cash flow and cash flow from our office will continue to grow hopefully.
Steffan Tomlinson: No, thankfully we didn’t --we had very good product demand planning cycles that we go through. We have a stellar operations and product management team. They are we are able to forecast. And we have very close customer intimacy. So we had a good handle on what the demand was coming into the quarter. So we were well situated to fulfill that demand.
Steffan Tomlinson: Interestingly enough, each of the subscriptions that we had this quarter, all grew sequentially which was nice. As we have mentioned before, threat prevention are filtering are already at very high rates, kind of the sequential growth rate, will by definition be just a little bit less. But as you point out, it’s really the power of the platform and the subscriptions that are big differentiator and we’re selling integrated appliance which is a big differentiator for us.
Steffan Tomlinson: Historically what we have done is, semi-annually we give the total metric. And we don’t get into each specific subscription. So as of Q2 we had an attach rate of about 1.9 as an average across the four subscriptions. And that metric has increased over the last several periods. And the reason why it is increasing is customers are continually looking for an integrated solution so they don’t have to have a proliferation of devices behind the firewall. So the elegance of the platform with the subscriptions provide the big differentiator.
Steffan Tomlinson: We feel great with our cash position right now and I think as a differentiator to our business model, relative to some other folks out there, we’ve been able to generate over $8 million of free cash flow fiscal year-to-date. And yes, we look to keep our options open. But we feel comfortable with our cash position and our ability to continue to generate cash. 
