Mark D. McLaughlin: We appreciate you being on the call today. In summary, while we are excited and confident about the future, we know we have work to do to improve our execution and operational discipline. We will navigate the near-term challenges while executing on our strategy of being the leading global enterprise security provider. And with that, we will open the call up for questions. Operator, please go ahead.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Sure, Matt. Thanks. Great question. So, we need to do three basic things here from a go-to-market perspective on the items I talked about. The first is we have to go back and do account mapping or remap the accounts from a coverage perspective because we have the account coverage blurred right now in a way that's not helping us. Second thing we're going to have to do is reallocate the resources to properly align with that account coverage. And then the third thing is to make sure we've got the right people with the right skills in the right seat. So, it's a pretty big effort we have to undertake here. We started it already. We expect to be working through that in the second half and hopefully we'll see the benefits of that as we come out of the back half of the year into fiscal 2018.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, it's a good question, Matt. So, what we're very focused on is productivity at this point, right. So, we've brought a lot of people in in the tail half of fiscal 2016, twice as many as we've done before. So, we're going to continue to add some heads into this from a go-to-market perspective. We'll slow that rate down in the back half of the year, but we're primarily interested in increasing the productivity and the conversion in the pipeline. So that's our main effort.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, Michael. It's Mark. So, we have been running our playbook very successfully for quite some time, as I said, and we continue to run that in fiscal 2017. What we did incorrectly as we look back on this, and it's biting us now, is just the magnitude of what we did coming out of 2016 into 2017 in the rate of territory splits. And I'll give you some other examples as well. In the hopes of driving higher productivity on investments, we moved broad swaths of customer base into inside sales and resourced that accordingly. That turned out to not be the boost to productivity we thought so as an example, we had to bring big swaths of customer accounts from a mapping perspective back into territories, have the right people in the chairs in order to execute on those. So we know the playbook has worked for us in the past, and we think we realize what we've done incorrectly with that playbook and we're going to go fix it.
Mark D. McLaughlin: No. We like our channel a lot. Channel's been very good to us, and we've got great relationships with the channel so we're not going be changing that strategy.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, sure, Pierre. Let me see if I can track all that. Let me start in with the first one. On the competitor front, we watch that very closely. We believe and have believed for some time that we have the best technical leadership in the market today. We vastly increased that with the new product launch we did on February 7, which is very well attended, and the addition of the LightCyber is an example into the family as well. The issues that we're dealing with we think are primarily execution oriented and that we can go address those things. We've seen continued progress in the market. We just did another quarter of 2,000 net new customers, increasing the lifetime value as well, Very, very high customer sat scores and Net Promoter Scores as well. So, the feedback from the market seems very positive. This is something it appears that we've done to ourself and something that we can fix. On the size of the sales force, to give you some example, we brought in more than twice as many folks into the sales organization as we progressed through fiscal 2016 than we did in 2015 and added some more in Q1 of 2017 as well. So the rate and pace was a lot higher, and in hindsight realizing that that is something that has created challenges for us and we're going to go fix that. And on your last question as far as what are people working? Everybody is working very hard and very diligently, but the amount of relationship changes that occurred, these various account coverage moves that we made is very high. So when you're moving the relationships around and trying to build on those relationships, it's hard. And at a minimum, we would see something like we're seeing now. We should have seen this earlier, but inaccuracies in forecasting about where things are in the pipeline, as people are getting closer and closer to that customer over time.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Hey, Andrew. It's a good question. It's possible they may. The new products have been received very well from customers' feedback. So far we've had a fantastic launch and they are really good. As Steffan mentioned, we did see some customers delaying purchases. We got to the end of the second quarter in January, we're always trying to walk a very fine line on bringing new products to market and when you do that. We certainly wouldn't want to bring to market at the end of the quarter, so we brought them out right in the beginning. You may have noticed we did a lot of advertising, not specifically about the products, but that something big was coming. So that's always hard to get that right towards the beginning of a launch. As far as folks coming into the third quarter, we expect the products to sell very well, and we think they're fantastic. Unfortunately, what we have is the execution issues are going to overweight any goodness in that for some time, and we have to work through those execution issues.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yes. As we've said in the past, we think we have a very significant refresh opportunity in front of us, and that, of course, hasn't changed. I think, the new products is going help on that. It's going to be up against the headwind of the execution stuff we just mentioned. But kind of putting that in perspective, so if you look at all the cohorts or classes of customers as far as from 2008 to 2012, it's about a little over 8,000 total. The 2013 class in and of itself is 6,000, and it grows from there. So I think we've got a lot of refresh opportunity in front of us. That hasn't changed. We're confident about that. But we got to work through these other issues to really get the benefit of that.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, sure, Phil. On the first question on the refresh. Well, having execution headwinds doesn't help at all of course. But we're very confident that people are going to – want to going to refresh on the new product line. The new product line is really good and it provides three or four different opportunities from a refresh perspective, and it's clearly designed to do it that way. But again, it's going to be up against this just getting our act together from a go-to-market perspective, and implementing the changes we need to implement. I'll let Mark Anderson answer the service provider question.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, sure. A very good question, Jayson. Lots and lots of vendors up there, and lots of people showed up at RSA which is I think a good thing in the sense of there needs to be a lot of innovation in the security industry. But I'll answer your question in two different ways. First from a backdrop perspective, it seems like securities still remains a priority and spending is good on security. So what we're facing here is things that we've created ourselves here, not so much a spending issue in security. I think on the second front, it's becoming more apparent and I can see it (33:31) at RSA about what the consumption model of all that innovation is going to look like over time. And what I mean by that is very clear that the age of the platform for security, we invented that in the first place and we're doing very well against that. And I think people are going to increasingly consume all that innovation through platforms. There's going to be less and less platform companies out there. And a lot of the smaller companies who are highly innovative will become parts of those platforms evidenced by the LightCyber acquisition this afternoon. Whether it's through acquisition or partnerships, I think more and more is going to happen over time.
Mark D. McLaughlin: No, the competition has been fierce for a long time, Ken. And I think it will continue to be that way. People buy usually on three angles. Security, reduction in complexity and cost and different players in the market have gone after different levels there. Ours is kind of top-down, which is security, reduction in complexity, and at a very good cost. Other people approach from a different angle, but haven't noticed anything different from the competitive landscape in that regard.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, sure, Ken. Yeah, we, of course, we anticipated and we said this before that we thought that Q2 would be the low point from a product growth perspective year-over-year. And unfortunately, we were inaccurate in that regard because of the things we're facing here. But we also believe those things are within our control and we can fix them and that we will be able to get back on track from a product growth perspective.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, great question, Sterling. I think, we could actually back it up a little further from a Q1 perspective, and what we saw in Q1, which we talked to you guys about as well, which was the first two months being on track and then seeing some slowdown in month three, in our case is specific to some large deals. In hindsight, looking back on that and looking for a pattern in that, that's what we saw play out in Q2 as well. We had a good November, right on track. We had good December, right on track and then we saw a slowdown but on a much broader base in January. So that's what it looked like as far as the Q2 playing out from a linearity perspective.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, I don't think it was that much. I mean, if you look at – we're not happy that we came in under the guide, right, in Q2 on that, but we weren't that far away from it. So it's not that much and it's also very hard to tease through like what's related to the execution and then what people are saying specifically on product delays, so it's a little bit difficult to say.
Mark D. McLaughlin: That's a great question, John. So I think – well, a couple things on this; one on the new business side. We have to acquire new customers; and we have to expand in our existing customer base as well. And so we always watch both of those, and the bulk of the business obviously as we get bigger will come from expansion. We just acquired 2,000 new customers in the quarter, so it seems like from a customer acquisition and win-rate perspective and the environment, it's been healthy. It continues to be healthy. And what we're seeing now is the slowdown from a conversion perspective on the expansion downstream, which makes sense to us as we look back onto the go-to-market motions we made about changing these relationships around. So existing relationships got changed around a lot within two, three different times in a short period of time is going create some anxiety from the customer account coverage perspective. And that's where we see the slowdown, and the conversion is down through the expansion business.
Mark D. McLaughlin: We're actually seeing an increase in east-west traffic, interest and protection. And the reason, it's actually is related to the cloud as well because at the same time people are on a journey to the cloud, they're also doing lots of data center work to virtualize and optimize data centers. When they do that, they use a lot of virtualization inside those data center environments, which means that they're going to micro-segment all those environments inside of the data center, which is great. But then you have to also be able to protect the information, and it traverses east-west through those micro segments, not just north-south. So we're actually seeing a continually building use case for that or ever since we started off with that with VMware NSX, which has been pretty successful for us.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Sure thing. Walter. So we just put up another 2,000 net acquisition quarter, which is good. We have to make some assumptions as we play out the second half of the year with the execution issues as to how that would impact things. We will see how that plays out. It's a little too early to call that right now. But as I was telling John a little earlier on his question as well, we have to get two things right. We have to get the net new customer acquisition right, and then even more importantly, we have to get the expansion right in the existing customer bases. And if you move the relationships around inside of there, it can create longer timeframes that you know what's happening from a deal perspective and accurately forecast when you are going to get the ball over the line. And I think that's the area where we broke things and we're going to go fix them.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, I'll take the first one, Karl. So we're not happy with the guidance we've put out there, we're working to fix that, of course. And we have a number of issues we got to go work on. We're going to progress through that through the back half of the year and expect that will get us back on track. We need to go sort that out, and we'll come back to you as fast as we can with much better answers on a long-term basis for fiscal 2018. We don't think that would be prudent right now to set that out there.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, hey, Catharine. It's always good to hear from you. On the cloud side, I don't think the product growth for the second half has anything to do with the cloud. That's actually been a good opportunity for us. In a lot of ways, a lead generator. It's always when there is something new, whether it's virtualization or cloud, in this case for mobility, we've been able to exploit that opportunity is another reason to talk to Palo Alto Networks where somebody may not otherwise and start doing business with them in the first place and do more business over time and that's what we've been seeing. So we're not happy about the product guide for the second half of the year. We don't believe that's due to the cloud, I'm going let Mark Anderson take the channel question.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Hey, Jonathan. No, this is across the board. But it may be obvious but I'll state it anyway that with the Americas being such a large contributor to the business today, that's where we would see the most impact.
Mark D. McLaughlin: So from a timing perspective, we're underway with the activities that I talked about a little earlier. We'll be prosecuting those through the back half of the year. And we would hope to have them all finished by the back half of the year and we'd be able to come out of the year and into fiscal 2018 in a better position than we are. I was saying a little earlier, we've got a lot of stuff to sort out here. We know we can do better than we are today and what we're guiding. But it would be too early for us and really not prudent to try to call out what it may be into next year.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Sure. That's a very good question. So, whenever we introduce new hardware, we're expecting movement from existing hardware products to new ones. So in all these cases some customers are going to move up. Some will move across. Some are going to move down. It's just inevitable that it's going to occur so we have to try to take all that into account when we're forecasting. So with the introduction of the PA-220, the 800 and the 5200 series as the main things we just brought to market. We expect we're going to see a lot of movement with the new hardware platforms and we're going to see two incremental opportunities. One is going to be the refresh as we were talking about a little earlier, and they also give us a chance to just get new competitive wins with these hardware capabilities. And just, I think something we also have to think about we have here is that when you are thinking through trade down the impacts, you want to make sure that's minimal. So it's our job to make sure we're offering customers a really compelling reason to want a higher capacity and performance for us. We see our very high attach rates and use of subscriptions. We're seeing increasingly growing need for SSL decryptions, so customers are looking for a lot more powerful systems like the ones that we just introduced. So that's art and science there. We hopefully get both of them right.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Sure. So they're related very much, so we have – the attach rates have been up year-over-year from 2.3 percentage point to 2.6 percentage point. And of course, they're attaching the hardware device itself. So when we think about refresh opportunities, we're giving customers a lot to progress towards from a refresh perspective. And we're also hoping that as happened in the past, that people would attach subscriptions at very high rates when they do that. And then we also have a great opportunity just to win new business as well with the new hardware along with the growing capabilities with platform as well.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, that's a really good question, Saket. So from a pipeline perspective, we have done in the past, we're continuing to do a very nice job in demand generation. So we have a very good pipeline in terms of the size of the pipeline. We think the quality of the pipeline is very good as well. What we're seeing though is the conversion of the pipeline, so it's not really a demand generation issue; it's really just making sure that we get it converted in the timeframe it's going to get converted. But the pipeline's good.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Yeah, there are multiple things there, I can't remember who asked that question before, but as an example of something that we've always done in the running of this playbook was increasingly segment the market; in this case, in trying to drive increasingly higher levels of productivity and better return on investment, we've moved a broad swath of customers into the inside sales organization and resourced that accordingly, the folks who used to be in what we call (56:40). So just think of it simply along those ways. And that's really not working out, so as just one example of things we need to do is we need to map those accounts back from where they were back into those territories. Make sure we got the right people focused on them and make sure we realign the resources appropriately.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Great. Thanks, operator. I appreciate that. Before I close, I'd like to thank the Palo Alto Networks team for their dedication and our customers and partners for the opportunity to work with them. And I'd really like to welcome the LightCyber team to the company. And we take the responsibility of helping the world's largest organizations solve their most critical security challenges very seriously and we appreciate your support. Thank you very much.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Yeah, so we just came off a quarter where we posted 26% year-over-year growth and clearly we're not satisfied with that. We've identified execution issues that we're in the process of working through, and we have a high level of confidence they're within our control and we can fix them. We need to get through that work before we call the ball on future levels of growth. But I can tell you that we feel very confident in returning to growth. And we get these execution issues fixed and we'll be in a much better position going forward.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Yeah, good question, Gabriela. When we're looking at sales productivity relative to our plan, we are looking at high single-digit delta between what the planned productivity was and what it's actually forecasted to be. And we're factoring that into our guidance for the second half, and we're purposefully being prudent and cautious around the guide because we understand that the execution issues will take a while to get through. We're actively working on those remediations right now and we factor that into the guide. And when you look at timing of sales cycle elongation, we've seen elongating sales cycles. We called that out in Q1. We saw an extension of that in Q2 but on a much broader base. So we're clearly not satisfied with the year-over-year growth that we're posting. And we feel like after we make the execution fixes, sales elongation should contract a little bit, and sales productivity should increase.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: There was nothing done programmatically to drive it higher. This is a dollar weighted calculation. mot a simple average or just number of customers. So we always see that customers – we've been seeing this trend over time. Customers are asking us to standardize for multi-year periods on our architecture. We view that as a positive indicator of our technology lead. And so there's nothing new from an incentive standpoint to encourage that behavior. It's more customer driven.
Steffan C. Tomlinson: Yeah, and from a billings growth standpoint, and you look at how that translates to revenue, let me start by saying it all really begins with sales productivity. And with sales productivity tracking high single-digits below our plan, that translates into much lower billings growth. If you remember, if you look at the composition of our billings we get in the first half of 2017, about 69% was subscription support and renewal. When you look at revenue, we're effectively indicating that product revenue is going be flat for the full year fiscal 2017 versus 2016. We're still anticipating high levels of subscription and support growth from a revenue standpoint. But because sales productivity is tracking so far below where we had originally planned, and we're intentionally taking corrective steps to fix that problem, we're anticipating much lower billings growth during this transition period as we're trying to correct the problems. And after we correct the problems, we should see a return to much healthier billings growth than what we're seeing today and what we're forecasting for the balance of the fiscal year.
