Mark McLaughlin: Yeah. Keith thanks. So in the first question on macro size, we said in the last quarter and I think that we saw this broadly across the whole technology industry, there was fairly negative sentiment out there. And we saw that improve in Q4 and we’re happy [indiscernible] that would expect into the future. And we had mentioned a couple of soft spots last quarter as well that one being Australia. We saw very different performance there in the fourth quarter and very excited team who has done a great job for us there, and we see increasingly nice revenue growth rates in APAC as a result. On the product revenue side, when I think about what's happening in the industry with the paradigm shift and really looking at the growth of the platform, right. So we are attempting to build the entire platform. I think when you look at the success of that and the total topline revenue growth of the company, we are outpacing everybody in the industry by very wide margin. And that’s true in every aspect of the platform including the product portion of it as well. We know we're coming off some pretty tough comps through fiscal '17 compared to '16, but we still expect that we would outpace all the players in the industry by wide margin in product as well as for the total platform.
Mark McLaughlin: Not at all. I think they were doing very well competitively and doing better and better as time goes on. It's pretty evident that I think if you look at the result that customers are really rallying around the idea of a platform for the reasons I mentioned on the call there, I mean this is evolutionary in nature, but I think it's taken up steam. They're really fed up with the cost expense [indiscernible] point products and legacy technology and I think the platform concept for real platform is resonating very well with them. When you look across the board at some of the statistics that I noted and Steffan noted about the growth that's not only on the hardware side of the business, but the attached and non-attached subscriptions side are all growing at very high rates.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure it’s completely understandable Brent as well. So as we've grown the business and we're running at a pretty big scale right now, whereas you can see from the billings side as well to well over $2 billion and growing very quickly we have to keep trying to invest in advance everywhere in the company to maintain seamless growth and we've been doing that for a long time from people process and business perspective and we’re going to keep doing that into the future. At this size we thought it would be very good for us to have a great professional who has been around the block a number of times to pay attention exclusively to sales and channels, working with Mark in that regard who has done a great job for us for the last four years and has built up a great rapport with the customers and the team as well. And we also wanted to give more focus and capacity, capabilities to Mark for some very important things that we need to do in the future, like driving relationships with strategic [integrators] [ph]. He is going to take on the bulk of the strategic relationships with our cloud partners and business development as well. So we can give more focus and capacity in those areas which are going to be important for us to grow into the future. And of course benefit of that as well as that gives me some more focusing capacity to work on the more strategic things in the company. So I would just look at this as continued increase in focus and capacity and we're really glad to have Dave on the team.
Mark McLaughlin: Good question, Saket. So we're looking at our business model and where we are as a size of the company today. We’ve got a great model with the platform. Steffan mentioned, has very high free cash flow generation. We expect that to continue in the future as we benefited a lot from that. We had about a $1.9 billion in cash primarily on shore. We're throwing off very high numbers from our free cash flow perspective and we’re going to keep doing that into the future as people adopt the platform. And so with all that in mind, we talk about use of cash regularly and the Board as you want us do and expect us to do. There are always three objectives in that right. One is to make sure that we then invest well into the business, which we're doing. You can see, we've put a lot of money into the business appropriately to continue to get market share at these rates. We also when I make sure we have appropriate amounts of cash that we could action in the M&A that we might find interesting. At any given time we certainly have the capability to do that. And then also, if possible opportunistically to return some cash to shareholders. You can take that into account as well. So at this size, with the kind of cash flow generation we think we can accomplish all this effectively.
Mark McLaughlin: Hey, Sterling. We had a strong July. We would expect that when everybody is into their -- accelerates in the fourth quarter. So it's not unusual to be the case. We did say in the third quarter we saw some more loaded third month in that quarter I think that was really sentiment related, but really nothing unusual from a fourth quarter perspective.
Mark McLaughlin: The unattached, they're all doing very well. We put out some slide materials as well which I am not sure if you are able to reference, but if you have them Walter or not, but when you get a chance, you can take a look at them. And one of the slide that we dropped in there is really showing the customer adoption rates of all the services right. So that's slide 12 in the deck if you're looking at it. So we're trying to show a number of things there. One is you can see where the services were introduced from availability perspective right and you can see historically over time, after we've done introduction of a service, over the years it has grown very nicely from a customer adoption perspective and it certainly looks like the newer services are tracking in that regard. I mentioned Aperture and AutoFocus have about 100 customers now and the year after launch and that’s growing very nicely. Traps are well over 500 customers now. I think for sure we're hitting an inflection point in that business in the second half of '16. We are getting very, very good feedback from customers and partners on that now and we expect it will be major playing in that business. And the M-series is growing very well too. We have over 1700 customers in the M-series and it continues to grow at higher rates. One of the interesting thing about the M-series as well as if we took what we did in business and I mentioned some of the magnitude on that and look at that in fiscal '16, product wise, it’s not product revenue of course. It is subscription services revenue but that would add a few points of our product revenue in fiscal '16. And then finally, I gave this on the call and the script, but we're running Traps business and VM-Series business each of those are at multiple mid-figure at mid eight figures right now growing at triple digit, and so we're very happy with the progress of all the unattached services and we’d expect that growing over time.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, sure. I think when we look at the nature of the industry, if you took like a 10-year view, right, particularly in a borrower market and sort of cyclical in nature and with various ups and downs over time, but regardless of the cyclical nature in that, and if you look at our performance over that period of time, we continue to significantly outperform the market on all aspects of the platform, including like the hardware portion of that is well. And we’re looking at fiscal '17 over '16. We’ve got some pretty tough comps, as you can see, particularly in the first half. We do expect to grow the product revenue sequentially every quarter after Q1, as we said. And we also believe that we’ve got the benefit of our own internal refresh, which is good and increasing over time. And when you look at the cohort analysis of the number of customers into the cohorts, almost 29,000 of the 34,000 customers are after 2012, right? So it’s a very significant uptick post the 2012 cohort as well, and we expect to see that continue to add steam towards the back half of the year and into fiscal '18 and beyond.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure. That’s a great question. We’re very convinced that the platform is the winning strategy. It’s been the case for years now. And our view of the platform is, is that it’s very important that the capabilities are doing a number of things. One is that they’re actually doing something from a security perspective to try to find and stop an attack somewhere in its lifecycle. The second thing is that there is need to each other and what I mean by that is they actually work very, very closely together, so that you get a high degree of automation. And then from that, you can get leverage when you add every new customer in that, right? So every single customer helps every other consumer. So that's really the kind of simplest definition of a platform. And it is way more possible to get that outcome when things are actually under your control and you build them yourselves. Our motion here is to get it to a more than $2 billion run rate in billings, has been primarily to do those things ourselves because we get all three of those very important points from a platform perspective, right? Now that doesn’t mean that there can’t be M&A in the future. It’s possible. We’ve done a few deals like that. We would action that if we thought it was important from a platform perspective and we put something seamlessly into the platform to fit all those definitions into the future, but customers really know the difference. They know the difference when you’re trying to smash things together that you purchased in the market and try to call the platform a pseudo platform. They don’t like the fact that those things don’t really get integrated and they have to be the integrator of those technologies over time and they’re really just rebelling against that. So anyway, the native concept of the platform I think is very, very important. And our primary motion would be to make things ourselves when we can.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Rob. It’s a good question. I think it’s a mix of all those things. But if I had to weigh them, right, I would say that primarily we’re getting better and better and better at this, right? So we've got some competitive advantages here on Traps in and of itself, like every other one of our capabilities in our platform. Our bar we use for that it has to be as good, if not better than any best of breed capability and we're definitely doing that with every release and making it the best possible endpoint protection you can get and AV replacement, right, in three, four, which we just released is a major step forward to this thing ahead on AV replacement, right? The second thing is we want to make sure that we leverage those best capabilities from an endpoint perspective into the network itself. So a unique competitive advantage we have here is it that they’re very tied into, for lack of a better term, the networks to the network and the endpoints are learning from each other and actually being able to do prevention with each other in a highly automated fashion.  And then the third point is the very native integration into WildFire. So we get the leverage from a threat intelligence perspective both to the endpoints and to the networks. Customers really understand that and I think that when they’re comparing them to either a legacy solution that really isn’t working and they know it, they’re choosing Palo Alto more often than not.  And when they compare us to the multitude of next-gen endpoint providers in the market, those providers really can’t stand up to the platform, the power of the platform, and we’re seeing that, like I said, in the second half of fiscal '16 that the team did a fantastic job of growing the customer base, growing the bookings on that and I expect that will continue in the future.
Mark McLaughlin: Well, Rob, it’s always been a very competitive market that we live in. And I expect that that’s going to continue and maybe even heat up as we go into the future. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that if you are a legacy firewall vendor, they’re kind of getting down to the last cards you can play. Increasingly, one of those is price. And if you’re a point provider, that maybe the only cards you can play at this point. So we’re definitely seeing very aggressive behavior in the market. Nonetheless, we continue to win at very high rates. You can see from our gross margins, they continue to be very good. So we’re able to sell value. We’re not intentionally, we’re not selling on price. We’re selling on value. And we expect that we’ll be able to continue that into the future, but, people are getting desperate out there.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Pierre, good question. So as you know, we don’t provide annual guidance right and we would not be doing that in the future. But we want to be as helpful as we possibly can from a modeling perspective here. And with the impact of the deferred commissions, it has a good positive contribution to EPS on a full year basis, but it lags itself over the full year, right? So we really, want to make sure that we can be helpful with the models on thinking about what the impact of that would be over the years. So that’s why we wanted to give a full, one-time full year view on what the EPS range could look like. And of course, if you’re talking about EPS and you don’t have some kind of revenue in mind, that’s not very helpful as well. So we just anchored that into current consensus, which we’re comfortable with, and that’s why we did that.
Mark McLaughlin: We considered in the commentary to give some guidance on the EPS related to the current consensus on revenue what we’ve talked about from a product revenue perspective of the 12% to 13% growth rate.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Karl, and the second point, I think you’re spot on for sure. The whole industry is talking about what we’re talking about here, and that’s because of this paradigm shift I mentioned, right, and not to give ourselves too much credit, I think we’re the main driver of that over time. We created a concept of a real platform. We’re assuming services into that platform at a rapid rate and very seamlessly, right? And I think if you’re a point provider in the market today and your capabilities are going away from a hardware perspective, you only have one direction to go, which is try to tournament the services, which people are trying to do. But at the same time, you’re facing those things just being subsumed into the platform. And if you’re a legacy firewall vendor, you don’t have a real platform. Of course, you’re all coming up with the services as far as I can tell. I don’t have all the details, right? It looks like a lot of those folks are trying to bundle them from free as a way to maintain the firewall position. But if they’re not used, right, they’re not very useful. In our case, we know that people are using them. They’re paying us. They’re paying us full boat for those things, renewing them at very high rates which is great and they’re buying it very rapid rates, right? And we can see that across the board from a purchasing perspective, right? Steffan mentioned that in our prepared remarks, in our top 25 customers on lifetime value and I don’t know if you have those charts, but if you get a chance check out number 17, which really is the view that you’ve seen for some time on lifetime value. But we went back and took a look at customers with multi-year purchases as well, right, because multi-year purchases mean they’re committing to Palo Alto Networks and more and more capabilities and for longer periods of time but also, I think people are little worried about it. People are making multi-year purchases, are they gone, right? And what’s happening from buying perspective, on Slide 17 there, even if people are making multi-year purchases, they're making frequent purchases inside that multi-year period, excluding renewals, right? And though they’re continuing to come back and adopt more and more of the platform. And if we look at over a top 1,000 customers and look at all those who made a multi-year purchase just to expand this view for a second and made a multi-year purchase, over 90% of them have made a subsequent purchase after they made multi-year purchase, right? So anyway, sorry, I’ve going on in length here, but I think this whole paradigm shift you’re seeing and you've noted in the entire industry is very important and there is definitely a move into more of these capabilities being delivered in services. And like I said, not to give ourselves too much pat on the back, I think we actually, we invented that and we’re disproportionately benefiting from it.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Michael, no, I don’t think so. I think we’re looking at the overall numbers that we’re driving if we start with that for a second, right, just what’s happening from wins in the market, we’re always going to start with and try to drive the total revenue rates on the platform. So you can see we’re very committed to high continued, high growth in this. And that includes the product component. And like I said to the earlier question, to the extent that there is cyclical natures and product purchases over time, we’ve outperformed that very handily in any of those kind of environments as well. But mostly, we’re just dealing with tough comps here as we look at fiscal 2017.
Mark McLaughlin: I think that’s all the time we have. So I’d like to thank anybody for being on the call this afternoon. Just to reiterate, fiscal '16 was a very good year for us. I want to once again thank the Palo Alto Networks team and our partners for all their hard work and their support and particularly our customers as well for their trust they continue to put in us. As we look ahead, we’re more convinced than ever of our ability to continue to take market share and distance ourselves from the competition. We look forward to updating you on that progress in the next call. Thanks, everybody.
Steffan Tomlinson: And I'll just also add on that Keith is, this was the highest new addition of customer logos in the quarter that we've had, which demonstrates that we are taking market share in a meaningful way. And the other point that I would like to make is we're able to monetize our customer base and platform much better than the competition. And if you look at any metric on a revenue per customer basis, and you stack us up against any of the competitors out there, we are multiples ahead of them, which demonstrate the fact that the customer base wants the entire platform both the hardware, each subscription that we sell, the four attached and the four non-attached.
Steffan Tomlinson: Well we are running the playbook that we've been running for a long time now. And we updated at our Analyst Day, we have a growth and profitability framework where we're in high growth mode, where revenues are growing greater than 30%. We are focused on growing that top line but also increasing operating margin and what we committed was, we be in 100 to 200 basis points range of annual operating margin improvement which is exactly what we are calling for with our guide. And then we have the incremental benefit from the deferred commissions project which gives us another 150 to 200 bps on top of that, but this is a playbook we are running and we have call it, top high single digit market share and what will be a $22 billion TAM and the platform is resonating so well with customers we are not trying to stretch for profitability at this point. The other point I will make is operating margin is a lagging indicator of the business. People need to be looking at free cash flow as an indicator of profitability in addition to operating margin and we are looking at posting free cash flow margins of greater than 40% on an adjusted basis for the fiscal year. And that was actually the power of the model, and I don’t know of many other companies who are able to post that type of top line growth and those types of free cash flow growth and margin structure.
Steffan Tomlinson: We feel committed to the ranges that we talked about at Analyst Day. And so when you look at what we are delivering for FY '17, we are little bit above that stated range because of the impact of deferred commissions. Post '17, because of the amortization you're going to have some of the FY '17 expense hitting in FY '18 etcetera. So we are still committed to the 100 to 200 Bps post FY '17 provided we’re in high growth mode. At some point in the future, as the model indicates, we’ll start delivering more operating margin expansion if and when revenue growth moderates a bit. But we remain confident that we're going to be in high growth mode for years to come and we have a framework that we're running the business to and we want to be very transparent with investors on both the organic improvement and the improvement from the deferred commissions change.
Steffan Tomlinson: And putting things in context, our guidance indicates that we’re running roughly three quarters of $1 billion product revenue business in FY '17, which is by far in a way, the largest from a product revenue standpoint versus the competition. And the other thing is we are driving a platform sale. So product, it is an important component, but it’s not the only component. We’ve been driving the business and you’re seeing the impact of recurring revenue coming into the mix in a meaningful way. So it is a platform approach and we’re calling for high growth mode for this year. So the products is one component of the analysis.
Steffan Tomlinson: So on the first one, Karl, in the prepared remarks; I had mentioned that actually, the January quarter not the October quarter is going to have the lowest year-over-year growth from a product standpoint. And that’s because Q2 of last year, we posted our highest year-over-year product revenue growth in that quarter at close to 47% year-over-year a year ago. So it’s largely due to the comps and we’re looking at growing revenue sequentially after Q1. And the other thing is when we look at our pipeline view for the first half and the full fiscal year, we see pipeline very strong, the comps get easier in Q3 and Q4 and we look to accelerating product revenue growth at the back half of the year and into FY '18.
Steffan Tomlinson: Because the market opportunity is so great. We have single digit market share in a $22 billion market. We’re posting topline growth that’s far in excess of all the competition. There’s really no reason to stretch to maximize operating margin in the near term to slowdown the revenue growth. We’ve been driving from the day to the IPO to balance growth and profitability. We’ve been growing way faster than the rate of the market and we’ve been expanding operating margins. So our plan is to continue to do that on a go-forward basis. We’re committed to that, and we look forward to continuing to take market share and increase profitability.
