Nikesh Arora: First of all, Saket. Thank you. You always seem to manage to get the first question in, so congratulations. Like, as I said, very, very positively excited by the response to platformization. We've literally had customers reach out now. Most recently, customer we were about to close a deal. Customers said, no. I don't want to do this one deal. I actually want to sit down with the whole platformization discussion. We might do it next quarter, but let's not go two point solutions at a time. These are these anecdotes. These are these moments where it gets really exciting for us and our sales teams. In terms of your question about where are they coming from, as you mentioned, a third of our customers in SASE here are net new to the company. So when we platformize them on SASE or Zero Trust network security, they're new to the company. There's a lot of existing customers that are highlighted in our four of our largest deals where they already work Palo Alto customers, but they use the opportunity to go embrace the larger platform because they saw the vision. They participated, and they bought into it. This is where it is really helpful where they say, listen. I really like the platformization idea. I have two parts of the puzzle. But my third part of the puzzle, I need another 12 months for the other vendor to expire so that I can go and respond. I'm like, don't worry about it. You have to. We'll start implementing the third, and we'll turn on our economics the moment the other vendor is done. Now what that does, as I've said in the past, it takes over the execution risk, but they're not worried that they'll stop paying. They'll start paying us then, and they have to worry if it's going to work or not. At the same time, it also creates that economic bridge for them. But for us, it's amazing because, I have a very simple view. This goes back to the days of when CRM was not a platform or ticketing or management IT infrastructure was not a platform. At that point in time, you have four or five applications doing this. But once you bought one that did all five things, you never went back and deployed 4 different things to solve the problem. We believe we have a unique opportunity in the platforms we offer. And as I said, I wish we'd gone there earlier than later. I firmly believe this is what's going to help us get to the $15 billion number faster.
Nikesh Arora: Thank you, Hamza. So I think as you know, the XSIAM product is excellent in its own regard. We've shown you we did $500 million bookings this year, which I think the second year of a product is spectacular, by all means. And that helped us drive the $900 million in ARR Cortex. And we're seeing super later results from a median time to remediate. I just reviewed a bunch of this this morning. We've got some customers down to under 10 minutes, so it's really exciting. And that does form a part of the ARR. There's a very reasonable part of that ARR that comes from our network security business where we've actually deployed AI operations into our firewalls, which is what I call infusing AI into network security. That allows us to actually anticipate when the customer might run out of capacity, anticipate firewall sort of issues. That's part of it. Not a lot of that revenue is coming from the product we just launched. We launched all of our three products pretty much this year, not even last year, which we did start launching on July 20th through August 16th. All of our AI security suite is done. But as I mentioned, about 1,000 customers are interested in AI Access, which is the thing they're most interested in. There's a financial service organization which, you might know. It's the first time in our history that the entire security team literally walked up to the screen and say, wait. What are you doing here? Yes. We want to talk to you about that. So early days, exciting. And the reason it's exciting, as I said, it's seminal for me because it's very rare that you'd expect a large cybersecurity player to show up with innovation ahead of the market. And now that we can deploy AI Access to all of our 5,000, 6000 Prisma Access customers or we can deploy AI firewalls against all of our virtual firewall customers. It's interesting because all they have to do is turn on a switch, and they don't have to deploy new instances or new agents. It's just going to work. Early days, exciting, and I'm pretty sure these products will go through multiple versions as they get more and more robust.
Nikesh Arora: Brian, as I've said publicly as well, look, that was a tough event. It simultaneously impacted tens of millions of users, which is unfortunate. I appreciate the way, CrowdStrike handled it. At the same time, it caused two things to happen. One, customers are asking us, you have the same product. How do you deploy it? As I highlighted to you, we have a fundamentally different way in which we do content updates and have been doing it for a very long time. We were able to articulate that. Funnily enough, some of the customers busy remediating that issue while we're trying to get our deals done with them. It's kind of interesting. They were saying, I'm so busy fixing that. We had to sort of drag our deals kicking and screaming in some cases. That was kind of interesting. But I think what it did do is, like you said, it caused customers to step back and say, wait a minute. No. I need to make sure that I'm evaluating all the XDR opportunities in the market. For us, who is, not the number one player in the market, we're top four, I think, in that market, hopefully trending towards three, it's exciting, because customers are willing to give us consideration on the XDR space. It's no longer a slam-dunk for some other place in the market, which is helpful for us, helpful for our sales team, and I think, we can build on that coupled with our XIM capability and opportunities that we just talked about. I think it gives us comfort that is going to keep helping us drive momentum in Cortex.
Nikesh Arora: Great question. So, there are three parts, as I said. One, we've infused AI in our products, and we talked about that at length just now. The second part is, using generative AI to create customer helpful AI copilots as well as AI copilots for our customer support teams, because they can also use them. And then third part is just driving internal efficiencies. Let me start with the third part first. We had approximately, give or take, 300 people who were involved in solving employee tickets for our employees, so about 2% of our 15,000 people. We had just launched, last week what we call the internal AI employee experience that has allowed us to reduce that headcount by 50%. We think that can go down to 80% because we've able to been able to automate a lot of the tasks and also use generative AI to answer employees' questions. You can think about 200 people odd, which we don't need, either our own employees or third-party contractors because it's boring work. Its horrible work to have to go keep solving IT problems that have been solved a million times before. Now we've automated a bunch of them, used AI to fix it. So that's one project. We've got some early results. Some of our best developers are 40% better in coding, who have used our internal coding Copilot. It certainly is. We expect that we should be able to deploy that capability across 3,000 of them. Now remember, coding is only a third of their job, because they do other things for the other two-thirds of their job. But even in the third, if my best person is 40% better, an average person is 20% to 25% better, there's opportunities for better code and we can do more. Those are sort of the two internal efforts, if you will. On the customer support side, again, the most fascinating discovery for us is we have an internal customer support copilot, which is consistent with our co-pilots we are sharing with our customers across Cortex, Prisma, and Strata. And those customer support people. The best one is equally productive irrespective of tenure after three months. So I can hire a net new person, have them solve customer problems, and 3 months in, they're as good as somebody who's been here for three, four years. So these are all very promising signs. There's a lot of work that we're doing, but part of our philosophy is if we don't go through the trials and tribulations and try it ourselves. We're not going to get to be a great company using AI. So early days, but very excited.
Nikesh Arora: I'll have to go back and listen to the sentiment analyzer on my own call afterwards. But, reacting to your pep in my step, last year, as I said to you prior that, because of the aggressive new players, they cut prices down 30%, 40%. Whilst we saw the volume increases, pricing was impacted in the industry causing effectively our growth rate not to be as exciting as we wanted it to be. That has stabilized for sure. We also took some remedial steps in turning our business into an ACV business for Prisma Cloud unlike the rest of our business, because we wanted our sales team to act in a similar fashion as the market was seeing. We made a bunch of product improvements, and we actually went to our biggest customers and ensured products were effective for them. And I said, coupled with that, what has also happened is, as I mentioned, that, most of our customers are now using many modules, which are oriented towards network security in the cloud. We run on all four hyperscalers natively, which is in addition to CNAPP, is also our real time cloud security part. So given the 14 modules we have from a comprehensiveness perspective, we found some of the customers where we can uniquely solve their use cases, allowing us to do those large deals. And in a way, the platformization helps. Like [Schlumberger] they bought all three. It wasn't a separate decision for them to go buy Cortex from us and cloud from somebody else and network security from somebody else. That ability to drive your platform also helps drive our cloud security business.
Nikesh Arora: I think, Patrick, it's a combination of factors. As I mentioned, we've seen the pipeline. We've seen the acceleration in the second half. If you look at our first half versus second half, implied bookings have gone up. We see the pipeline for next year. Obviously, the IBM business is part of that. Obviously, the strength we're seeing in XSIAM is part of that. Our platformization efforts are part of that. This year, we have tried to anticipate that with making sure we have resources in place, for the coverage we need to deliver those numbers.
Nikesh Arora: I thinks it’s code for that to look very different because we may not be doing as many PANFS deals because they contribute to billings, but they don't change RPO and they don't change cash flow. If you don't have too many PANFS deals, it saves time to the field.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. Matt, I've learned in my life never try and foreshadow the government. Usually, it's not a winning strategy. Don't predict insulate, don't predict budgets, don't predict elections. We'll roll with the punches. We have people clearly, we know there's business that we have to renew because they have our Palo Alto capability and products. We're working hard and getting all that done. There's a bunch of new ideas and new projects that we're working on, but we'll keep powering through them. As the elections transpire, depending on what administration comes into place, it's going to impact a bunch of the budgets. But as I said, we had significantly de-risked our federal expectations as we told you earlier, in this calendar year. We're going with a muted set of expectations into the election to make sure that we don't see any bad surprises.
Nikesh Arora: Almost every one of the XSIAM sales is replacing an existing SIEM. And in some cases, multiples. As I mentioned, in case of Schlumberger, we replaced two. In case of the other eight figure deal, we replaced two others. For the most part, it is if you looked at the market share of existing SIEMs in the market, our acquisitions, which are north of a hundred customers, would be a representation of us taking the same amount of share from each of those people. And if you look at the people out there, I think there's a bunch of people, who's been around 15, 17 years who have shared their market. Those will be the people we'll be replacing for the most part. There's no net new SIEM. I don't think they're starting net new companies out there that scale will require, $10 million, $20 million, $30 million SIEM deal. So it's usually we're replacing people who are out there. I will let Dipak answer the IBM question.
Nikesh Arora: I want to use the opportunity to thank all of you for supporting us and for joining our call. I also want to thank all of our customers, partners and entire ecosystem for supporting our business. And last, but most importantly, all of our employees who worked really hard to deliver these results. Thank you very much.
Dipak Golechha: Sure, Tal. I'll take that one. Just to start off with, I think I said in my prepared remarks, our contract lengths actually did not shrink. They've been roughly consistent at three years for our new deals, and they've been actually relatively constant for quite a while now. You do have some areas where the contract lengths may be shorter. You have others like platformization deals where they're more strategic in nature, but on average, it ends up being that much. I think in terms of the ability to generate free cash flow, frankly, I think the most important part about our free cash flow is really the operating margins. I mentioned that in my prepared remarks that since fiscal year '21, we've actually improved our operating margin by 800 basis points. That really is the biggest buttress to what has happened. And we've been able to absorb the change in the amount of deferred payments going from 6% to 30% in the last quarter, like, over that same time period. So I think we've proven, that we've been able to deliver strong cash flow, like, whilst being able to absorb all of these deferred payments. We feel very confident that we'll be able to continue to do that in in the future.
Dipak Golechha: Look. I think we'll see a mix more towards annualized billings in a way from financing. I think the simplest way to think about it is, if you do financing, it's another it's another piece of paperwork. It's a loan document at the end of the day. It does create, like more work out in the field. And so, in line with our platformization strategy, we're all about figuring out where all the friction points are and trying to eliminate them, where we can and continue to do the best thing for the shareholders. That's really what we're driving here, and that's what I would expect now.
Dipak Golechha: Just, to keep things very simple, Keith, and we can we can follow-up with you in more detail offline. There are certain contracts that will be part of the IBM ELA or something like that. We won't be able to recognize the revenue, of just the way that the accounting treatment works, and there'll also be some contracts that require consent from customers. Those are the kinds of things. We do expect over time things to move to XSIAM. Our intention was never to do things, and that's much more ratable revenue anyhow.
