Moshe N. Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. Macroeconomic environment continues to be a challenge for near-term semiconductor industry revenue growth, including Xilinx. This clearly affected sales for the September quarter and has also resulted in lower-than-seasonal guidance for the December quarter. With the uncertain near-term business environment that Jon mentioned, we're practically taking steps to slow headcount growth, reduce discretionary spending. That said, we continue to be very confident about our mid- and long-term outlook, driven by continued design win momentum in our 28-nanometer offerings and new product revenue growth. In the September quarter, new product sales increased 7%, more than 80% year-over-year. Growth in new products was driven by the tremendous adoption of our 28-nanometer product families, allowing us to exceed $20 million to achieve our 28-nanometer revenue goal. September sales growth was driven by significant growth in revenue from all members of our 28-nanometer product family in all of our key end markets. We have now clearly demonstrated to our customers that we're a generation ahead of our competition and offering those customers an extra generation of system value. In our 28-nanometer FPGAs, we're delivering effectively the equivalent of an external performance, power and integration with an average of 100 -- of 1.5x advantage in every technical category. I think all programmable SoC delivers additional value by integrating multiple chips into one, including CPUs, DSPs and analog mixed signal components. Our 3D ICs are now integrating complex and have the smartest systems function such as packet processing, traffic management while adding 30s bandwidth in a single device that's unmatched by any competition. With our Vivado Design Suite, we are both enabling our new generation of devices and delivering unmatched time to integration and implementation. Vivado is the first and the only ASIC and SoC strength design suite in the programmable industry. We've built Vivado from the ground up over a 4-year period, with an investment of over 1,000 engineering man years to enable the next decade of All-Programmable Devices that's creating a huge and sustainable advantage for both 28-nanometer and beyond. I believe that with the breadth, value advantages and competitive differentiation of our 28-nanometer portfolio, we're undoubtedly a generation ahead of any competition. To clearly define our roadmap to stay a generation ahead, we plan to provide a high level 20-nanometer portfolio announcement in mid-November. Being a generation ahead is accomplished through technology leadership with ever more advanced FPGAs, our second-generation SoCs and 3D ICs and even more significant leverage of our Vivado next-generation design suite. We continue to be pleased with the 28-nanometer rollout. We achieved our September revenue goal, reaching more than $20 million in overall sales. We're expecting to exceed this number in the December quarter as well and then expect very significant growth in the March quarter as more customers will be accelerating their production ramps. Despite some uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, game-changing product strategy of the 28-nanometer node has put us in a tremendously positive competitive position and will drive continued share gains, both against ASICs and ASSPs and traditional PLD competition. Now I'll turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, the revenue came from all 5 families, and the truth is 2 of the 5 families, there is no competition. One of them is SSI. And SSI goes into numerous applications. One is ASIC prototyping. And there, as long as it's the largest FPGA out there, then you keep getting additional wins in that category. So there is a scaling factor, it's not that it's a one-hit wonder in the first 3 months of the product line. It actually continues until there's a larger product line available from any other source. So it actually will continue, and we'll continue to see growth on that. In addition, there's a lot of design wins that go into the high end of the wired communications and the A&D applications, and those do go into production. So you can think of it as having this dual personality, both of which scale. And again, it's only part of the revenue, but even that part goes into some applications, which do go into production and others which just repeat themselves due to a whole host of other reasons.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. Well, there's actually quite a few questions there. So TD-LTE is -- it's still early days. It has -- as Jon indicated, the majority of the rollout has been in North America. There's still a tremendous amount of rollout that is required in North America, and there's some imbalance between the carriers in North America in terms of the level of penetration, one is well ahead of the others. The others need to catch up. Otherwise, they will have a tremendous competitive disadvantage, in particular as the smartphones become more and more prevalent and suck more and more bandwidth. So there's no doubt that there's a need for tremendous upgrades throughout North America, which will happen undoubtedly. The question is not if it will happen, it's only a question of when it will happen. It has to -- the consumer requirements are such that it's about the only solution that can handle that. So that's North America. Elsewhere, as Jon highlighted, it's been -- the rollouts have started in Japan and Korea, but there's room for significant upgrades there. And then the rest of the world, in particular, China and Europe, have not started anything equivalent to that, and so there's significant room for deployment there. So the consumer demands in the smartphones are making this a nondiscretionary decision. It's just book rate [ph] and how quickly and when it will start in other areas of the world. So we're hearing that consistently from the companies we work with who are the equipment suppliers.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. So we have -- last quarter, we delivered over $10 million, which was higher than what the competition delivered. And it is definitely still early days, so these are the early returns from them. But as we look at the breadth of our product offering and we look at the technical advantages that we have, we have no doubt that we have huge advantage. It manifests itself. There are 2 areas where we don't have any competition yet, and it's likely to be long period of time until there is competition, which is anywhere close to catch up. So that's one major differentiator, and that's on the 3D ICs and on the same product line, which has the embedded ARM core. In addition, if you look at the core product offering, then typically, what we find is at the high end, we have much lower power footprint than the competition, and we're hearing this from our customers and from our competitor's customers too, right, who are surprised at how significant the advantage is there at the high end. The 30s are operating much better in a competitive situation, that has significant impact. In the mid-range, Kintex basically, because of the choices we made, we achieve a certain level of performance, which enables us to sweep the wireless business. And so we're very convinced that there'll be huge shift in terms of shipments into wireless customers. And that, we actually believe that their -- our original -- our preliminary data shows that we have even 80% market share in terms of wireless. And then -- and so between the -- at the core business, between the better service performance, lower power at the high end, higher performance in the mid-range, that gives us confidence that we'll have the lion's share even in the core market then when you add to that these additional markets with the 3D ICs and Zynq that gives us confidence and our target is 70% and we're hell-bent on achieving it.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So I strongly contest the profitability of 28-nanometer not being there. It has the potential of being the largest node for sure in the FPGA space by a significant margin. And we're seeing it come out of the shoot faster than everything we've seen before. It's just that the nature of the business is that it takes some point in time. But our -- the early data we have and the fact that we can displace ASICs and ASSPs quite affectively, not across-the-board but in lots of markets with our 28-nanometer product, gives us confidence that it's going to be a very large node. The extent of design wins is much, much higher than we've seen in every previous node. And we're hearing from customers that less and less of them can afford to design ASICs to compete with what 28-nanometer can provide. So I'm not sure I agree or I strongly disagree with 28-nanometer being less profitable than 40-nanometer. It will be a much larger node, it has the potential of being the largest node ever. On 20 nanometers, it is clear that due to the number of layers and the complexity of the layers, that the manufacturing costs are going to be higher. There's been a lot of discussion on that, and our way to address that is to make sure that we design the parts and we tape-out a number of parts which cover a broader market. So in terms of our investment at 20, it will likely be similar to what we invested at 28. And the markets we're going to address will probably be similar. It is getting more difficult at these advanced nodes as the designs are more complex and the mask costs are complex, and it requires us to invest a lot of time either in optimizing the design or making sure that we don't tape-out more parts than we need to. And we're up to that challenge, and that's the way we're approaching this node.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So I do spend a lot of time meeting with our customers. And I think generally, there's no sense of gloom and doom. There's just challenges on the macro side, which are pretty visible to all of us. But I don't see any huge expectation of a very severe slowdown. When you look at -- a lot of these elements are driven by a need for some political fortitude which takes time. Hopefully, it will get addressed in North America soon, and in Europe, they're starting to come together on that. And likewise, when the transition in China is going to happen, that will enable things to move forward. So the short answer is no, I don't get the sense of a huge downturn impending at this point.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: I think it will come later than it has in the past, and the competitive position is such -- you can see it in North America, when one carrier decides to go ahead and start generating significant advantage, it generates pressure on the others to catch up. In Europe generally, that isn't happening yet. So I do think it's several months out at this point in terms of a big deployment in Europe.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, we believe we have a phenomenally strong position there, and best we can tell, there's a lot of FPGA content in the product. So I don't believe that, that's going to pose an issue once the deployment starts in earnest in China. In the interim, what they're doing is, they're about to launch this next rollout of the previous generation, the 3G generation. But when 4G comes out, our product position is very strong there, and we're looking forward to that happening. And the faster it happens, the better from my perspective.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Chris, I mean, we are -- it's obvious to us that there are challenges there, and that's why we are curtailing discretionary spending, and we are careful on the hiring front. Having said that, the impact of the design wins in 28-nanometer is not yet visible, right? It's still a tiny portion of our business. And given our very strong and broad portfolio, as we exploit that and as that goes to market and moves into production, that's when you'll start seeing accelerated growth, right? And that can't happen soon enough from my perspective, but it takes time in our business.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. So let me repeat and so try to quantify it. The equivalent of SSIT from the customer's perspective is like having a much larger FPGA available 2 or 3 years earlier than they could achieve any other way. And in addition, because we have a version which is heterogenous, in other words, has [indiscernible] integrated with the FPGAs, it also enables a significant growth in terms of bandwidth. And so if you look at that and you say, "Forget about how it's implemented, right, that it's 3D and all of that, what does that -- what is the size of those markets?" And those markets overall are several hundred million dollars per year markets, right? Now there's a subset of that which is used for prototyping, that's correct, and that prototyping is where it's used primarily by semiconductor companies or ASIC or for the few remaining ASIC designs to do early product assessment of their products. And there, as long as you have the biggest one available, which we do now, it enables -- it facilitates itself and it's repeatable. So even though those customers don't go into production, whenever they're doing a new design then they're designing new versions of these ASIC prototypes, so it's not a one-hit wonder, and it actually is quite broad and as such that's why we believe that it's several hundred million dollar market. It's the high end of the FPGA market, and it also enables us to break into what would be the midrange of the ASIC market or the sweet spot of the ASIC market, and that's a pretty big market in of itself. So trying to minimize that is probably erroneous. It's significant. And as long as there isn't an alternative, it continues until that alternative exists and typically it takes 2 or 3 years before the next generation of FPGA is there and can achieve that level of complexity. So you can assume that there's at least a 2- or 3-year edge there, which we intend to exploit very aggressively.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, generally speaking, we haven't -- we are the leaders, we're the only people who have it. We have our first generation of product you can get. We have wrung out all of the issues there. The first generation had 2 elements of integration and you can assume that in the next generation, there will be more things that can be integrated on using the 3D capabilities, and then it needs to be economically viable to do that. So some applications require things like memory, some applications require other elements. We're way ahead of anyone else in terms of identifying those and pursuing them.
Jon A. Olson: Sure, Romit. This is Jon. So from a wireless perspective, the strength that we continue to have is around LTE deployments in North America or in the U.S., in Korea and as well as Japan. And while that -- those rollouts are continuing into the next quarter, we do think that there's, as there always typically is, there's some bumpiness along the way. But we still are shipping, I would say, the biggest portion of our Virtex family FPGAs that go in the wireless base station segment into the LTE piece. There are some additional GSM and TD-SCDMA activity going on for China, but it is -- the capital spend is actually relatively low. And as they prepare for -- in 2013 a bigger rollout, there are some systems going into that early part of that deployment. But relative to the lion's share of what we see, not only for this past quarter we just announced, as well as this next quarter, it is primarily LTE and it's primarily North America, Korea and South Korea and Japan.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, China is really much -- is really the bumpy part. The North America part seems to be still pretty steady as best as we can tell. And as you know, we ship to people who then ship to a variety of locations. We don't all know exactly where every unit is going in every base station, but based on our communications with our customers, that's really where the strength was. We noted that we had stronger-than-anticipated performance this quarter in wireless, and it's backing off just a little bit but it isn't -- it's still quite good and again, it's LTE-based.
Jon A. Olson: I mean, we stood at -- to add to that, we did ship to all those -- to the customers that are using them for all those reasons that Moshe talked about within this last quarter. So we did ship SSIT very broadly across the application set that it goes to. We tend not to want to parse out our $20 million about which product -- individual products and product families because it does get -- it's actually hard for us to keep all that tracking up because it's not that important to us necessarily to track one versus the other. But we did ship in a prototype and we also shipped into the comms and to A&D, wired comms and A&D, this quarter. And we're very attuned to the fact -- there's a lot of noise around the fact that SSIT only means prototyping, and that's really far from the truth, Romit.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. And just one more comment on the first question, and I'll try to answer the second question for you, Ambrish. I tried to find out exactly if we could figure out how many base stations were being sold into China that were advanced technology because they keep saying, "Well, they're doing some demos and prototypes, whatever." And as best as we can find out, there's a few thousand that are going to get built or deployed in this quarter, which is certainly not anywhere near what it would take for a rollout. And again, the best information we have is mid-2013 on the TD-LTE business. So it's yet to come, but we're not really experiencing it much there.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, yes, that's right. And again, as best -- as good as information as we can get about it, that's what I was able to get to try to figure out really when we might see a better ramp because of China CapEx spending. On your second question, there's kind of 2 ways to look at this. One is our industrial has been relatively weak the last couple of quarters. And in fact, even looking through this coming quarter in right now, the industrial business in Europe is starting off very weak, and the backlog is very weak and distribution information seems to be very weak in Europe in this particular category. So even though we are forecasting a little bit of growth, it's really kind of off of a, I would say, relatively low base. And I'd be surprised to see if anybody else has very bullish numbers on it, industrial. As other companies roll out, we'll obviously be watching that. And with your question around, shouldn't you see maybe a better uptake because of displacing ASSPs, the real winner for us in that area is going to be our Zynq product. And the design-in times, we've had a good uptake. It is still a new category, and we are developing it, and we're getting lots of successes and we're getting design wins. But quite frankly, we aren't on the acceleration knee of the revenue curve yet. And that's going to take a few more quarters before we get there. And that's really the part that's going to, I think, show up in a big way against ASSPs in the industrial category.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So Vivek, that's -- obviously, we look at these numbers pretty hard, and when I saw the percentage number, I scratched my head a little bit and said, "Yes, that seems like a high percentage number." But when you peel back the information, we're starting out with a lower backlog. We're aware of certain customers and certain of our end markets that normally would be booked now that aren't booked that we still have high confidence that they will come through. That's one point. The second point is if you look at the absolute dollar amount that it takes, again, remembering we have -- we're starting up with a lower backlog and we're trying to get to a lower revenue than this past quarter, the absolute dollar turns per week is at or slightly below what we've achieved the last couple of quarters. So it's a little bit of this percentage is the tyranny of creating a percentage out of both the numerator and denominator changing at the same time. From a dollar level, I think if we can sustain this current level of business that we have, we'll hit our numbers.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, the second part of your question -- because it was there hanging. It is -- that is true. What happened is that there was certainly an offset with other customers and some significant strength in another place, in the wireless segment in particular that helped to offset that. I think the answer to your first part of your question is, yes, I believe that both those customers are through that buildup, and we're back to a more normal level with them. And I think one of those 2 in particular ended up being pretty decent this quarter and really wasn't that much of a drop as it turned out. So I think we're on the other side. The reason I'm being -- I'm saying -- I'm cautioning that is, we don't always know what the order pattern is of some of our customers, and all of a sudden, they say, "Oh, no, I need more, I need less" at the last minute. But the current forecast would suggest that we are behind that, and that's behind us.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So I've been studying this quite a bit because our A&D has not been growing at the rate that we, I would say, had typically would have expected it. We've had a pretty steady 10-plus percent growth year-on-year for quite a few years. And that growth rate has definitely slowed this year. And I'm trying to figure out, I'm trying to sort out how much of that is potential caution or individual programs. And our best information right now is that it's been more impacted by individual programs than people worrying about the cliff. Now I have a hard time correlating what our people are telling me relative to what I read from the defense contractors in the newspaper, but I can't tell how much of that is political posturing and what is real. But the best information we have is that people are not slowing down because of that. They're just kind of waiting it out, and we'll see what happens. And that most of why we aren't growing quite as strongly as maybe we have historically is just because of a couple of individual programs that are just in a space where they're not ordering right now and they'll order a little later.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, I'm not going to forecast next year, but I think since I pointed the way to the tape-outs and wafers and masks being the biggest driver up and then the biggest driver down, we don't have a large number of tape-outs early in the year because it's kind of the very end of 28 and the very beginning of 20. So I don't think you're going to see a big spike up or down from the Q4 exit, but I don't really want to pin a number on it.
Jon A. Olson: So Kintex has clearly been a early leader in design win level. Virtex has now caught up with it, relative to the dollar amount of design wins overall. But we led with Kintex part, it is specifically designed for wireless base stations, and as Moshe said, we've been winning a tremendous number of design wins. We did ship into production -- into the wireless space with Kintex in this quarter, so it is -- there are designs that are ramping, but it's been like early prototyping from our customers and early units. Prototype their early units not our prototype parts, but their initial base stations. I would say that the wireless segment in our 28-nanometer is probably about the same percentage as it normally is for the overall company during the quarter, which is in the neighborhood of 25-ish percent, and this is kind of just an estimate.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so the lead end markets are automotive, industrial and communications. And within communications, it's heavily around wireless. In fact, the small cell category is a category that's a great opportunity for Kintex, and we have been doing pretty well there of late in terms of reducing the number of devices required by our customer -- in our customer's units because we have that processing capability, as well as the ability to do digital front end and other kinds of capabilities that are -- you find in a wireless base station, radio card in particular. So I would say early on, it was automotive followed by industrial and now communications is coming on very, very strong in this particular application. Industrial is very, very broad: automation, motor control, those kinds of activities. And then automobiles is usually our sweet spot, which is driver assist for this particular part. Those are kind of the highest level categories. And with respect to any forecast about when it might be 5%, I would guess that is several quarters away before that ramps to that size because the lead design wins are all, I would say, relatively a compilation of relatively medium-sized to small-sized design win dollar values initially, and then ramping very strongly, particularly when you think about automobile capabilities starting out at the high end and waterfalling down, which is exactly what our customer is going to use this capability for. It takes a while to get into those units in terms of get the unit build up enough because it has to go to different models of automobiles, et cetera. The wireless business is more -- will take off much more rapidly, but most of these deployments are most likely to come in the second half of '13.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. But I really haven't -- anyway -- again, 5%, I haven't studied it in great detail, but it's going to be a while before it's 5% of our revenue.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So as you recall last quarter, we had this end-of-life shipments, and a lot of that went into aerospace and defense and industrial category.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, automotive. And so if you look at geographically where the biggest impact, where that was is North America and Europe. So those were the 2, and North America in particular, the aerospace and defense portion is the lion's share of what we have in defense is in North America. So that was kind of a hard number to match and to make up from a comms number -- a comms perspective.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So yes, I don't have a good sense for the rate of tape-outs into next year. We will do some tape-out activity in the first half of next year, but it just won't be the rapid fire progression because usually, the first 1 or 2 comes out a little more slowly as we get everything settled, and then as we're sure we got things right, then we accelerate those tape-outs. So I would expect the tape-outs will start accelerating in the back half of calendar '13 and then obviously throughout '14.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, it really was timing, Shawn. It was some things that were supposed to happen in the last couple of weeks of the quarter that pushed out to the first couple of weeks. So we're talking about a 2- to 3-week kind of push in the way -- just the way the accounting works for the mask payments. I guess you could say I believe the forecast, I don't know on that. But it did just push out a few weeks, and there were no significant program slips, changes or issues really as a result of that. But we had an additional payment to an outside supplier for something, and it was fairly significant, and that pushed out because of delivery of the contract didn't happen on time. And so both those together kind of made it -- made it a bigger than life number. I mean, we certainly missed more than we typically would ever miss an R&D number.
Jon A. Olson: So I was talking earlier about -- particularly European distribution being weak, and the backlog being particularly weak from a Europe perspective in the medium-sized and small customers. And we've been doing a pretty good job with Avnet collectively to keep the inventory lean and keep it available for them and in Xilinx's inventory pot. And that's worked out pretty good because it gives them a lot more flexibility versus having to guess which of their customers might decide to order something in these kind of uncertain times. So that's worked out pretty good for us, and I don't think there's any particular supply chain issue that gets communicated with that. Overall, our inventory is moving up just because we were starting to build more 7 series or products. And since those tend to carry higher costs than the initial part of the ramp, as we build up to satisfy needs over the next couple of quarters, that dollar impact typically increases our dollars and also our days because days are just average, not specific to any individual product family. So there's not really a much of a story in inventory. I think we've got a pretty good handle on it at this point.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. Well, wireless typically runs from the low 20s to mid-20s for us, and that's -- a little lower than 25%, but approximately the number. And our industrial typically runs in the mid-30s, and that dropped as a percent as you can see our industrial percentage has dropped on a quarter-on-quarter basis and comms went up on a percent basis so...
Jon A. Olson: Sorry. Defense has typically been in the neighborhood of 15%, and it was a little lower than 15% in this last quarter.
Jon A. Olson: I think there was some press release by Vodafone somewhere in the last 3 months on this thing, but I don't think we've seen anything significant with respect to our revenue.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. There was -- it was down this past quarter more from an inventory correction basis than anything else. And it's basically weak demand. If you look at our -- all of our large customers, our top, say, 15 or so customers, which are really communications and aerospace and defense customers. The communications customers are just almost plain flat. It's over the last couple of quarters with the only exception being in the wireless base station area. Everything else just seems to be kind of chunking along and not getting a lot worse, but also not getting a lot better. And since a lot of our businesses, our revenue levels are defined by these large customers, there really isn't a tremendous amount of growth going on. So it's just -- it's weak demand, not growing demand.
Jon A. Olson: So the answer to your very direct question is absolutely, we've had discussions around what is going on, where the drivers of our business really are going to come from and does our investment level and growth level still -- those 2 things match appropriately to what we've been saying. So there's no doubt this is a question. And this elusive metric that we, I call it elusive because I'm the CFO around design wins. The strength of which we are winning business gives us such confidence that the revenue growth is coming. But of course, macroeconomic issues can always play around with timing and when and how that happens. But we still have very strong belief here. That being said is, we are very mindful that we're outside of our business model from a percent basis, and we'll look very hard at that. We go through our planning cycle in early calendar year 2013, and I don't know what to say. I'm not going to say that we're going to cut our growth rates as we sit right now because our design win levels are really, really high on a relative basis to anything we've ever seen. Moshe wants to make a comment here.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, I think we certainly are going through -- we'll go through that process with plan depending on what we see the outlook for the top line is, and I think there are more levers that could be pulled if we get ourselves in a negative kind of growth situation again. But we're also not going to slow down technology too slow just to get back in the business model in the short term and then screw our opportunities for growth in the future. So it is a balance, and I do hear you. We're going to work through that.
