Jon A. Olson: Thank you, Rick. Fiscal year 2016 was another profitable year for Xilinx although revenue did not meet our expectations going into the year. Revenue was $2.2 billion for the year, down 7% from last year but strengthening throughout FY 2016. Gross margin remained strong through the year, averaging 69.7% as our pricing and cost management efforts continued to have a positive impact. Operating margin exceeded 30% based on these margin management efforts and prudent spending. Cash flow margin was 33%, the same as last year. So our lower revenues contributed to a lower operating cash flow of $730 million. We repurchased 9.7 million shares for $443 million and paid $319 million in dividends, a total return of $761 million. This is the second straight year we have returned over 100% of cash flow and 11th straight year of dividend increase. Turning now to a discussion of the fourth quarter. Xilinx sales were $571 million, up 1% as new products continued to grow and we saw stabilizing trends across our end market segments. Communications was flat with a small growth in wireless offsetting a small decline in wired. Industrial and A&D was down slightly with strength in aerospace and defense offsetting declines in industrial, and test and measurement. Broadcast, consumer and automotive grew 6% powered by another record quarter in automotive, demonstrating our strength in ADAS. Gross margin in Q4 was 69.2%, higher than last quarter and higher than expected due to the mix of customers and products in addition to lower product ramp expenses. We continued to aggressively manage both the pricing and cost sides of gross margin. Operating expense at $217 million was slightly lower than our guidance. A reminder here that a significant part of the decline from Q3 was due to the 14th week in our Q3. The increase in revenue, gross margin, and lower operating expense drove an increase of more than 10% in operating income for the quarter, up to $178 million. Other income and expense was an expense of $8 million, higher than forecasted due to an equity investment write-off. The tax rate was 14.6% for the quarter. Our net income for Q4 was $146 million or $0.54 per share. Operating cash flow was $127 million, down from last quarter, primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable. Diluted shares were 268 million shares including 10.5 million shares from the convertible. During the quarter, we repurchased 3 million shares for $143 million and we paid $80 million in dividends. Now turning to the balance sheet. We ended the year with $3.6 billion in gross cash and $2 billion in net cash after our debt. As mentioned above, we saw an increase in accounts receivable to $307 million. This was entirely due to the timing of customer shipments in the quarter, and we see no credit or collectability issues. Inventory was $179 million, down from $17 million from the prior quarter and down $52 million from the beginning of the year as we continue to manage inventory down. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Jon A. Olson: Hey, Romit. This is Jon. I'm not exactly sure where you heard that. What we're trying to characterize is that the automotive segment for us is growing quite significantly and has been and is going to continue. We are experiencing in the industrial side a period of slower growth than we had anticipated, just because of some macroeconomic areas, but definitely no inventory issues with respect to automotive.
Jon A. Olson: Yeah, This is Jon. Let me take that one. So I think, Will, you're familiar with the fact that we characterized we had a roll-off of a very large program and we bottomed out, I think, in our June quarter of this past year for aerospace and defense. And we have had incremental improvement in each quarter from that point. Actually, bottomed out in September, excuse me, in the September quarter, not the June quarter. We've had incremental improvement in every quarter and we do expect that incremental improvement to continue in aerospace and defense. It's just that when you look at the full year, we still ship quite a bit of product in our first quarter of last year that is dragging the year-on-year comparison down, so it's a modest growth in aerospace and defense.
Jon A. Olson: It is actually a very stable, strong comeback for us, and when the redesign of the F35 capability starts kicking in more towards the end of the next fiscal year, I think you're going to see some acceleration there. Industrial has been more bit of a timing issue for us with certain customers, A, and then some recent softness particularly in the APAC that we're seeing softness in industrial and in a couple of our regions, and that's going to grow a little more slowly than we thought, but we still are expecting pretty significant growth on a year-on-year basis.
Jon A. Olson: Yeah, Hans, this is Jon. Let me take that one. So, we talk a lot about ADAS, and I think we get a lot of comparisons to what we're doing in the forward-looking cameras which is where we have a lot of strength, particularly in the stereo versions of those. But our ADAS business is really very broad. So Zynq is a driver of it, and it's a driver of us not just in the forward-looking cameras, but also in some of the other safety and lane departure and those kinds of things as well. We have developed a really broad business in the automotive world, and it isn't just one competitor. There's a variety of competitors now that we're meeting. And when we talk about, when you see the presentations in May, I think you're going to see a lot more conversation around the breadth of what we have and why we're so confident about successive years of growth in this market. So in other words, FPGA technology is not just the programmable processing unit. It's really broader than that for us, and we're doing really quite well.
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President: Thank you, Moshe, and I also would like to thank Jon specifically for the leadership function over the past 11 years. Moshe has established the compelling opportunity for Xilinx, and now I want to provide you all with the financial guidance aligned to our taking advantage of that opportunity. Starting with Q1, revenue will be approximately flat. We entered the quarter with backlog down slightly and are expecting turns to be about 49%. We expect new products to continue to grow with 28-nanometer growing to a new record, and 20-nanometer exceeding $30 million. With respect to end markets, communications and data center growth will offset a decline in industrial and A&D. Communications and data center growth reflects a continued ramp of our customers' wired designs and a near-term firming in wireless. The decline in industrial and A&D is primarily due to program timing in A&D. Broadcast, automotive, and consumer will be down slightly reflecting a small inventory cycle in automotive and a small decline in broadcast. Our gross margin will be between 69% and 70%, and our operating expense will be approximately $220 million including $1 million of amortization. Other income and expense will be an expense of $5 million and our tax rate is expected to be 14%. Share count is expected to be 266 million. As we move into the discussion of our full year guidance, I want to remind the audience that we have our analyst day on the May 23 in Boston. While I expect there will be questions on the full year guidance, we will give further details at our analyst day. First on revenue, we see annual revenue growth to be in the range of 4% to 8%. This will be driven by growth in communications and data center and broadcast, consumer and automotive and to a lesser degree by industrial and A&D. Within communications and data center, all end markets will show growth including wireless, as it has recovered from the low points in FY 2016. In broadcast, consumer, and automotive, we expect automotive to continue to grow strongly, although at a reduced rate with the other end markets showing some growth. In industrial and A&D, the overall growth of the segment will be mitigated by program timing factors in A&D, although the underlying business in A&D remains healthy. We see the growth of our overall business weighted into the second half of the fiscal year. For gross margin, we expect to remain in the range of 68% to 70%. Our price and cost management efforts will continue to support our gross margin, though we expect some pressure from product ramp expenses and customer mix through the year. For the past few years, we have been deliberately increasing our relative emphasis on R&D, while extracting efficiency from SG&A. This has provided the resourcing for the execution we have seen on 28-nanometer, 20-nanometer and now 16-nanometer, and has put us in the advantageous position Moshe has described. We are continuing that approach with an investment level and focus consistent with addressing the opportunity we see in front of us. In order to capitalize on and extend our market position, operating expense is expected to grow 7% to 9% with almost all of the growth being in research and development. This growth funds the expansion of our leadership position with the 28-nanometer Spartan-7, significant increases in tape-out expenses to accelerate our lead in 16-nanometer, and our leading 7-nanometer product development. Other income and expense will decline slightly through the year from the $5 million quarter level in the first quarter. This will mean that we will see approximately half the expense we saw in fiscal year 2016, a significant improvement driven by last year's interest rate increases and a small anticipated increase in interest rates in FY 2017. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 14%. With the growth in revenue and the operating assumptions I've described, we anticipate low single digit growth in earnings per share in fiscal year 2017. Let me now open up the call for questions.
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President: Sure. I'm not exactly sure I relate to the softness characterization. I think what we're reflecting is the rate of growth in the past couple of years has been very significant, although the rate of growth in FY 2017 will also be significant, it just won't be at that same rate.
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President: Yeah, I was just, you know, the FY 2017 A&D business is, I would characterize as there's a very broad base of projects underneath it extending from electronic warfare to munitions to data analysis and communication systems. And it's different from when we had the very large GSF program as Jon described. So, I think I would characterize it as a very strong and diverse market in A&D. But it is coming off of the cycle that Jon described.
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President: Well, there's two parts to that, the way I think about it. One is the cameras and then the other part is a distribution aspect of things. And the distribution aspect is moving more towards server and common platforms, and in some cases we're actually seeing some of that start to bleed into what we would call our classic communications business as IP protocols are used more. Camera business has tended to be more around trends of the technology, so thinking of the move to 4K and then 8K beyond that. So we are seeing relative strength in the whole camera side of it, because of those trends more towards 4K in terms of recording content and things like that. The other side of the distribution we're seeing relative softness.
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President: Yes, Ian, it's Lorenzo here. I think we are really, really conscious of the strength of our operating model, and I want to point out again what was said earlier, we've been very disciplined at how we've spent and invested our money in the past. I think this is a strategic investment area, and as Moshe said, our objective is to get back to our target operating margin levels as quickly as possible.
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President: The second half operating expense will be significantly higher than the first half. But you'll start seeing the increase in the second quarter.
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President: Yeah, I think despite Moshe's saying, Jon and I could have a lot to add, his answer was – it was fairly comprehensive. In the near term what we see is, as Moshe described, firming up the recovery from where we had been in the low points particularly in China, backfills geographically around the world, and ramp in India although we don't expect that to be of the same magnitude as China. And then finally, the 5G prototyping pre-production type of business is actually pretty good business for us this year.
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President: So let me take that, because I've actually looked at the issue of seasonality. I think the complexity of our business and the multi-market nature of our business makes seasonality a tough model to apply because we're more prone to be following longer term growth or decline trends than we are necessarily seasonal behaviors like, say, a retailer. And I know you acknowledged that up-front, John, but I think what we're really saying in this market environment, it is the continued growth of our new products which you can view as not being terribly impacted by seasonality. And the expansion into new markets which are also not impacted by seasonality that are driving our overall growth for the year. And those would be the continued ramp of new products in our wired business, and I've made in my commentary, there's relative firmness in Wireless. Expansion in the Data Center, continued growth in the expansion opportunities we've developed in automotive. Those are the things that are going to drive us. And like I said, I don't see that kind of expansion impacted significantly by seasonality.
Lorenzo Flores - Vice President: Yeah, I think the whole issue with latency and you can't wait for a decision to be made by a processor unit to get information to the driver at essentially real-time speeds. And that's where we excel. And there will be many of those applications that are so critical to getting that information there, that you cannot stand any sort of a latency kind of an issue. And that's where we're finding huge interest even in our more advanced products from customers.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Let me take a cut at that. So, data center is a fast-emerging market, and it's still in the nascent period, so it's a market which we expect over the next five years to grow at a rapid rate. For us, it could be significant and in that sort of timeframe as we execute, we believe that it could be a multi $100 million market, which for us is a big number. We can service it and we are servicing it already with our existing product portfolio, so we actually have design wins in 20-nanometer, 16-nanometer, and I'm pretty sure we would expect to have significant design wins in 7-nanometer too. What you will get from 7-nanometer is typically higher level integration, higher performance, lower power, all of these things are important to this market where every two years to three years, there's a total refresh of the data centers due to the rapid rate of evolvement. So data center is a big driver of our 7-nanometer business, but actually part of the expansion of our 16-nanometer we expect to have significant benefits, that's targeted at data center too. So, you don't need to wait until 7-nanometer in order to see our revenue growth in data center, it should come ahead of that. Given the nature of our business, after we tape out the device, it typically takes a year to move into production, and then the deployment is very market-specific. So, there are markets that deploy very quickly. Emulation is an example of the one which deploys fastest, but data center is also a fast time to market for us, so probably 7-nanometer, our data center product, should be generating revenue, 2019-2020, that sort of timeframe. All right, hopefully that answers your question.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. Okay, Ambrish. So thanks for the first question, I wanted to make sure that I clarify. What we believe is we now have almost a once in a lifetime opportunity, and this is driven by two things. One is outstanding execution and I'm not going to keep beating that dead horse. I think I can assume that the issue of credibility on that topic is no longer in question. I hope so.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. That's a great question and I think we will answer it in more detail in May. But just to sort of give you a preview, we're going to be approaching that either way, and we intend to grow the company over time to beat that number and to grow beyond it. So we'll give a little more clarity as to when you can expect that in May, but you're not going to need to wait several years for that. Now this year is particularly significant in terms of growth, because to be totally open, we have so overachieved on the functionality of the 16-nanometer that we are just accelerating the tape-outs, and each of these tape-outs is a multimillion dollar cost to us. So knowing realistically, we're sort of pulling several of them in, which is good news because that means that over time it should translate to revenue quickly. But what you're seeing now, this rate of growth in R&D, which potentially could be larger than the top line, we do not expect that to continue in the future. And again, in May we'll give you more.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. That's a great question. What sort of has happened over the past few years is we're in a business where most of the markets we serve take a long time to come to fruition. And so if you look at 28 nanometer, which we taped out six years ago, it is now approaching $200 million a quarter. It hasn't quite reached that level. $200 million a quarter is, give or take, only a third, in and around it's about 30% of our overall revenue. So what you're seeing is the time it takes for the new nodes starting from 28 nanometers and now at 20 nanometers, which as we said we shipped close to a 100 million relatively quickly for us during the past fiscal year. They're in their continued growth phase, and also the Zynq product line is now in its more accelerated growth phase. For example, automotive is driven by the Zynq product line, which is an expansion play. And so we're at the point in time where all of the headwinds we had, which are all technologies, some execution challenges we have had in the past which we are paying the price for, et cetera, they're tailing off. And the new technologies where we have much higher market share and where the expansion plays are starting to pick up, and so I think your question is very fair and a very good one, but the reason is that we now see that the headwinds are tailing off and, hence, the growth from the new products will happen. And we're also seeing the changes in the industry. For example, I'll just throw one thing at you. Five years ago we predicted that the Japanese ASICs vendors would depart the stage, right. And at the time, that was considered a heresy, right, because they had owned the market for the longest period of time. And to a large extent they're gone, right. So that's an opportunity for us. A lot of the other ASIC vendors have gone. I mean it's not that there are no ASIC companies, but there are fewer and fewer of them. The same thing is true on the ASSP side. So the serviceable market is now growing, and in order to exploit that, we're making these larger investments.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. Clearly we believe we have a year lead, potentially a more significant lead than that, and it behooves us to exploit it. And because our silicon is in such good shape and we can do multiple tape-outs and we're already shipping six products, which for us would be unheard of. This is a product we taped out at the very end of June. So it's only nine months since we taped it out and we already are shipping six derivative unique products. So that means that we've done six tape-outs, which means that it's really in very good shape. And you're right that if we sit back and we have a very worthy competitor and we just let them, don't exploit that, we're likely to compromise the potential here. So, yeah, there is an element of that. That's on our core programmable logic business. But this goes beyond programmable logic because with 16-nanometer and with 7 and with Zynq, we can provide an alternative to ASICs and ASSPs and those are our nontraditional competitors. And obviously we just need to keep running as quickly as we can to maintain the lead we have in terms of technology, so it's both.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So I'll give you my cut, and then I'm sure there's a lot of additional information Jon and Lorenzo can add. But we hit the low point in the June quarter of calendar 2015. And that was a really low, low point. So if you do peak-to-trough, it was almost one-half of the peak or maybe even less than one-half of the peak. And what we have seen is it's recovering. We think there's a lot of things that happened because wireless is a multi-geography, multi-generation phenomenon on the infrastructure side. What we saw was there was the combination of all of the bad news on all of the fronts happened at the same time for us. Since then, it has improved. We're seeing renewed deployment in China. We're seeing deployment in India, and this is all triggered around, this is not 5G. This is largely LTE. We think that LTE still has a lot of deployment left. And that will probably, for the next few years, continue to carry things. What we're seeing which is very encouraging to us is if you go back a year or a year-and-half ago, the general feeling was that there would be no rush towards 5G. And that has sort of totally changed within the past year. And there now seems to be a race towards 5G with an amazing amount of prototyping and proof-of-concept being done now. And we actually have a great footprint there. We expect a quasi-5G or an early 5G to be deployed in 2018 at a minimum in Korea, but actually I won't be surprised if there's some early signs in North America. And then 2020 onward, we expect it to grow. It's expected to be a very large market, and there's a lot of applications which are driving it. Smartphones, even though they're not growing, their footprint in terms of bandwidth is increasing, right? So maybe there's not that many new smartphones, but the refresh cycle is for ones which require more bandwidth and significantly bigger load on the infrastructure. And the applications are driving that and, the other one is the Internet of Things both on the consumer and the industrial side, and that's expected to generate totally new set of needs for infrastructure. So we think it's a big market. Again, we'll shed some more light on that in May with people who are more expert in the field.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So that trend is continuing but certainly not as robust as people had indicated a number of years ago that it was going to be deployed. We are participating in small cells. It is still a market that we can be in if we're talking about urban areas where there – where the number of users and densification requirement, so I would say not on the home or local kinds of things, but in urban areas where they're trying to augment macro base stations, we are playing in those, particularly in the radios. So, yeah, but we don't see it as a big offset to the long-term macro station.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, let's say there's a huge downturn and we're rational people, and we behave accordingly. Right? So we generally realize that we have a responsibility here, and we take it very seriously. So if that happens, we will act accordingly. Lorenzo's guidance for the year is 4% to 8%, and we're not planning on some huge surge to justify this. We're planning on a gradual growth during the year. We think that's very reasonable given our strong design win situation, and the fact that we do see them moving into production now at a greater rate on the newer nodes. So I'm not discounting that. Things happen. And if they do, we will act accordingly.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So we'll give some more depth here, but again this is an emerging set of applications, and there is various ways of skinning the cat. We do think that it won't all end up with one centralized monster processor regardless. Now, there may be more done centrally, or there may be less done centrally, but it won't all be done centrally for a whole host of reasons. In order to enable this distribution, one of the biggest issues is of course the issue of security. And that's where our products, because the security can be built in our products, and embedded in hardware as opposed to software which can more easily be hacked and manipulated. We believe that we have a strong potential advantage as that turns out to be the case. Right? But I think this is going to evolve over 10 years, 15 years, right? And this is a long-term transition. And regardless, I don't think that even at the very end it will all be in one place. I think, there will be lots of reasons for it to be distributed over. But for sure for the next two generations of products we don't see anything other than distributed solution.
