Victor Peng: Well, look, Huawei is a very important customer to us. But as you said, we had no 10% customer in FY19 nor in first quarter of FY20. Huawei is important. That said, we are able to hit the midpoint of our guidance, because we were able to perhaps a quarter. But as I said, the resilience of the business in all the other markets being very strong, particularly AIT also seeing some more strength in some of the other wireless as well as the wired growth. As we expected and just plain, a lot of hard work we were managed to offset that. I think you should think the way the fact at our Analyst Day we have said that Q2 would be flattish to Q1, and now we're guiding slightly down from that slightly down from that shows that clearly there is impact despite the fact that we were able to hit the mid range. And just in terms of, the general size, I mean, clearly as Lorenzo said, this range that we gave for Q2 shows that our current expectation is well less than half than what we thought of begin with. So the way you should think about this is kind of the exposures of volatility around this is greatly reduced now because of how we're thinking about the business.
Victor Peng: I think if you take a step back and say, other than this trade situation, our main thesis of everything we said during the Investor and Analyst Day remains intact. That's what Lorenzo's close with. The fact that we have really still strong growth drivers in 5G, I guess, Huawei is an impact but rest of 5G still there, data center, automotive and long term and built on top of all the multiple diverse markets that we have and so forth. So I think when we think about it, we said -- and we are investing in order to stay in mid-teens growth for the next five years. Nothing really in the near term says that we should get off of that strategy and the investment thesis. So we are still essentially moving forward with our investments but of course we're monitoring situation very carefully.
Victor Peng: Can I also just add that, it isn't that Huawei is being a little more large [indiscernible], it's the wireless sector as a whole. And so while wireless is down a bit, it's still pretty meaningful part. So I think we really -- I think that's the way to think of it, it isn’t just the Huawei issue, we still have very meaningful wireless business and then the other part that Lorenzo said about the other segments.
Victor Peng: So Lorenzo is going to give you some clarity on the first detailed part about traditional versus new. What I would say is following, again as I -- Huawei, actually we tend to think of that as wireless business, but their cloud business is a significant business. And everybody is aware that they had been in production with FAF. So as we said one of the big hits for the quarter was we weren't able to ship some additional deployments, they were going to do an FAF. The second, as Lorenzo expressed, was a transition on a significant memory business. And again, both of those businesses are the new good interesting businesses, as opposed to traditional, not really acceleration in storage kind of business. To your broader question around, this is going to be one of our big growth drivers. Yes, so we can do one on a percentage basis, you're right. On an apples to basis, obviously, since it's still small. I guess what I would say is that, I just want to say that it wasn't the only thing that was going to drive our business, of course. And look, we're still -- see our opportunity is very, very big. We're going after that aggressively. We're not re-guiding the year again but we're sticking to our -- to see if we can get an opportunity and growth there. So again, stay tuned to Q2. And then we -- and one other thing is you didn't actually explicitly asked this. But we're confident that we're going to bounce back in Q2 with strong double-digits, because we see the backlog. We've already factored in that we can't ship to Huawei. So that downside that we couldn't have predicted is in there, and we see the solid backlog. So Lorenzo, do you have the approximate between new and…
Victor Peng: I mean, again just qualitatively, I think this speaks to the overall strength of 5G, which again that isn't -- our thesis hasn't changed there. Obviously, Huawei is important for us it's not like we had no impact. But just speaking to the strength of the 5G deployment is really happening. Korea started last year but that's not -- and so that's over. And I think I'll remind everybody that Huawei is a key customer as the ZTE. And we continue to ship to ZTE and as well as all the other ones that we ship to, all the big players in wireless. So I think that's really what you're seeing and…
Victor Peng: As far as the ASIC displacement, as I said in my opening remarks, so being inside a little bit more is that, that's factored in and we shared what we though what we would do at the Analyst and Investor Day. So we are planning on the fact that we will see some displacement. I would say that it's not that we've seen that to-date but we are still no change in terms of when we think that's going to pass, let's put it that way. And so that also means that, as Lorenzo said, we still do feel that the second half will be stronger than the first half, but we will give you the detail after the close of this quarter. Again, that factors in any ASIC displacement.
Victor Peng: So, no, I do not think at all that we were trying to convey that, and we don't believe that. But it's not like they can just swap. But I think, maybe a better way to think about is the initial -- remember, we're in the early phases of 5G. We're just in the initial phases of the first -- the initial deployments in the first phase and we see multiple phases. I think what we're seeing is in China for the very first phase is not that much change. And as you know, the big players are Huawei and ZTE, then other vendors get some portion of the market, but it's relatively modest. There's really no change to that qualitative thing. And the other points outside China, of course, are not affected, everybody's rolling through that. We aren't saying that we have great visibility in what's going to happen to later deployments in China. Obviously, we can't, because you don't know what's going to happen with trade situation and so forth. And to your point, it's not just like thinking just everything can just swap. So yes, no, we didn't mean to imply that and we don't subscribe to that perspective.
Victor Peng: I think in our Analyst and Investor Day, we walked through that as best we can. So I don't want to attempt to try and go through that again. So if you were to take the trading off, I would say there's nothing different about how we feel about it today from what we shared at the Analyst and Investor Day. The exact details of the value content does vary by OEM as well. In the case of China and Huawei, it's like, okay, if we can't ship them then -- in those systems, then it's not a matter of the degree. It's just that we're not shipping them. So again, I would just summarize and say that there's really no difference in how we think about broadly the content, including ASIC displacements. We've factored that in.
Victor Peng: Well, I guess in the near-term, they -- as Huawei everybody knows, has a subsidiary of high silicon that was their ASICs, and they do use them quite a bit. I don't really have any insight. So I don't want to speculate exactly what they do. But I would imagine that if this situation prolongs, they will lean into what they already use, which is ASICs. That can't happen quickly, because when you're architecting some ways, it's not like you could just change that on the dime. In terms of other our replacement, and if you -- you didn't say this, but if you're referring to, like in China, domestic replacement. Those companies we watch and they're all doing very low end things that certainly could not replace us in anything approaching 5G. So I think that's fairly far out. In terms of other strategies with replacement or whatever, again, I don't want to speculate. But basically as I said, for the near-term, I don't really see how they would do rather than just focusing on ASICs more.
Victor Peng: Yes, I mean, Japan is going to start. We believe that will happen, but it will be little bit more of a moderate thing than what we've seen -- what we see in the first two geographies going. North America, traditionally, has moved a little slower, we don't see anything different than that, and then probably Europe after that. So we don't see something really imminent. Although, there is certainly a lot of activity, so that's our outlook at the moment.
Victor Peng: Two clarifications. It wasn't licenses for all the remaining products. Again, what we've just recently begun shipping is things that we feel even with the restrictions that we have, we can legally ship. What we've applied the licenses to some additional products, but certainly not all of them, because again, there's been no change to the overall restriction with respect to security, national security. So that's what Lorenzo was trying to express, is that the midpoint of our guidance for Q2 is just assuming that we can continue to ship the things that we just started shipping, and it's our estimate for what we'll ship. The upper end of the range certainly would require us getting some approval for some additional product, but it is not all the products. And of course, we have to get that approval soon enough, so that was shipped, though, there's still uncertainty and dynamics around that. And then in terms of when these things typically get responded to by the government, in usual circumstances, what we have heard is 69 days. But as you may have read there has been some recent meetings with the administration in various departments and saying that there are going to be expediting those companies that have put in licenses. And that might happen much sooner than in a matter of weeks. But nothing specific has been given and of course we have no idea we were on the queue.
Victor Peng: So let me talk to the first one. So, I don't think that we've lost anything that we just will completely lose. Because again that would just one or two things that they've got complete replacement on a dime, or they're just going to give up on that business. And they're certainly not going to give up on 5G. And again as we've said, they've architected in a certain way that that's not something that anybody could just change on a dime. If this starts prolonged for a very long period of time, which I certainly hope isn't going to happen, which I expressed in my comments as well. We really certainly hope we could resolve these important issues as quickly as possible. In which case then, we will have some results. But I think, again, if you think about the guide if you if you look at it, even if we got meaningful, the vast majority of everything we applied for in the license and we continue to ship what we have, that's still less than half of the revenue we would have expected for Huawei if nothing have had occurred. That's what Lorenzo had guided to help you understand what we're doing. So that tells you that, of course, that 5G and the other things that Huawei doing were very meaningful for us.
Victor Peng: So on the base band, again, I would -- I know there's a lot of questions around that. And what I would say is we always contemplated whatever replacement that we would see there, nothing has really changed. Again Huawei is -- the way to think of it is that even in the licensing, it's really not 5G designed in business kind of thing. So there is -- it's not just the base band question it's just Huawei in wireless 5G. With respect to Versal, actually that's going really well. As we said, we already sampled to the very leading customers. We have literally hundreds of people in the early access program where they're already using the software and getting ready for designs. Obviously, we just initially ship throughout this whole quarter will be expanding sampling and so forth. As I said, silicon testing is really rock solid. So we're very excited, feedback has been good. I will say that, of course -- so this is still sampling period. So revenue will be very modest. Until we go in production in FY21, you're not going to see meaningful revenue. But in terms of momentum and taking our platform to the next level, we're in really good shape, very excited about that.
Victor Peng: What we did say is we expect our second half overall could be. The whole business and I hope the deal -- our business in the second half, which we said it honestly, albeit it's moderated now, because unless we get full resolution of Huawei and resume all shipping to Huawei then obviously it's not going to be as strong as what we said. But we're still seeing qualitatively we believe the second half of this fiscal year will be stronger. And again, we will give you all that information after the close of this, which by the way we -- part of that which is we'll get clarity on these licenses we have put in that we discussed. And we just think we'll be in better place to give you something without speculating.
Victor Peng: Yes, that's a very good question. Obviously, it's a very disruptive product and it's very powerful. So we do need to bring along the software the tools along with. As I said in my comments and as you're going to hear we're going to do, so I don't want to previous details. But we are, at XDF, in October going to announce new software development environment. That isn't just for Versal but it will of course go forward with Versal. And we are going to -- we've invested a lot in it, and we are going to significantly improve the user experience and make it more accessible to more developers. So we are investing a lot. We are also doing other things beyond just our internal in terms of driving ecosystem in IP and libraries, optimized libraries and other things around run time. So, it's a good play. We are investing a lot. It is important you hear more details about that at XDF. So hopefully, you can make that or stay tuned.
A - Lorenzo Flores: So just in case I wasn't clear. When I gave my prepared remarks from Q1 to Q2 wireless business, despite Huawei shipping restrictions, is going to increase slightly.
A - Lorenzo Flores: I'll take the last two on auto. It was a little bit lower than previous quarter this quarter and we had expected to grow. And what we're seeing is the impact of, what would you characterize our business and customers from outside of China selling autos in China was one of the drivers for the lower than expected performance. I do appreciate the fact that you asked about the longer term growth trend. Year-over-year, we did see greater than 5% growth. And maybe more importantly, if you take the trailing 12 months versus the prior trailing 12 months, we see double-digit percentage growth in our auto business. So, we still see very strong growth trajectory there over the course of time. And then NGCodec is a relatively immaterial transaction. So we're not providing that accretion assessment that you asked for. But we did, in the transaction, get a very, very good highly qualified IP team. And so, we're really pleased with that.
A - Lorenzo Flores: The last part of your question, Chris, on the memory related customer. Clearly, we won't just give you a very specific number for them, because they're less than 10%. I will say that in relation to the overall data center business, which is relatively small as we've disclosed, is a significant customer.
Lorenzo Flores: No, I actually -- Ambrish, I don't want to make that cut up on the fly. I don't have it handy. But what I can tell you, if this helps is, the core data center business growth that Victor alluded to, as we go from Q1 to Q2, is almost entirely the new business, if you will. And we can get back to you on the historical stuff. Sorry about that.
Lorenzo Flores: I think that aligns with the Asia growth story as primary driver. And we did see maybe significantly less important in overall impact. We did see some strength in industrial end markets in Asia.
Lorenzo Flores: So, let me start with relative to the smaller piece of history. There was some inventory build in the strength in industrial in Q1, very low double-digit million, if you will. In the Q2 guide, even as we went into this fiscal year and incorporated in what we've said at Analyst Day, we were aware of a significant customer whose program timing would cause a pause in this quarter in their revenue. So, that's factored in and is a significant decline in the TME part of the business specifically.
Lorenzo Flores: Quinn, there may have been some form of miscommunication. We didn't say anything specifically on this call about second half wireless trajectory. We are reserving the next few months to get much more clarity on the Huawei situation and the larger trade situation. So sorry, if there was a miscommunication there…
