Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Lorenzo. I am very pleased with the financial results of the third quarter. We delivered our fifth consecutive revenue growth quarter. Revenue reached its highest level in nearly 2 years while delivering better-than-expected profitability. We continue to benefit from our diversified, multi-market strategy and technology leadership portfolio. In the December quarter, wireless rebounded significantly, largely driven by 4G business in China and India as well as pre-5G deployment. Sales also increased in A&D and ISM, more than offsetting declines in other end markets. Overall, revenue growth continues to be driven by our advanced products. For the first 9 months of fiscal year ‘17, advanced products were up nearly 50% versus the prior year period. We anticipate our advanced products will again grow significantly in the March quarter and set a new sales record. This momentum in our advanced products is fueling our confidence in meeting the midpoint – the revenue growth forecast 4% to 8% we provided at last year’s Analyst Meeting. Sales from our 28-nanometer Zynq product family, the industry’s first All Programmable SoC, increased by nearly 20% led by growth in wireless communications and ADAS applications. Our overall 28-nanometer revenue, including Zynq, is expected to increase in the March quarter, set a new record driven by broad end market deployment. 20-nanometer revenue again reached a record level, significantly exceeding our $50 million target. We expect to ship over $60 million of 20-nanometer products in the March quarter, setting a new record. 60-nanometer sales grew significantly in the December quarter to a new record, exceeding our forecast while shipping to multiple end markets, including automotive, data center and communications. We expect 60-nanometer sales to increase again in the March quarter, set a record as broad based customer adoption continues to accelerate. Our decision to increase our fiscal year 2017 R&D investment to both capitalize on our technology leadership and expand our product portfolio continues to pay off. After reaching critical production milestone that extended our 60-nanometer competitive lead to well over a year, we have accelerated our production tape-outs of this node and are currently shipping 12 unique products to over 300 active customers. We announced the expansion of our 60-nanometer portfolio with devices that integrate high bandwidth memory and CCIX technology. This product family is architected to support performance intensive applications, such as compute acceleration in the data center, high data rate, Ethernet connectivity, 8K video and radar systems. Last quarter, these expanded R&D investments helped us to further develop the market potential for data center acceleration. Xilinx introduced the reconfigurable acceleration stack with a goal to enable mainstream adoption of our FPGAs for accelerated machine learning, video transcoding and big data analytics. Amazon Web Services recently announced they are deploying our 60-nanometer UltraScale+ FPGAs in the cloud. This has the potential to create a new disruptive business model for our technology and expand the reach to a very broad set of enterprise customers. We continue to invest in data center market development, anticipating the longer-term horizon for revenue returns. The $590 million to $620 million sequential revenue guidance driven from significant growth in our advanced products will manifest itself in many of our end markets, including wired communications, data center, automotive, ISM, A&D, consumer and broadcast. This broad based growth underscores the strength of our diversified, multi-market portfolio. We now turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, if you go back 1 year or 2 years, infotainment was by far the largest portion of the business. And over the last 2 years, ADAS has grown and infotainment has shrunk. Now, ADAS is by far the largest portion of the business and it generally speaking, continues to grow at a faster rate. So we expect our automotive business to be one of the growth drivers over the next year for sure and see overall growth in automotive in fiscal year 2018 versus fiscal year 2017.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So we will be giving guidance for next year, some initial guidance at the next earnings release and obviously full guidance in May when we have our Investor/Analyst Day in New York City. But generally speaking, if you look at what we had committed to do, we had said that we are investing. We are investing to exploit the technology lead we have and it would be foolish not to do that both in the short-term and definitely in the medium-term and long-term. Having said that, we are committed to getting back to the 30%, right. So what you will hear in the next earnings release and in May, you will hear more details with regards to that, but we should be moving back in that direction generally speaking. And how quickly we will get there, it’s too early for me to give you any clear guidance on that, but that direction we are committed to regardless.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. Let me do – I will try to answer your first part of your question probably a little differently than the way you had asked it. Just to remind you, we – typically takes a very long period of time from when we introduce the technology to when it actually provides huge revenue. And an example would be 28- nanometer, which is still not at its peak and we actually think that it’s a minimum of 2 years, maybe even further away from its peak. Now, if you look at 20 and 16 together, we tend to look at them as one node just due to the way they were introduced. They came relatively close together. And the combination of those – these two nodes is doing very well across all markets. 16, it’s still early days. We have these 300 customers and 12 unique devices that are shipping, but none of the customers are yet in volume production. You are right in highlighting that 16, two of the markets that will unquestionably drive that are automotive and data center. They are not the only two markets. They actually had much broader applicability. And of the two – those two data center tends to happen a little faster than automotive, but data center for us is a nascent market. It’s very early in its development and that’s why we are very careful in highlighting that the investments we are making in data center now will likely pay off a few years down the road, and we sort of highlighted 2020 is when it will be substantial in the potentially hundreds of millions of dollars. So to answer on 16-nanometer, overall, I would be disappointed in 2 years if it isn’t well over $100 million worth of business. Which markets will constitute that $100 million of sales, it’s still early to tell. And for this year, it will be significant, but it won’t be at that $100 million for this fiscal year for sure.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. Well, it’s the risk of quoting our President it’s going to be phenomenal. But back on the serious note, we are very excited about the 7-nanometer. We are delighted that TSMC continue to provide leadership product. We definitely benefit from the fact that they now have caught up and providing leadership technology at the earliest point in time. We expect our 2018 to be the year that we tape-out and provide first silicon. It will be – and this is where the phenomenal ends it stripes, it will be a very broad product offering, it won’t be just the high-end product offering and we believe we have – we will have the engineering innovation that enables us to cover most of the market, definitely not the low end with the 7- nanometer technology. So, it will be a very broad technology, applicability and we will have very significant impact on numerous of the markets we service. It will likely not at least initially have a low end footprint just because when you get to those new advanced nodes, they tend to be a lot more expensive, both in terms of mask sets and in terms of wafer costs and it takes time to get that to the point where you can actually address a low end portfolio. So, what we have done to address the low end portfolio in the interim is expanding 28-nanometer, which is a much more cost-sensitive and mature node to address that market, so we can protect and actually expand our position at the low end, because we feel that the low end has been relatively underserved, and it’s an opportunity for us. Hence, the additional investment we are making at 28-nanometer at the low end.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, we never underestimate our competition, least of all, Intel in that regard. But having said that, they are doing extremely well at 16-nanometer. The product is very mature. The yields are exceptional. The functionality of the product is great. That’s why we are investing in getting the production mask sets with very fine tweaks to solve the teething issues that the product had at the very beginning. And it’s doing really, really well. So our competitive position, we feel is incredibly strong at this node just due to the maturity of the product and the breadth of the family and the quality of the design and the operations at this point. So, it’s going really well. And we obviously are intent on continuing to exploit this lead and we assume there will be competition, but we are moving forward as quickly as possible to enhance and consolidate our position and it’s working quite well for us.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, it’s – Zynq was the groundbreaking new product for us and it was introduced relatively late in the 28-nanometer cycled product introduction, it was about a year after the initial device is. It was targeted at three markets, wireless, automotive and industrial. What has happened is because it is a really a system-level solution, because it has a very powerful CPU system embedded inside it, and that’s the first time something of this sort was available. It took a little longer for those designs to move into production. But what has happened now is that they are moving into production. Wireless and automotive are further ahead. The big ramp in industrial is still ahead of us. We have a mountain of design wins, which are now moving into production. And if you look at 16-nanometer, we are already seeing very fast adoption of the follow-on MPSoC device, which is going to market much faster than the initial generation was. So this is a significant portion of our business, because it started from zero and was competing with over $2 billion of other markets. It’s of other technologies. It took time, but it’s already at 10%, and we expected of our overall revenue and we expect it to be a very significant portion and a growing portion of the revenue with each subsequent node that we come up with. And it fundamentally moves us to a different role in our customer systems. And we are now competing against ASSP quite successfully in a broad range of markets. And if you look at our automotive business, our position in ADAS is very different from our position in infotainment. In infotainment, we were a companion device. In ADAS, we are the central device in the system. And that transition that we have made into the hearts of our customer systems is continuing at a fast rate. And Zynq is – in the 60-nanometer version and definitely the 7-nanometer version, which will be even more powerful and capable will enable us to do that in more and more of the markets we serve.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. Well, generally speaking, if you look at our business, we tend to serve a lot of markets and those markets move at difference rates. And as a result, we typically have numerous – revenue from numerous technology nodes at the same time. So first order effect and this is before I talk about Zynq against vis-à-vis other non-Zynq technologies. So first order effect, you have older technologies that are shrinking and you have newer technologies that when we do well in those nodes and now we have three nodes in a row where we have done well, they tend to be growing. And what has happened over the past few years is it took time for the advanced nodes to get to the point where they could, even though we had well over our natural market share, but it took time for these advanced nodes to be able to compensate for the old nodes, which were shrinking. Now, if you sort of do the arithmetic, we are at 47% on the advanced nodes and 53% on what we call core technology. And so the growth – the accelerated growth in the core technology is generally compensating for and then some for the shrinkage in the old nodes. This trend of new node cannibalizing old nodes is just parts and parcel of the semiconductor industry. We are not very different than that. So every time we introduced a new node, it – to some extent, if all the customers need is the exact same device, but a little cheaper, they can achieve that by going to the new node and that cannibalizes. What sort has happened is over the years, we have provided a very significant integration play and this is where I am getting to answering your question, just in case you are wondering. This is where the integration enables us to capture a larger part of the customer’s bill of material. And Zynq is part of that. And so if you look at the bill of materials now, we actually have the opportunity to replace ASSPs or standalone processors or standalone microcontrollers, at least in some of the markets, not all that we read. So yes, in that regard, Zynq is a market expansion play, but it very similar to the core business, it does tend to have some element of cannibalization. And that’s why when you sort of look at the numbers, which we have projected, we are sort of on course to deliver the first of what our hopefully several 6% growth years, which we said was our goal last year. And we are pleased to have delivered on that. And part of it is through market expansion. And Zynq is a market expansion play. But it provides some market expansion, but you are right, it does cannibalize some of the revenue from the previous generation. And if you look at wireless as an example, which is a market, which we are now serving with Zynq, and before, we used to serve with what I would call advanced, but cleaner FPGAs, then yes, that’s a market where we are cannibalizing the old revenue. But truthfully, if we didn’t have the Zynq, we would not be playing in that market with these advanced nodes. So in some cases, it’s an expansion. In some cases, you just need to move forward in order to standstill. And that’s the name of the game is the semiconductors.
Moshe Gavrielov: So the numbers we have projected are potentially hundreds of millions of dollars in and around calendar 2020. And we are still at the early stages, right. So and that’s why our choice of words has been consistently very careful in terms of setting expectations. Now what has happened is we are seeing tremendous pickup and tremendous interest in public design wins with Baidu and AWS position us to – as this market evolves and as it emerges to service it in a unique way. But it would be premature to assume that there is going to be a huge growth in terms of revenue in fiscal year ‘18, right. It’s still too early. These deployments are new deployments. We are committed to supporting them extremely well to enable them over time to develop into significant business, but this is not fiscal year 2018 where it will make a significant dent in whatever number we commit to for this upcoming year. It’s still a little further out than that.
Moshe Gavrielov: We will provide more insight, significantly more insight into that in May. It’s still premature, but no, we feel that the technology leadership and the broad market participation are playing in our favor. And sometimes we predict that market A will grow and actually, it’s a market B that grows. And that’s one of the benefits of the broad market participation that we have. So, we will give you more data in May.
Moshe Gavrielov: You are absolutely right. This was identified as a growth market by the GPU companies primarily NVIDIA, a long, long time ago and I give them credits for identifying that in their desire to diversify beyond their core PC and gaming focus, they invested very heavily on the software front. What we are doing is we are now taking a page out of their book. It’s not necessarily the same page. It’s a little bit of a different page. And we have to do that in order to enable broader deployment fundamentally, because the customer base – the target customer base is not FPGA savvy and it’s very unlikely that they will become FPGA savvy. Hence, you need this higher level of abstraction. And so the core benefits in the silicon architecture are there and we are continuing to drive those in all of the current generations. Some of the customers have the capability to deliver on that by themselves. Some of them need quite a bit of help and we are providing that through things like this rest architecture solution, which should make it easier for them to access the technology. Now as that is done and then you can look at some unique deployments like the Amazon one is unique and that it’s FPGA as a service, as we support that effort to enable them to expand the markets that could have a significant leverage with regards to the breadth of people who have access to it. That’s why we are so excited. That’s why we are getting some benefit from probably the biggest customer in the world and their business model and their approach to doing this. So that could, as it gets deployed and it’s brought to the market successfully that could accelerate this entire process. So between that and the rest architecture, I think those are the things that we believe will enable us to get to market much faster. And it won’t take us the same period of time, but it took other competitors in the past to develop this market.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So, let’s step back. The market really is very, very nascent and the biggest player today is Intel through their CPU offering. And now a fast emerging player who has pretty significant deployments is NVIDIA with some of these hyperscale players. What has become very, very clear is as the market is evolving, it’s also segmenting. And there are – it’s becoming clearer what elements are served really well by NVIDIA, for example and what elements which sometimes overlap, but sometimes are totally different are better within all programmable solution. So in these early days, its first-mover advantage is significant. It does give a lead, but there are inherent advantages, which we believe we have. And Intel clearly recognized those and that was one of the major drivers as they publicly have stated for their acquiring Altera was to be able to address that market. So, there is a whole set of applications, which are learning-oriented where NVIDIA and GPUs have probably a better architectural fit, but most other applications, which are potentially larger, are better serviced by us and programmable logic. Now with regards to the competition against Intel, it’s again very early 30 days. We believe that, a), anything which is non-Intel related were going to be the obvious solution, right? And so there is not insignificant business, which potentially could be serviced by AMD on x86 by IBM with their power solution and by the host of ARM guys and that will fall very naturally into our lap for obvious reasons. Having said that, that’s not the only market we can play in, because we think that even – and we are hearing this from the major players even where they are currently using Intel x86 processors when they are looking for an acceleration, they are finding that our leadership in terms of silicon technology and the approach with the pooled architecture where basically you could have a pool of Xilinx’ FPGAs, which provide acceleration, is more attractive to them than the approach, which Intel pursues which is more likely to strengthen their CPU hegemony with the one CPU, one FPGA solution, right. And that’s where we think that for a lot of these players, we – even if they end up using Intel x86, they are likely to want to pursue an acceleration solution, which is not dictated by Intel. And that’s where we have the opportunity. All-in-all, we are very careful in terms of setting expectations. And hence, it’s still early days. We expect to see hundreds of millions of dollars in the 2,000 – calendar 2000 [ph] timeframe. And if we do well and all of these other things work our way, potentially it could happen maybe faster or maybe larger, but it’s too early to commit and we are very careful in terms of highlighting that.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. So you are right that this is emerging and it’s emerging very, very quickly. And the needs are quite fluid and they are growing and there are different requirements. And so there is a broad set of design wins, which address different approaches. And sensor fusion is sort of a buzzword for highlighting that there is a whole family of different sensors that are required, some of which point forward, some of which point inward, some of which point sideways, some of which point backward. And this market is evolving at a very, very fast rate. What we are seeing is due to be uncertainty in the market and the – and due to the fact that for automotive, it’s moving, it’s an unprecedented upgrade [ph]. There is a lot of uncertainty, and that’s where we believe we have tremendous benefit because our solutions tend to enable a lot of flexibility as the markets change. And we are seeing that the major benefit with regards to competition with other companies that have a more ASSP oriented rigid solution. And we are seeing just a broad range of these different approaches and the design wins actually fall into numerous categories for us that – and enable us to address a lot of these. The early mover advantage we had here is helping us, because we have the relationships and it’s already approaching 10% of our business, which actually makes this one of the biggest players in this market. Just don’t have the marketing budget to sort of spray that over the Super Bowl, but we are doing really well.
Moshe Gavrielov: So the TAM is huge. The TAM today is – it has been growing maybe not as quite as quickly as it was before, but it has been growing and it’s approaching $20 billion. And that’s if you look mostly at the service side that primarily with x86 and the GPU side and that’s sort of a market, which is already at that level now. That market is changing and it’s changing to be serviced by more cost effective and power effective solutions and that’s where we actually, for a broad range of applications can provide high performance, which we have demonstrated at a lower power point than competitive solutions, be they processors where the gap tends to be quite big and GPUs where the gap is somewhat smaller, but it’s still substantial. And so if you look at the big market, you can say well, $20 billion market and we do not want to leave anyone with the impression that, that is all serviceable by Xilinx. However, I do believe that there is billions of dollars available to be addressed by alternate solution. And of that, we believe we can easily capture 10%. And if we do well, we can capture more than 10% of that over time. And the benefit will be higher performance to lower power point. And again for us, we have to accept the fact that we recognized this leg. And we now have to – we have the relationships with the sever hyper-scale guys. We have design wins with several of them in significant programs, but it’s still going to take time for that to translate into massive deployments. And that’s why we are providing these numbers, right in the hundreds and millions of dollars, which sort of correlate to the market share – potential market share of the serviceable market that I shared with you.
Moshe Gavrielov: So 5G originally because monetization of 4G took a little longer, there was an expectation that 5G would get pushed out about 2 years ago, maybe a little longer than that. It appeared that the tide had turned and there was a mad rush to provide 5G solutions. And we are benefiting from that because technology leadership has given us the full position with regards to this pre-5G deployment. Having said that, we think that the prime time for 5G is still likely in the 2020 timeframe and it’s not going to be massive before that. If it is, we will be in a good position to address it. But we are looking at 2020 for the big wave of 5G deployments. And we think between now and then, there will be a lot of interim steps, which we are well positioned to service, but they are less likely to be true 5G. In terms of marketing statements, I am sure there will be a lot of ultra stating marketing statements, which will claim 5G and all of that, but we won’t be – the real thing there will be a step in the direction.
Moshe Gavrielov: So I am not quite sure who you are referring to because we have a plethora of design wins and we also tend to have follow-on design wins with all of the current players and new ones. The market is evolving and it’s changing quite rapidly. And there are people who have the strong position in infotainment who are trying and planning on playing in the market. It’s – they are not coming at it from an ADAS-like approach, which tends to have a lot of distributed processing. They tend to have a approach, which is very, very super CPU or super GPU oriented with the central control. It’s still too early to know which of these approaches will work. And what is happening is as the market is very fluid, the needs are fluid and the competition is very fluid and the automotive market is going through a huge transition in this regard probably in unprecedented transition. We actually believe that having been there early on ADAS and being involved in all of these next steps is very attractive for us. And that’s why we believe that this will continue to drive our growth going forward. 10 years from now, it’s quite possible that the market will be commoditized and there won’t be the room for the changes and the uncertainty as to how the market will evolve. And at that point in time, it’s quite possible that ASIC/ASSPs will gain market share, but I think there is several years ahead of us of fluid market where the flexibility of our capabilities and the strength which a lot of the strength, which is inherent that we just talked about in data center is actually very germane to automotive, right. And that’s where you will find a higher performance at a lower PowerPoint solution with the programmable logic element. So we are quite confident that we are – for the next several years, we are in a very good spot with regards to monetizing this market.
Lorenzo Flores: So I don’t think there is anything anomalous in the decline, Joe. I think the issues we had, some inventory positioning on the part of some of our key customers in ADAS. We still see strength in all of the design wins that we have talked about and all the – on all of the end markets – I am sorry, end manufacturer models that we have talked about before, so we don’t have any concerns over that. And as Moshe described, we expect to see a very strong rebound in automotive driven by ADAS in the fourth quarter. A large part of the decline, as we have been talking about before, has been in the infotainment business as well. So we are not concerned.
Lorenzo Flores: I think we have discussed before Joe that the breadth of our design wins and we are at a point where it’s the take rate of the option packages that will help determine the growth of our business there.
Lorenzo Flores: Thanks. So the quick answer is yes. And I will let Moshe answer the bigger picture framework question and I will probably add in at some point.
Lorenzo Flores: Yes. So actually, I don’t have much to add to that Ambrish, but I think I will expand a little bit on accounts receivable because I am sure other people may have the same question. If you look back, we have had an occasional spike of accounts receivable and you probably generally followed up with the quarter where they come down and we obviously collect the cash. Obviously, we are trying to manage this, but most importantly, when we service our customers, when they want the product. And so that impacts when we can collect for the revenue that we have. So and looked it very closely, we don’t see any issues, as I have said earlier, on collecting the accounts receivable. So we expect to turn that back down to a more normal level in this quarter.
Lorenzo Flores: Okay. So C.J., I think I’ll just echo a little bit of what Moshe said in response to Ambrish’s question, which is we will obviously provide more details coming out of our fiscal year and at our Analyst Day. But I think that what we said in the past is what we are thinking now, which is we don’t expect the slope of the R&D investment to be at the same angle as this past year and we are managing the company to get back to the 30% up and greater operating margin level in the intermediate term, if you will.
Lorenzo Flores: Yes. So Ross, the other end markets in that group were also down a little. And you are right, our guidance for next quarter assumes – we really are expecting a significant snapback from automotive.
Lorenzo Flores: Yes. So John, I certainly understand both why you asked the question and how you kind of framed it, but I will go back to something Moshe has said and we are going to try very hard to stick to over the next 3 months. We want to provide you a much clearer view of what our 2018, or FY 2018 looks like as we come out of this fiscal year and into our Analyst Day. But I will address a couple of your points may be to help you out in the interim. We do have, as you noted, significant increase in the second half of the year from tape-outs that we are taking advantage of our leadership position and we think it was the right thing to do. We told you we are going to do it at our last Analyst Day and as we are doing it. We are also growing our overall R&D capability. So, those are factors we are going to have to balance as well as what we are doing on the next nodes in the next fiscal year. And I think it’s probably more beneficial to your understanding of our operating model next year to wait rather than try to guess at it right now.
Lorenzo Flores: So we are actually pretty pleased with our position in India. We are benefiting right now – the strength in our wireless business, a significant portion of it comes from India-based deployments. So as that expands over time, we think we will continue to take advantage of it. But the outlook – specific outlook for the deployment is a little bit more murky, but as I said just a second ago, we are really well positioned with respect to our customers that have a position in India. We don’t think it’s going to be of this scale in the near-term that the China-based deployments were and we also don’t think it’s going to be as rapid deployment has happened in China. We still think it’s a good amount of business for us.
