Maria Quillard: Thank you and good afternoon. With me are Moshe Gavrielov, CEO; and Jon Olson, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the March quarter then we’ll open the call for questions. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live. It can be accessed from our Investor Relations website. Now let me turn the call over to Jon Olson.
Maria Quillard: Yeah Uche, I really think we're going to be able to maintain in that range of 65 for a few quarters, despite some of the drag that's going on and then hopefully improve after that. And there's a lot of different things that go on in margin relative to product mix and it's not just all about short-term cost changes, based on yields, etcetera. But what we see as a very rapidly improving yield environment on 40, 45-nanometer right now as we start building a lot of product, we think that we can maintain that range, 64 to 66 or 65ish kind of a number while we're going through this yield ramp and then we'll see what happens as get to the end of the year.
Maria Quillard: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5 PM Pacific, 8 PM Eastern. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the first quarter of fiscal 2011 will be Wednesday, July 21st, after the market closes. This quarter we'll be presenting at the JPMorgan Technology Conference in Boston, and the UBS Tech Conference in New York City. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon and good afternoon to you all. Across the semiconductor industry, the customer demand side of the business has been very healthy. For Xilinx, we are delighted to have delivered our second consecutive record revenue quarter. In addition, with our 5 to 9% growth in revenue guidance for the June 2010 quarter, we are expecting better than normal seasonality. As demand strengthens our customers are giving us increased visibility by placing bookings and driving down our trends requirements for the quarter. As Jon mentioned, our backlog is up significantly. We are predicting lower turns in the 50% range for the June ending quarter. Furthermore, as we discussed last quarter, many of our secondary markets have yet to reach the levels of our prior revenue peak during the June 2008 quarter. Currently, four of our 10 secondary markets, wired, industrial, testing measurement and computing are still below their peak revenue. This improved end market outlook is encouraging as the new 65, 40 and 45 nanometers yield is poised to grow significantly. Encouraging growth rate is a testament the programmable imperative that is occurring all around us. Increasingly, advanced technology node Programmable Logic platform are replacing ASIC and some selective ASSP solutions. I encounter this trend frequently whenever I meet with our very broad based customers. While the demand side has been very strong, supply side of semiconductor business has been constrained, primarily by foundry capacity. Xilinx is not impervious to these trends this past quarter. Our top line results were at the high end of our guidance. However, our forecasted demand particularly for some of our Virtex families coupled with very tight foundry capacity constrained our sales from growing further this past quarter. By and large, we're serving our customer needs and delivering to our commitment. Our lead times have stretched out but generally are 10 weeks or less with some Virtex-5 parts extending beyond this range. As we enter the June quarter, our ability to deliver continues to challenge us given the healthy demand. We currently expect to see overall lead time improvement in the September quarter. Even though we couldn't ship all the Virtex-5 devices we had on order, this family grew double digits sequentially, establishing yet another new record. In the June quarter, we are expecting Virtex-5 to increase yet again, building upon the success of our Virtex-5 family are the Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 families. Both of these families have achieved full qualification and are now shipping in volume production. In the June quarter, several of our 3G wireless customers will take significant deliveries of our Virtex-6 devices. They've been designing with Virtex-6 and expect to have their end products shipping volume in the coming quarters. As a result, we expect to see sales from this product family increase significantly. With respect to our 28-nanometer product, we expect to be sampling silicon by the end of our fiscal year. We'll be disclosing more details about our unified 28-nanometer sector and specific products in the months to come. Yesterday, we unveiled our revolutionary ARM-based extensible processing architecture that combines an ARM Cortex A9 processor with integrated 28-nanometer, low power, high performance programmable logic. This new programmable platform will deliver unrivaled levels of performance, flexibility, integration to developers of a high – of a wide variety of embedded systems. It is a key element of our company's overall growth strategy as articulated at our analyst meeting in February. Target markets include automotive driver assistance, intelligent video surveillance, industrial automation, aerospace and defense and next generation wireless. By employing familiar embedded software environment and its vast ecosystem, we can leverage open standards and extend the reach of embedded systems, providing significant incremental growth opportunities for Xilinx in the future. Summary, fiscal 2010 was a great year with a number of key accomplishments. I'm pleased by what we have been able to achieve through steadfast execution to our plan. During this period, Virtex-5 became the industry's most successful product offering in terms of quarterly sales. We began production of the next generation of Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 families and have improved our profitability significantly through a number of proactive cost reduction and efficiency programs. As we enter fiscal 2011, we plan to continue to focus on operating efficiencies for overall execution. Additionally, we have an exceptional new product pipeline that I expect to drive continued growth and market expansion. Now, let me turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Moshe Gavrielov: Totally different. Chris, this is Moshe. It's totally different. Last year if you remember and it's sort of amazing when you think back the semiconductor industry was dead and being buried at the end of Q1 and as a result all of the foundries were shutting down. All of the infrastructure for the foundry business was shutting down and then it turned snapped back in the most amazing way and there was some major issues as the foundries had been closed to reopen them and to bring capacity back online. And, we got impacted by that. I believe it was the second quarter or the second calendar quarter in a big way. A lot of other players got impacted by that actually later in the year. What is happening now is just incredibly robust environment where the foundries are operating at their peak capacity and they're scrambling to bring up additional capacity in particular in advanced process nodes. So, I wouldn't say it's the same. For us, it hit us for one quarter, June quarter of 2009 and once it snapped back and the capacity came online. As Jon pointed out we've now going into we are in our second quarter and we're going to the third quarter of challenges in terms of expanding capacity. But it's a different problem. And it's predominantly at the most advanced process nodes but not restricted to them.
Moshe Gavrielov: I couldn't call that missed revenues. I think you misconstrued what Jon said. Some of the customers are building inventory. If we had additional product we could help them short-term. If not, these products are typically sole sourced. So, as long as they continue to build and sell their equipment. And keep in mind that we're in an infrastructure play as opposed to consumer play, so the upgrades do happen, then we do get that business. And it will hopefully build up and that's why we're scrambling to get it to those customers as soon as we can.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well. Software is a lot of things. So when you look at the implementation software which is necessary in order to design the FPGA in of itself, you do need additional capabilities because you now have a very applicable high performance ARM core and you want to make that accessible to the customer and so that requires an expansion which is targeted at the embedded hardware that we have. When you go beyond that then there are layers of software which get closer and closer to the target applications. Those by and large are not provided by us, they are available through the extensive ARM ecosystem which is unparalleled in terms of the support it has for a broad set of applications. So, yes. There are demands but they are serviced in some cases by us in other cases by the ecosystem and of course ARM does provide quite a bit of that too.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well. So the wired side, a lot of wired side is related to network infrastructure associated with Internet and that particular part of the bandwidth pipe. So that strength has been happening particularly as IT departments and companies are starting to buy more equipment. So we're obviously very active in routers and in data switches and things like that. So, that business has come back very sharply for us over the last couple of quarters and we think that's going to continue.
Moshe Gavrielov: Yeah. So our new products are generally based on when the product was introduced into the market and they tend to be obviously then as a result our highest technology. So 40, 45-nanometer products, 65-nanometer products and then the very tail end of 90-nanometer and we every two years or so we realign those obviously as the generations move forward. We anticipate the new products to continue to grow throughout the fiscal year in the way things look right now, quite strongly and then sequential quarter growth every quarter throughout the year. The mainstream and base products are by definition then are older and oldest generation and they tend to have a different kind of profile. So the base being the oldest of them generally declines quarter-after-quarter-after-quarter. And the mainstream declines a little less quarter-after-quarter and that's depending on how older designs, the long tail FPLD designs what the pattern is for replacements out in the market or not. So if you were drawing a set of lines, you'd say new products, very positive slope and up to the right, mainstream, generally a gentle slope down to the left. And then base products, a more sharp decline down to the right – sorry, both down to the right.
Moshe Gavrielov: There are lots of them. There's a whole host of industrial applications where the – there used to be some traditional ASSP solutions which – and now they're at the end of the life and there's no roadmap for them, so we're actually seeing a lot of those devices in military, even another example, where that device it could have been a dedicated microcontroller is now being implemented inside in FPGA. So this is pervasive. It's not limited to automotive. Automotive may be one interesting application, but this does happen across the board pretty broadly and it's driven by the fact that at new process nodes it becomes prohibitively expensive to design and ASSP. So – and so of these ASSPs were designed at 130-nanometers, for example, and the companies that design them can't afford to take them forward to new aggressive nodes and the customers are stuck and you can implement those 130 and even 90-nanometer ASSPs sometimes quite cost effectively in advanced state-of-the-art FPGAs and that is what is happening on a broad basis.
Jon Olson: Let me take that one, Tim. So generally it's been Virtex-5, although there has been some tightness also in our Virtex-4 family as well. So, even at 90-nanometer technologies, we've had some tightness with the foundries, and as you know, they juggle their tools around to do different things and maximize output. But they're just generally at the most advanced technologies seem to be the tightest. But it has been largely Virtex-5 related products. Now, the degree of the impact from this last quarter, we haven't really specifically put a dollar amount on it. It's in the neighborhood of a couple of percentage points, so it's 2 percentage points, in the neighborhood of 10, $11 million. It's in that range and we do anticipate that this tightness continuing throughout this quarter and it's quite possible we would leave the quarter even with a greater level of delinquency than that. It kind of depends on the mix. When you're really tight and you sucked up the lion's share of your safety stock which we have in certain devices on Virtex-5 it is actually really dependent on what orders come in and what device so-to-speak. So we do expect that by the time we get into the September quarter, we're going to get some relief and hopefully that will not have delinquencies. But again, it's too early to tell because it really is dependent on how strong demand is overall throughout the summer.
Jon Olson: Well, I mean, we do build product at two foundries and that's actually been one of the advantages of our two foundry strategy. We have been able to get a little more out of one versus the other, but quite frankly they're both very tight.
Jon Olson: Yes, sure, Adam. Yes. Gross margin, we're actually been very pleased with the improvement of gross margin throughout the year and all our efforts getting up to the 65% level or 64.9 this quarter and then forecasting 65 for the next quarter. And I would anticipate us to be in that 65% range for a few quarters, again, plus or minus the point. And it really is because generally the new technologies are a drag on our margins, but we've been able to increase yields, lower costs in other areas to offset that as we go through this period of ramping yields on 40 and 45-nanometers. So I'm actually feeling pretty good that we can keep things stabilized at what was the high end of our range is now the midpoint of our new forecasted range for a business model for the company. And kind of, work through these yield improvements and then as we get to the end of the year and the next year hopefully they'll tail up some more. So I think we've done a really nice job. If you go back on our history and look at 90-nanometer and 130, you'd see a pretty marked drop in gross margin for us when we introduce new technologies, and we're doing a much better job with our own design and yields, and work with our foundry partners to not make that impact our margins so predominantly.
Jon Olson: Yeah. Sure. First off, we believe we're getting more capacity, more capacity allocated to us as we work through this quarter for out into the – I mean, wafers out into the September quarter. So, we're getting more wafers out, number one. And, second off we are working through a lot of yield improvements which give you more die per wafer therefore we think we're going to end up with more absolute die as a result. Our inventory dollars we're not worried about inventory dollars, the inventory dollars have been flat, we would like to actually have this go up. Days have been coming down some and we think they will stabilize in the 70s – in the mid to high 70s which is lower than we would like to run the company at. So, even if we were able to add some dollars we are still well behind on broadly filling our safety stock. So, it's not like we're over soaking things in my mind.
Jon Olson: Yes. It really is, it's purely capacity. We do believe that there is strength throughout the June quarter and into the summer particularly in all the wireless business that we see, so we are planning on really a strong June from the wireless area. Particularly because of the China, beginning of the China ramp so that's quite significant for us. So we do think orders have stayed strong for a while but after – as we go into September, it becomes less clear what's going to happen.
Jon Olson: For us, it's net wafer supply is going up. I can't really speak to how our foundries are allocating among their customers. But I think that more wafer capacity starts to come online towards the end the second half of the calendar year. And that's where we're getting – able to get commitments for relief on some of our issues that we have are short-term right now.
Jon Olson: Yes. On the pricing front, we're not seeing any substantial increases in wafer across the board, but quite frankly, we're not seeing the decreases that we have planned on in our long-term road maps and have typically been able to negotiate. So it's fairly clear the foundries are trying to bolster prices to some degree but we're not getting increases.
Jon Olson: Typically not. And the reason Glen, is that, first off, a lot of our revenue is done by our top 10, top 15, top 20 customers and they generally have volume price agreements that are negotiated anywhere from quarterly to annually. And so a fair amount of our pricing is locked in and so you don't typically have opportunities to pass those on until the renegotiation time and of course, we'll do everything we can at that point to make sure we can maintain our margins. And the second point is business is generally quoted far enough in advance, more broadly that it is difficult to come in after the fact, after you've made a quote and raise it. So as new quotes are coming along, we certainly are mindful of what's going on in the environment and doing our best to hold prices up. But in terms of a radical change that you’d see in the P&L, just because we're trying to pass on, quote a surcharge, all our airlines [ph] becomes immediate that doesn't happen in our business model.
Jon Olson: This is a question I know, because every semiconductor company has been asked, are people building inventory in excess of their needs and what's your profile and etcetera. And quite frankly, from the Xilinx perspective, our growth has come from new products, which generally means new designs, etcetera. We've done a lot of work with our customers to try to understand whether they're really selling through and – or whether they're buffering inventory. And by and large, the response is coming, they're not buffering inventory and sell-through is good. However, we do know of certain customers, even large customers that we believe are buffering some inventory and are ordering farther in advance and they don't seem – as we've had some difficulty with lead times, they don't seem to be complaining broadly that theirs lines down or whatever. So even though we can't find the data and anybody admitting to us that inventory is being built maybe in excess of their needs, it sure feels like some of what's going on is that. But on the other hand, we're selling a lot of new products and we're pretty confidence those are being sold through.
Jon Olson: So let me get the first part of that question. So while we are constrained, we don't think we're losing any customers or designs as a result of these short-term constraints. So I don't think that this situation that we have on these selected products has any bearing in the pure, does somebody get more share, win share or lose share. So of I don't think that really has anything. If we had a prolonged situation that might cause customers to redesign but it's pretty costly to redesign when you are in these very sticky, complex SoC situations. And by and large, there is a lot of other semiconductor companies scrambling to make to provide product to some of our same customers. And I don't believe we're on the top of the constraint list quite frankly for most of our large customers. And then with respect to the foundry differences and CapEx expanding and capacity as to any sort of market share shift one way or the other, I don't think that has any bearing on the situation at all. I think if you look at the seasonality, it's typical that Altera has outgrown us in the front end of the year and then we outgrow in the back end of the year. So I don't see any huge share shifts going on this year.
Jon Olson: Yeah. So, since we're not really forecasting what the overall profile in September is. September, the September quarter has typically been a slower quarter for us as generally particularly wireline but generally communications, customers are off a lot in the summer and Europe is paused and whatever. So, I want to be hesitant to say that gee, we're going to roll over 15, 20 or some amount and that's going to be additive to some run rate. I don't really want you – I don’t want you to walk away with that statement. But, I do think what I'm trying to indicate is this 10 to maybe $15 million we left this quarter we could have shipped. It's going to be that much and a little bit more than that potentially. It could just be that much. I doubt that we'll be fully caught up.
Jon Olson: The biggest is going to be wireless. So we had a very strong wireless business this last quarter driven primarily out of our European customers, you could see that in our European revenue split. And then as we move into June, it's the wireless business we think is even going to increase more and that's going to be driven both out of the European customer base that's serving the world as well as the China 3G phase IV business which is starting to ramp and those customers are starting to take product in a big way basically this quarter.
Jon Olson: Yes. So we did. We certainly have, we did talk about this a little bit earlier. And it's really hard to have short-term pricing in fact to show up on the P&L immediately. But we're aware of the environment and our supply chain and what's going on there and while, we don't want to lose business out there. We certainly are going to do everything we can to get the most value out of our products and if that means raising some prices then we'll do that.
Jon Olson: Yeah, sure, Jim. The backlog situation, we're definitely seeing products being booked out farther, so out farther within the current quarter and also more into the following quarter. And I think that's really more of a function of lead time increases on selected parts than anything else. Our overall backlog going into the quarter was up 20% over the backlog going into the previous quarter, so quite substantially. But a lot of that was our leading product families as the constraints are becoming clearer to people and they're ordering out to make sure they get supply. So I don’t – I view this as kind of a fleeting thing that when lead times start to move back in, that the backlog will return to normal patterns for us by and large. If the second question was around our Asia communications customers and the second half of the calendar year. I really don't have much visibility on that. I know that they're going – they certainly are telling us they're going to ramp very strong this summer relative to phase four business. But beyond that, we have pretty limited visibility as to whether this is going to continue or not.
Jon Olson: It's pretty hard to do the latter because it is part of what we're doing. I mean we forecasted 182 for OpEx for next quarter and I think you can see that as reasonable number for the next several quarter going forward. There would be some – there could be some adjustments relative to – if we have sharper spikes in revenue up or down or profitability up or down that deals with those variable expenses but I think if you're trying to draw some sort of a line for us, pretty flat this year.
Jon Olson: No, there is a little – there is a beginning of the tape-outs for the next generation in the back half of our fiscal year, more likely the fourth quarter of fiscal year and there's some leftovers going on right now in this quarter and then in the next two quarters there are a few other things going on to help offset that. That's why it ends up being relatively flat.
Jon Olson: I don't think I can draw any specifics around that at all. It's really different by different end market, whether certain sub-segments within those end markets are really well-populated or not, with inventory. So, I would say we know – I know of a communications customer or two that sounds like they're buffering inventory. I see some industrial customers that are doing that. So, you know, it's really kind of spread around.
Jon Olson: So we're not segregating out individual technologies within our new products to talk about that. But the tightness, we've been tight probably for four or five months but because demand has been slow growth for Virtex-5, which is where the primary issues are, that's where we're experiencing the tightness. It got to be a bigger issue for us because the ordering patterns were so strong for V-5.
Jon Olson: Yes. So, automotive has been really strong in the last couple of quarters, the last three quarters, actually, and some of that was the snapback from just the auto industry going up, but then, as things picked up it kept getting progressively stronger. Some of that is just a more healthy auto industry but some of that is also us taking more share within the automobile, inside the car from alternative sources. Again, this is a great example of ASSPs being supplanted by PLDs and some of the designs that we've been talking about over the last year or so are now starting to kick in and we're starting to see the beginning of more penetration in addition to more just autos being sold.
Jon Olson: Now the decline aspect is mostly just a little bit of a leveling off and a slight decline, not a significant decline.
Jon Olson: Well, certainly the yield improvements as we go through the next couple of quarters have pretty sharp yield improvement that does help. But also as we get into the back half of the year, in addition to consumer growing, aerospace and defense also typically grows for us. And that's a good offset. So, the end market mix, we’re not necessarily believing that's going to have a huge impact on us. The headwinds on next quarter quite frankly are the fact that we have a lot of V-6 that we're starting to ramp up and it's being sold into wireless, which is one of our – of all of our end markets, maybe the most challenging on pricing and margin, but at the same time we have a number of cost reduction efforts that have been kicking in and helping give us an offset. So, the forecast is 65 plus or minus a point, so it could be down a point, could be up a point, it's really dependent on how all the factors I just talked about turn out.
Jon Olson: Yes. Certainly 65-nanometer, we're continuing to focus on improving yields there because the leverage for us is so significant both for parts and units and margin there. And the other 40-nanometer process while we are the lead customer for UMC on that process, we are on our road map for yields in that product family generation. So, we aren't, we've not deviated from our road map.
Jon Olson: Yeah. Sure. Our net cash is at $1.3 billion which is higher than we – than our target; we would like to be below $1 billion. Buying the debt back at the current price is not a good MPV situation for us at all because of some of the tax advantages we get out of that that particular instrument that we did. So, we did raise our dividend in this past year a couple of quarters ago. We're continued to buy back shares in this last quarter $125 million worth. So, we are committed to both increasing dividends on a go-forward basis and taking any other cash above our targets, cash targets and doing buy – share repurchase with that.
Jon Olson: Any specific customer that doesn't get their parts in week, in the last week or the second to last week of the quarter will get it two weeks later, and it's a series of events that create these delinquencies over time. It isn't like the same customer won't get everything that they want at the end of this quarter and at the end of next quarter. It's not necessarily – doesn't work that way. We have so many customers and such a broad focus and we are responding with getting more parts out to meet the customers' orders. So it could be different part packages for different customers that could be short at the end of one quarter versus another quarter.Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. All right. I get it. Thank you.
Jon Olson: So, the back half of the year is strictly our fourth quarter of our fiscal year is definitely impacted by 28-nanometer tape-outs, so the ramp for the next generation begins. So that's what – that’s one of the things that's impacting it. But we do – we're holding the line on our resourcing level, and with that putting out more products including the follow-on announcement that will come from our ARM relationships. So we are I think doing a good job of not growing R&D dollars, while being able to address additional markets in addition to the traditional PLD segment.
Jon Olson: Now the defense – no, it's not supply. Generally, that’s not supply constrained. Defense decline does explain the drop in our industrial and other category. The other sub-segments were flat to up. So, it really is just the defense and there is a seasonal pattern to defense that we've had pretty pronounced over the last five years as we've grown our defense business substantially. And it’s typified by a weaker March and June and stronger September and December, which September quarters and December quarters bracket the beginning of the government’s fiscal year where the purchasing – lots of the purchasing activities tend to happen.
Jon Olson: Well. You can look at examples in the high end of the consumer world where we're seeing the next generation of a lot of the displays. You know, that is something where I think we will expand our reach and it continues, we had some in past generations but it I believe becomes a lot more attractive when you have something like our 45-nanometer, Spartan-6 product and if you, that's sort of at the most cost sensitive side of our business. If you go at the high end of our business actually in the military space, you can address a whole host of new applications where they're actually significant volumes of these products and those in the past were not accessible to us and in the distant past used to be served just by ASIC. So, it really raises the water line for across the board in terms of applications we can service.David Wong – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thanks.
Jon Olson: Motor control and industrial would be one, solid state storage device controllers, there is examples of where people have typically used ASSPs in order to perform those functions. Now, needing custom algorithms to improve energy consumption and motor control, for example, et cetera, are using FPGAs for that, not ASSPs.
