Moshe N. Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. While there continues to be uncertainty in the current economic environment, I'm very pleased with the sales increase of 4% in the June quarter. This growth was driven by double-digit increases in half of our secondary end markets. New product sales were exceptional during the quarter, increasing more than 30% sequentially. This growth was driven by across-the-board strength from both our 28-nanometer and 40-nanometer, 45-nanometer product families indicating widespread customer adoption in all application segments. Particular sales from our 28-nanometer product family grew significantly in the June quarter exceeding our $10 million milestone. There is no question that we are realizing the advantages of our highly differentiated breakout portfolio that includes not only FPGAs, but also our pioneering all programmable 3D ICs and SoCs. The growth in June was driven by significant increases in revenue shipments of Virtex-7 and Kintex-7 FPGAs, Virtex-7 3D ICs and Zynq SoC products. Our 28-nanometer product family rollout continues at an accelerated pace. Not only did we achieve a significant revenue milestone for the family through the announcement of the first shipments of our Artix-7 family FPGAs, we are now shipping members of the entire 28-nanometer family. The Artix-7 devices extend the reach of 28-nanometer FPGA technology to applications requiring low power, low-cost programmable devices with the highest performance in the industry by far for this category of device implemented in a small form factor. Artix-7 devices are securing design wins in a large number of applications, including portable, medical, handheld radio, small cellular base stations. This past quarter, we also began shipping for revenue the Virtex-7 H580T FPGA. This is the industry's first 3D heterogeneous all programmable product. Virtex-7 HT devices use our stacked silicon interconnect technology to deliver the industry's highest bandwidth programmable devices, featuring up to 16 28-gigabit per second transceivers and 72 13.1-gigabit per second transceivers, making them the only single-chip solutions for addressing key 100-gig and 400-gig line card applications and functions. With the April announcement of our Vivado Design Suite, we now have all 4 key elements of about 28-nanometer portfolio in the market. All programmable FPGAs, SoCs and 3D ICs coupled with the next-generation design environment enable these next generation devices. The customer acceptance of Vivado has been outstanding, with more than 200 beta customers designing with this new software suite, which provides up to a 4x productivity advantage and an improvement of 15% in terms of quality of results over previous generation development environments. 28-nanometer design win momentum continues at an unprecedented pace. We continue to see customers move away from ASICs through programmable imperative accelerated this node. The same time, we're integrating and displacing evermore ASSPs, as mid-tiered vendors struggle to fund and deliver on their next-generation devices, while our 28-nanometer portfolio is enabling a whole totally new level of programmable systems integration coupled with game changing price-performance per watt parameters. Additionally, with our breakout 3D Virtex-7 ICs and our Zynq-7000 SoC products, we're penetrating markets and applications that traditionally were not served by FPGAs, and there is no PLD competition there yet. We have demonstrated indisputable leadership with our 28-nanometer portfolio. We have now shipped parts from all 5 of the 28-nanometer product families to hundreds of customers further demonstrating the very broad acceptance of the family. Having achieved the $10 million sales milestone in the June quarter, with sales expected to exceed $20 million in the September quarter, I'm confident that this 28-nanometer node will, by a very significant margin, be our most successful node ever. Despite some near-term concern in the macroeconomic environment, our clear 28-nanometer leadership puts us in a phenomenal competitive position that will enable continued share gains, against both ASICs, ASSPs and traditional PLD competitors. Let me now turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: And we're confident that the strong position on 28-nanometer is what will drive that growth, hence the ongoing investment to make sure that we don't compromise that.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Yes, why don't I take that? So definitely, 20-nanometer is going to be more difficult than 28 and similarly 28 was technically more challenging and more expensive on a per device basis than the 40-nanometer. And the way we are addressing it is we are being ever more diligent in making sure that the return on our engineering investment is there to support the level of investment. So generally speaking, I think that it should more or less remain at the same level, but we will be more careful with regards to tape-outs and we'll make sure that everyone counts as they become more expensive and more difficult and the design investment, it's incumbent upon us to make sure that the returns are there to support it. So generally speaking, our product planning is more meticulous at the 20-nanometer node than it has been at the 28-nanometer node and similarly at the 28-nanometer node was a lot more disciplined than it was of the previous node. It's one of the reasons that we believe we have actually hit the ball out of the park on the 28. The products were designed very well, and they're more or less getting that response from the customers. They're getting the right level of performance and power for each of the target markets, and we just need to be more diligent because you can't, if the design costs go up 2x or the market costs go up 2x, then you definitely can't afford to have the same number of tape-outs and hence we are being more careful and more meticulous about the planning process.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So that's a good observation, one doesn't preclude the other. We just need to be -- to the extent that we're targeting or replacing ASICs and ASSPs, which is happening en masse basically. Clearly, much faster on the ASIC front than on the ASSP front, but its happening on both of those areas. You just need to make sure that the devices you do come out with are targeted to compete effectively and have the right performance and power and set of features that the customers need. So it's incumbent upon us to do that. Having said all of that, you need to realize that these same parameters apply to the ASSP and the very, very, very few companies that are still pursuing ASICs and typically only for extremely high volume consumer-type application. And their design costs are going up, so they can't continue to blanket the earth and start designs willy nilly, and they're not. And what we're seeing is an ongoing accelerated transition where less and less companies are pursuing those angles on the ASICs front and on the ASSP front to be very well documented that the companies that are moving forward, are moving forward very aggressively, and we are one of those who strive to be at the leading edge, but more and more are holding back and saying, "Well, we'll design at the new nodes 2 to 5 years from now because we can't afford it anymore, and at that point in time the market costs will go down and the yields will be at their peak, et cetera, and we'll be able to make the financials work." But at that point in time, we will, if we continue to move forward, we'll have a big advantage versus those companies that are holding back and that is part of the programmable imperative and it continues at least at this point basically unimpaired and full steam ahead.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, we projected some time ago that when we'd hit $10 million this quarter, and we're delighted to have done that, and that's in line with our plans. For several quarters, we expected this to be a $10 million quarter. And similarly, we're looking at the $20 million mark and for the quarter we are in, the September quarter and as Jon alluded to, we expect growth, and it could be significant growth through the rest of our fiscal year because this is a rocket ship, and it's one of those things which when it takes off, given the nature of our business, it doesn't turn on immediately, it starts layering. And we're seeing an acceleration, which is the fastest we've seen, which we strongly believe is a function of the technology position we have and the breadth and depth of our product offering, plus the very significant advantage this gives over the previous generation of product in terms of much lower power and much higher level of -- much higher density or gate count. So fundamentally, the product offering is very strong. We're seeing that translate into design wins. Now design wins, those are very big numbers, they're in the billions of dollars at this point, but what really matters is revenue and that's the number we're fixated on, and that's the number that really matters. And we feel very comfortable in our fab partner, TSMC, at 28-nanometer being able to cover for us, and you need to keep in mind that these are great numbers for us, but these are still small numbers in terms of wafer volume for a large fab like TSMC. So they have the capacity to address this, and we do not see any issues either this year or to be honest next year in terms of meeting our demands.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. So no, we have 5 general product families and 2 of the 5 are unique, and they are product families that we pioneered, and we believe we have huge as in a year or more and potentially could be significantly more lead over the competition. Those 2 product families are SSIT, the 3D stacked silicon; and the Zynq product line. The Zynq product line is still, in terms of number of units shipped, it's quite significant, but it's a small ASP. The stacked silicon tends to be a smaller number of units, but it's quite significant for devices of that complexity, and it is a significant part of the revenue that we have shipped. In addition, when you look at the 3 other product families which are the mainstream ones, which is the mainstream Virtex-7. That is basically doing extremely well, is ahead of plan and given that it has a significant power advantage over the competing products, plus we actually have higher overall bandwidth going in and out of those devices. We're seeing a tremendous level of design wins, which is starting to translate to revenues. But that's not yet huge as part of the $10 million number. So the largest components of the number are the SSIT and actually the Kintex product offering. But very shortly, we expect the Virtex to translate into a significant number and actually if you look at the overall Virtex family it will be the majority of the revenue at the node will be the Virtex and the SSIT, which is the high end of the Virtex. And then the Zynq is sort of an expansion play, which is on schedule and we already have in our mind a year at a minimum of lead over the competition and that is starting to move into volume production in the foreseeable future. So it will be a major part of our revenue coming soon, but it will be less than either Virtex or Kintex as a stand-alone. Artix, we have sampled the product and that tends to be the low end so in terms of the overall percentage of the revenue that will likely be the smallest of the --
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, China's been a focus area for us, and it clearly was a smaller business for us than it was for our primary competitor, and I think part of that was due to a geographic focus and part of it was due to product focus. And I have no doubt that the Chinese companies and the 2 biggest ones are very well known are going to do very well in the communications business, and we feel that we have by far, the best product offering which addresses their requirements. So we don't know who the winners are going to be, but in terms of percentage of business for us in China, it should be much higher than it has been in the past and that will be driven by 28-nanometer. And it's already manifesting itself in terms of design wins and actually significant parts of the $10 million was shipped into China. So best we can tell that's going in the right direction for us.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So what is becoming clearer is that they are going to be heterogeneous networks, which have a mix of macro cells and small cells and when we talk to our key customers in this area, we're hearing more and more that they expect that to be the norm, and it isn't going to be one replacing the other, but both of those will need to coexist, and they expect their end customers to deploy networks, which has a mix of those. And so as such, we are continuing to see a big investment in wireless base station infrastructure buildup which uses FPGAs. In those cases we actually see that the FPGA is becoming a larger portion of the bill of materials as our customers painstakingly point out to us every time there's a negotiation. And so generally speaking, we're addressing what is a larger market. Portions of it will definitely be addressed by small cells and those might be either done as ASICs or there's a whole host of ASSP companies that are probably overpopulating that arena and hoping that it will grow at a large rate. We expect those to coexist and we actually play in some of those markets with our products, but it's not in the high-volume consumerish places. It's in -- for a larger number of users that's where FPGAs are used to implement that. So this announcement on the death of macro cells is, and I'm paraphrasing, very premature at this point in time and everything we hear from our customers implies that they're going to be deploying massive amounts of macro cells in the future, both short, medium and long term, and it's not a one technology obviates the need for the other, they both will coexist.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So you're right in highlighting that emulation is a driver, but it's not the only driver and so if you look at who would use stacked silicon, you need to look at the -- what it provides customers and basically provides the customers with higher capacity and higher bandwidth than they can achieve any other way. And to some extent, it generates a market in of itself because the only other way to achieve this would be to design a hideously expensive ASIC and in some cases, even if they went to the most advanced process node then they would need to design for these to achieve these high frequencies, which is in of itself a very significant challenge. So clearly, the people who use it first are ASIC prototyping, but actually then it moves into other areas, which are wired communications, test and measurement and actually A&D, and it's all in the high end of those markets. So this is not a one quarter wonder and then the whole thing goes away. It does not really go away until there's an alternative, which if you use traditional forms at the very earliest, is available at the next process node, and it's available at the next process node only when the largest chips are available at the next process node, which typically take some time to get there. So you can count on this having a significant vibrant life and emulation are the early swallows, but then full-fledged spring starts with all of the other applications that use it, and it should have a 3-year life cycle just driven by the fact there is no other alternative. And as such we are very pleased with the opportunities it opens us.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, I'd say from a peak perspective Ian, this is Jon, I think from a peak perspective, wired is a little bit below the peak and ISM is a little bit below the peak. I think those are a couple that are, I would say, marginally softer, but slightly softer. And then the computing aspect of things has been down a little bit from its peak, but generally others have been up. I'd say so wired and wireless down a little bit, I didn't mention wireless, wireless has been down a little bit because obviously there was some bigger build-up when both China and U.S. we're going at the same time. So it comes down a little bit and then pure industrial down a little bit. And did you have a second part of that question, Ian, I'm sorry, I missed that.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. I may make some general comments about our posture and positioning here. And I think from an economic perspective, we really are seeing -- we aren't seeing anything really negative out in the market. I mean, orders have slowed, but yet cancellations and push outs have not increased. And my view here is there isn't any -- there is not significant build up of inventory in the overall in any of our end markets, with some exceptions in the communications segment. There are a couple of customers that I think have been procuring inventory a little bit ahead, and they're going to work through that in the next quarter or 2. I think that's the only place where we see anything. And that really isn't across the board, that's just at a couple of selected customers.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, it's wireline, primarily. Sometimes it's hard to tell because we do ship to some customers that have both wireless and wireline, but it is a little bit more wireline than it is wired.
Jon A. Olson: I think it's completed, and I think everyone's being really cautious about ordering. I wanted to emphasize our -- the fact that our lead times are in great shape on a relative basis so there -- my belief is that people are being a lot more cautious about stocking inventory, and they know they can get it in a relatively short amount of time. So if I go back to look at some of the other cycles we've gone into, we've seen push outs and cancellations increase ahead of the revenue drop, and we really aren't seeing that. So I think it's possible we've been cautious on our guidance for the coming quarter, but I do think we're going to be going through -- living through periods of up and down here as people make a decision on whether the economy is slowing down or not. Yet we still see CapEx spending very strong in the wireless area and even some wired initiatives going on in China. So it doesn't feel unhealthy to me. It's just feels like a lot of caution.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so total OpEx I believe will still be lower in the second half of our fiscal year than in the first half of the fiscal year. That being said, I think OpEx will move up a little bit from the $220 million in the December quarter, but then decline in December. So we're going to have a little more flat, instead of having a more pronounced peak like peak, it's going to be a little more flat than a decline.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, well, we aren't making any specific forecasts for this year, Chris, on 28-nanometer, but we do expect every quarter to increase on a going forward basis throughout the rest of this fiscal year. We're seeing very strong uptake from our customers even for samples, which is an extremely positive view relative to history on 28-nanometer. So we would expect increase. I know we're forecasting going from exceeding $10 million to exceeding $20 million and on a percentage basis, that's pretty good. I doubt that, that percentage increase will continue, but I do expect significant growth on a quarter-by-quarter basis for the rest of the year. And our 40 and 45, the whole new product, the new product category now is defined by being 28-nanometer and 40, 45 technology solely. So there's nothing else in there. So we grew overall new products over 30%, so 31%. And so I think you can probably do the math since we gave you the 28-nanometer number, you can figure it out pretty well.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so there's no question that we are spending ahead of the revenue growth level at this point in time and that's really primarily to leverage our leadership at 28-nanometer to make sure we get everything out as fast as we probably can and that speed and then the expense of the technology are driving that. And we've talked about in our long term revenue growth model of 8% to 12% growth. I mean, we need -- in order to get ourselves into model, we do need to grow at least at the 8% growth, and certainly the midpoint of that 8% to 10%, 5-year CAGR would put us in a position where we would comfortably be back in the model in my opinion. So we do need that, the top line growth in order to make that happen and to the extent that it happens, then our model holds, to the extent it doesn't happen, then we'd have to reevaluate, but we're not in that situation of thinking about reevaluation at this time.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, well, this is just the obsolescence of old technologies that after 12 to 14 years, we tell our customers that since volumes are relatively low we're not going to continue to ship small quantities and hold the manufacturing capability in our foundries beyond that, and we'd give them a long notice to say, better to tell us all of the units that you need and then take them, and we give you a last date that you have to actually receive them all. And so, this is basically a 2-year cycle that goes on, so every 2 years, we have this kind of process going on. And in this particular cycle from that technology, yes, we have had some elevation in the normal run rate for those products, which we've characterized as approximately $25 million impact in the September quarter. We will be shipping a very limited number of those products from those technologies on a go-forward basis. So yes, after -- starting in September, we won't be shipping very many of them.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so we're still very bullish about wireless. Our customer's customer serving North America, and we believe that even though if you just look at the CapEx spending between Verizon, AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile, at least Verizon and AT&T on a year-over-year basis, you said, while the CapEx spending really isn't going up that much why would Xilinx improve? Well, if you look inside of where they're spending their CapEx, they aren't spending on wired. They're spending more of it on wireless this year than they did last year. And so we're benefiting from their increased focus on 4G rollout in the U.S. And Sprint continues to be deploying as well and then T-Mobile in the second half of this year starts to kick in, in North America. So we are -- even though many of those units are shipped at different geographies for build and then shipped back into North America, we are still very positive on the rest of this year's impact with respect to our business.
Jon A. Olson: Okay, so back on the comment on infrastructure business and particularly in North America that wire -- actually, wireline is a little softer. It will go down in the September quarter we believe and is wireless and that is the biggest issue positive issue for us. Wireline overall is, I'd say, stable in most places, down a little bit in North America and then down a little bit in Asia-Pacific. So it is kind of a mixed bag for us, it's a net down. But wireless, while wireless is -- went up quite a bit in the June quarter, a very healthy double-digit percentage, we think we'll be able to kind of hold that level, if you will, and there are these additional things that are happening with other carriers that we believe is going to give us some strength. So I know it's a little confusing because it's up some places, down some places, but we think we're in a really good position in this cycle with both, 65-, 40- and 28-nanometer technologies across the board winning designs at the key suppliers supporting LTE technology. Then your ordering pattern question. Yes, I know, there's all these things written in the paper, there's been a couple of companies that have come out and say things are softer in industrial, and they might miss their numbers and those kinds of things, and I respect that and that's why I think we've had a relatively cautious forecast, meaning down because we do think some things in industrial are going to be much more challenging. The data points that we look at are the rate of cancellations and push outs, the rate of orders, particularly when you're talking about industrial, how it shapes up from our distribution channel and what their forecasts are and what they're seeing, and we look at that by geography so we get a sense as to whether it's one geography or broad-based, a broad-based scenario. And it's entirely possible that we aren't seeing it yet and it's yet to come, but I also don't -- we talk to customers, we aren't getting the feeling that they're canceling their orders. And our backlog's down some, it's not down gigantic amount. So there's a lot there that could push out and cancel if they wanted too. So we look at all those data points, we review all that weekly, and we've taken our best shot of what we think the quarter is even though I know there's all this macro uncertainty that you read about. And I try not to read the papers too much because it can get you depressed and try to use the data to guide the business. Then the third question's around node...
Jon A. Olson: Yes, I don't think there's any impact on any pull-ins to any large degree. We did call out, there was a couple of customers that built -- that has some inventory issues that we believe they built ahead. But on a broad-base, there really wasn't an exacerbated calendar Q1 or calendar Q2 impact from any of that. We were participating in a recovery in the March quarter in a very large way as customers very broadly across all of our end markets replenished their inventory, and I think we've had more, say, typical growth out of an inventory cycle. I'd say it's very typical for us that you'd have to ask a competitor about their particular profile and issues.
Jon A. Olson: Nor do we have any deals, any relationship that forces us to take a certain amount of wafers out. You made some comment that I didn't really -- maybe I had misinterpreted, but that's not how our relationship works where we're required to take it. So I wasn't 100% sure where you were going. First it was sold out. You said it was sold out, implying that we didn't -- we couldn't get capacity. Well, we have what we need to meet our revenue needs, and I guess that's all I'll say about it.
Jon A. Olson: Let me try that. So quarterly share is really dependent on customer mix and things like that relative to us versus our competitor, and so when I did the Analyst Day, as you may recall I talked about the fact that in calendar year '11, we had 35% share at that node, and we felt on a run-rate basis over the next several years it was going to move up to 50%. Last quarter, I'll say the March quarter, make sure we're in the right quarter, March quarter we estimated to be in the low to mid-40% because we shipped quite a bit, our competitor didn't ship as much. This quarter, I don't know what this quarter is going to be, but we had very significant growth, as we said, we had over 30% growth of new products and the overweighting dollar value of our new products happen to be in 40-, 45-nanometer because we're still very fresh with the 28-nanometer, $10 million or so. And so we had a very, very strong growth of 40-, 45-nanometer so we're very happy with where we are in terms of these key designs that are moving into production and starting to take volume. And I think because we've modified our new products to be only 2 technologies now, it's going to be easier for you guys to figure out what the growth numbers are, good, bad or different at any given quarter as we provide that data and information.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, we're actively designing for some concept with FPGAs as a player in certain categories, in certain numbers of users of the cells -- of small cells, which if you get more educated, everybody's got their own version of a small, medium and large, but we believe we can participate in the medium-sized and the larger sized small cells if you want to get to be real basic in that. So we do think that we are -- we do believe it's going to grow and that category is going to grow, and we think we have a play in them as well.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, so let me take that one, Jim. Over the next 2 to 3 quarters, I think there's a bigger opportunity for carrier spending first in North America then in Europe and then maybe third in China, and then India would be last. And I know Europe might sound odd, but some of our data points seem to indicate that there is a need to have more CapEx and to start to upgrade the network, which is starting not to keep up in some of the suppliers in particularly they have not even really touched the LTE technology at this point in time and there are carriers that are now making the call to invest even in the face of -- for their biggest macroeconomic uncertainty is, which is in Europe. So if those actually -- if they really go forward with that, I think that will be a very positive thing for us as well. I've talked a lot about North America and how strong it is with all the major carriers here making investments. Even Russia, for example, we believe there's a big play going on in Russia to start to roll LTE and again that's a very positive thing relative to the customers where we are. China seems to be the biggest potential consumer, but not a whole lot of movement going on about when things really happen, and when things are going to take off. And then India, I have no new information on India, just seems to still be uncertain of when it's going to happen.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, there's always an issue. There's always a chance that the fiscal issues could have some impact. But typically, it's more the volume or our revenue is typically projects that are well in flight somewhere and sometimes that can be impacted by the short term freezes and things like that, in other times not. I would still expect a better December in aerospace and defense than in September. That's my expectation, but I have to admit I have not looked at it on a customer-by-customer basis yet. We're saying we're down at September versus June, and I would -- my expectation is that we would be up again in December in that category.
Jon A. Olson: Parsing out pieces of our revenue and not having a way to explain it to you on an equal basis is actually a little dangerous thing for me to do. I don't think I'm going to give non-GAAP information about our end markets that we publish on our filings and things like that by taking certain things out. I will -- I can tell you that, that last time buy has impacted several -- we ship things to several end markets, but industrial, automotive, aerospace and defense and some communications and kind of in that order. Those are the ones that were impacted the most by it. So you might imply from that, that oh, since industrial is going to be kind of flat, not counting aerospace and defense, then gee if you didn't have last time buy maybe it would have been up a little bit. So I'm not trying to be difficult, but I don't really think I want to get into non-GAAP analysis.
Jon A. Olson: It's what you said first, it will be up, it's going to be up a little bit in December quarter and then down in March.
Jon A. Olson: $25 million. Okay, we'll ship $25 million less of that category of inventory in September then we did in June.
Jon A. Olson: Correct. The tail is really, really small. So essentially it's -- that's it. Now we're done with that, with that technology.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, September quarter. As you look back at our history, it's been up a little. So pretty flat and of course the standard deviation is actually pretty broad. We've had some times where we've been down a whole lot and up a whole lot, but if you look at averages over the last 5 years or 10 years, it's really in the neighborhood of kind of a plus or minus 2% range.
Uche X. Orji: Moshe, first of all, congratulations on the progress you've made on 28-nanometers. Can you give me, is it possible for you to provide some color as to the relative strength of this business across the 3 segments you mentioned, the stacked silicon and the high end product content so that I can just kind of get a sense of where the strength is coming from, why is it different across the board.
Uche X. Orji: It does. It does. Let me just ask you a difficult question, part of the strategy to drive growth is to retake share in the 40-nanometer category, and you've grown that over just -- in the quarter that just ended. Any way for us to calibrate your progress and if we have any sense as to where your share was and where you like it'd to catch so that we know how to calibrate that, that would be helpful.
Uche X. Orji: Sure. That's helpful. And just one last question please, if I may. Moshe, can you just provide a bit more insight as to what's going on within China, ZTE, which is one of your customers, preannounced recently I think on Sunday night and that if I think about the various phases of events within China, it's something a little difficult to kind of get a clear view. So any sense as to how you see the China coms business developing and the road you expect to play in that will just be my last question.
