Lisa Su: Sure, Aaron. Thanks for the question. So, for 2022, I mean our current view is that we'll see growth in all of our businesses. We see strong demand for our products as well as we have increased supply capability given what we've done with our partners, so relative to the growth from the different businesses, the growth will be led by server. So, from what we see from customers and design wins and platforms and all that, server will be very strong next year. But we also expect growth from our other businesses, including consoles, including our PC business, our graphics business, and our embedded business. So, we expect the percentage of data center to continue to increase as we go into next year, and we'll give more on that as we go through the year.
Lisa Su: Yeah, absolutely, Matt. Thanks for the question. So, we've been working on the supply chain really for the last four or five quarters knowing the growth that we have from a product standpoint and the visibility that we have from customers. So in regards to your question on 2022 supply environment, we've made significant investments in wafer capacity as well as substrate capacity and back-end capacity. We feel very good about our progress in the supply chain to meet the 2022 guidance, and our goal is, frankly, to have enough supply to satisfy the demand out there. So, our view is we're going to continue to work with our partners and our customers to ensure that we know what they need. And likewise, our capacity investments are for 2022, but also beyond 2022 because as the business grows, we need to continue to forecast and make plans for that, and that's what we've been working on.
Lisa Su: Yes. Well, we're very excited about our 5-nanometer products. I think Zen 4 is very critical. It's a focus for this year for both our server roadmap as well as our client roadmap. And then the work with the Infinity Fabric really is just on top of that and allows us to continue to optimize sort of the AMD CPU and GPU ecosystem together. So, whether on the data center side with our data center GPU products, working with EPYC in high-performance computing or on the PC side, when we have our AMD APUs plus our discrete graphics, plus the software on top. So it is an important -- very important element of our strategy, and it just goes to continuing to differentiate with the overall portfolio as we go into these new platforms.
Lisa Su: Sure, Ross. So, your question about the Computing and Graphics segment. Look, our focus in this segment is to be very closely aligned with our customers and what they're doing in the market. So, we've been monitoring sell-in and sell-out and sell-through trends very carefully. I think the strength that we saw in the fourth quarter was very much a result of sort of the product strength. And we saw very nice notebook demand continuing at the premium part of the market in commercial, gaming, premium ultrathin. So, we believe that the PC performance was a bit above our original guidance, but we believe that was to match end user demand. Going into 2022, again, same story. I think the -- what we see is, 2021 was a strong year for PCs. Overall, the industry shipped approximately 350 million units. I think our view is that 2022 will be roughly flattish from a unit standpoint, but we will see some mix changes in there with enterprise and premium being stronger than, for example, low-end and education. So, from our standpoint, it's revenue share that we believe we can gain. It's the strength of our Ryzen 6000 series that we just launched at CES. We have 200 platforms from all of the OEM customers. And we have pretty good visibility in working with our customers on that. So -- and I think we feel good about it. And again, the client business is one of all of our businesses will grow. And I like that diversity, frankly, in the portfolio, but we feel good about the progress we've made in PCs, and we'll continue to ensure that we're matching sell in with sell out so that there is not inventory build in the business.
Lisa Su: Yes. Well, I would say the way to think about pricing is the industry has seen some price increases across the supply chain. And that's as to be expected given the amount of capacity that we're all putting on to satisfy the strong demand. So we're always in this for the long-term and working with our supply chain partners as well as our customers to ensure that we find a way to kind of share the additional costs. But our focus is on ensuring that we have the supply to meet the high demand. And I think what you're seeing is growth in the model from the standpoint that we've always kind of said we're underrepresented in the business. When you look even today with all of our growth, we're still underrepresented in the business, whether you're talking about the server business or the PC business. And so we believe that our product strength and our customer engagements are such that we can grow significantly in this environment.
Lisa Su: Yes, Vivek. So look, we always expect the competitive environment to be very strong and very aggressive. And that's the way we plan our business. That being the case, I think we're very happy with the growth that we've seen in the business sort of last year. And as we look forward, we see opportunities in both cloud and enterprise. On the cloud side, we're in 10 of the largest hyperscalers in the world are using AMD. As they get familiar with us over multiple generations, they're expanding the workloads that they're using AMD on. So we see that across internal and external workloads. In the Enterprise segment, we doubled year-over-year here in 2021. We continue to add more field support to have more people get familiar with our architecture. We have very strong OEM relationships. So I feel very good about our server trajectory. And yes, it's very competitive out there. But we think the data center business is a secular growth business. And within that, we can grow significantly faster than the market.
Lisa Su: Yeah. I think, Vivek, the most important thing that we are working on with our customers is really consistent execution. And so when you look at the last year and some of the supply-demand imbalance, it has actually caused us to work much, much more closely with our customers. I think we have -- we're talking about visibility now multiple quarters and, in some cases, multiple years out. For the type of capacity that we're talking about for the size of the customers that we're talking to, we need to do that to plan to have the capability to support all of that capability. So overall, I think we have definitely deepened the relationship with the customers. And by the way, also, we've deepened the relationships with our supply chain partners. So I think the entire sort of -- the entire food chain needs to come together to deliver on the very strong demand that's out there. So that's certainly what we've been working on.
Lisa Su: Sure, Toshiya. Thanks for the question. So yeah, our guide in Q1 actually is up sequentially. Usually, we're down sequentially, just given normal seasonality, but the demand patterns are such that demand is strong and we have additional supply coming on board, and so that's why we're guiding sequentially up. As it relates to CPU inventory, whether in PCs or in servers, we don't believe there is any significant inventory of our products, whether at our customers or in the retailer channel. So from that standpoint, I think we've been watching very carefully the sell-in and sell-through patterns, and we believe we're matched to end-user demand.
Lisa Su: Yes, absolutely. Look, I'm extremely excited about Xilinx. I mean, I would say that we very much have been planning for the integration over this period of time. We've had customers anxious to talk to us about combined road maps. When we think about sort of the technology that they have, it's very complementary to ours, very, very strong team. And their business results were just posted last week, and their business is also doing it very, very well. So I think the combination is going to be very exciting. We look forward to telling you a lot more about it, as we get to close and beyond.
Lisa Su: Yes, John. So we've certainly worked very hard to give ourselves fungibility amongst the various capacity corridors that we have. So we've done numerous cross qualifications and new factory bring-ups and all of that stuff. So I would say it's not 100% fungible, but there -- it is -- there is an ability to move across the different businesses. And we make that a dynamic allocation decision sort of like weekly based on what we see going on. So I think we have a pretty good pulse on the market. And we sort of understand sort of what's going on. And our customers are giving us signals on a regular basis. And so, I think, we'll be able to manage through at all of the puts and takes as we go through the year.
Lisa Su: Yes, sure. So our data center GPU had a very strong year in 2021. It was sort of a key year for us as we launched the MI200 family and we had several large supercomputing wins. This year, for data center GPU, it's about the cloud and about sort of expanding beyond sort of the large HPC wins. I view it as a strategic growth vector for us over the next several years. I think your question is a good one about sort of the pull now that EPYC is very sort of well established in these accounts. I do think that helps us with data center GPU. But the way to think about it is, this is a long-term investment for us. The hardware is very, very good. We've been investing more in the software. We've been working with our customers to ensure that our tool chain gets them the performance that they need. And so I would say, this is a longer-term driver, but I'm pleased with the progress that we made certainly through this last year.
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Blayne. It's still very early. But yes, we're very happy with the partnership with Nokia that was announced. As you said, this is an area where we're early in the cycle. It's an area where we're building relationships. And so I feel good about the progress there, but I would say it's still quite early. And then you didn't ask this, but just one of the other things with the communications and 5G. As we bring Xilinx into the equation, they also have very deep relationships with a number of these accounts. And so we see that as an incremental positive as we think about EPYC in communications.
Lisa Su: Sure. So for the Q1 guide, the sequential up is being driven by -- primarily by server and then also by client. For Semi-Custom, it is normally significantly down. And this year, it is flattish into the first quarter. And it's -- as you said, the seasonal patterns aren't there. Demand continues to be strong, and we continue to support our customers with additional product there.
Lisa Su: Stacy, I don't think I'm going to answer that exactly. But what I will say is what I said before. Look, we are sharing. As we go through this environment, the key is to have long-term relationships, both on the supply chain side and on the customer side. But without a doubt, the predominant growth is products. So it's units and ASPs from the mix of the product, and that's the predominant growth.
Lisa Su: Yeah, sure, Mark. So actually, it's a very exciting area. It's -- just consider it an evolution of -- we've always had a semi-custom model, like the work that we do with the console guys to design specifically for their application. As we look at the broader set of applications, including some of these data center applications, we do believe that there's a sort of the next leg of the stool in terms of deep customer relationships. So we already do a lot of customization around product SKUs and specific optimization points, but we can certainly imagine both customer IP or different incarnations of our IP to really optimize, because as these applications end up really requiring so much volume, it really does justify additional customization for those cases.
Lisa Su: Sure, Joe. Well, I think overall, we have been in a mode of demand is larger than supply. Although, we made a lot of progress through 2021. And I expect to make more progress, really incremental capacity will come online through 2022, especially in the second half. So I think it's really about sort of our prioritization decisions and trying to ensure that we spend -- that we're satisfying our customers' needs. But we're definitely working on getting more supply as we go through the year. And I think you should see it loosen up a bit.
Lisa Su: Yes. So enterprise has grown nicely. I mean, we're still cloud-weighted. So if you look -- sometimes these patterns, it's better to look on a full year basis. So we are still cloud-weighted relative to enterprise. But enterprise has made a really nice progress. It's a sizable business, and the -- we've made progress with the larger OEMs as well as across a number of regional OEMs.
Lisa Su: Sure, Chris. Well, I think the strategy is, as we have gotten more scale in the business, we can invest more and we see ways to further differentiate our product portfolio. So I mean, I think Milan-X is really sort of the highest of the highest end. And we see that for technical computing and some of these EDA workloads that, that does give us a very differentiated product. And then we have the regular Milan product line. We'll have Genoa. And Bergamo is really optimized for cloud. So I do believe it gives us more opportunity to expand from a market share and a footprint standpoint. And I think the broader statement, Chris, is that, the data center is so large. There are so many different workloads that you can optimize. Like, by doing these variants, we will actually get a better solution for the customer, give them better total cost of ownership and, hopefully, give us a larger footprint in that workload as well.
Lisa Su: Yes. We've set out a road map for, frankly, not just 2022 but beyond, which allows, let's call it, very aggressive growth goals. We work that on a regular basis with our customers and our supply chain partners. I would say we have better visibility than we have ever had from a customer demand standpoint. And so that gives us pretty good confidence in terms of what is needed, but there are always going to be some puts and takes. And so we have enough flexibility to do that. But our goal is to dimension for success, right? At the end of the day, that's what we want to do is we want to satisfy customer demand, and so we're dimensioning for success and work with our customers as their demand evolves.
Lisa Su: Yes. Thanks for the question, Harlan. Look, I like the Embedded business. I've always liked the Embedded business. It's a nice, sticky business over many years. It is smaller, but it has grown nicely. And the volume design wins in automotive and they've now sort of expanded their usage. They've recently expanded their usage over a broader part of their product portfolio. We've focused on networking and storage as key markets. I do think there is a very good synergy with Xilinx in terms of just the customer set and the channels. And so I do see it as a nice grower for us as we go through it, and there's very good reuse from our server products as well as our client products. So we'll talk -- again, we'll talk a little bit more about it as the business gets to more size. And that will be part of our Financial Analyst Day conversation when we get to that in June.
