Victor Peng: Yes, Ross, let me take that. So look, on the emulation and prototyping, as you said, some revenue just moved over, but there's nothing fundamentally different about what we're doing there. As I said in the prepared remarks, we really have maintained leadership with the view ITP, and we've established that for several years now. It's just a situation with a particular customer. I wouldn't read anything into it beyond that. Regarding the data center, yes, we are saying that we saw some pull-in because of the most recent restrictions. But you can think about that really as an order of one quarter pull-in. This is not a big thing. And again, I guess what I would say is that I think that it's still an indication that we're getting really good traction in data center. Of course, kind of, we said even without perturbations like trade -- new trade restrictions. Things are really lumpy right now in the data center as we're still scaling the business. And in general, also, it's a pretty consolidated business. So it would have some natural lumpiness. And it's just causing some more perturbations on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But overall, we're still tracking a good growth. And so we're still very confident about what's going on in data center.
Victor Peng: Yes, it's a good question, Aaron. Yes. As you said, one of the things we're really pleased about is we're starting to see our RFSoC being deployed in sub-6 and in North America. And we also see more deployments around the world. So we're very, very excited that we are seeing that ramp. I think just like the previous question, with trade and a few other things, in particular, in 5G, that's caused some perturbations. But if you step back in the big picture, right, we still are absolutely confident this is going to be a very significant opportunity for us. We have the strongest lineup we ever had. We have Versal win for 5G. We have the RFSoC deployed in areas. And you'll be hearing more about what we're doing even with the RFSoC family in terms of further the announcements. So, yes, it's still the first wave. You've heard me talk about three generations of equipment. What's being deployed right now is still the first wave. And we certainly see that it's good to see North America starting to pick up. China continues, and it's had some choppiness because of the various trade issues. But we are seeing other geographies starting to deploy, and that is going to drive the big opportunity that we talked about. But still first innings, right? So we got engagements with the second-generation equipment, but that's yet to deploy. And then there'll be at least another third generation, if not, perhaps, some after that as well.
Victor Peng: Yes. I would say in the last quarter, it was pretty much compute led the way, followed by networking and then storage. And I would say that it still continues to look like you know, there’s a good strength in that order, although between compute and SmartNIC, that’s probably going to in any given time vary right, because again this perkiness and just big wins and adoptions and then there's some digestion. But you know, I would say, certainly, we're seeing a lot of strong interest in compute. And again, to refresh your memory on this, some of the areas in terms of the applications, we're very strong in video, database. You could in fintech in SmartNIC because of the low latency aspect. You could also think of as computing as well. But certainly, in general, separate apart from fintech, I think SmartNIC, in general, we're seeing a lot of pull, right? So very pleased about that big win that went that I referenced. But we see continued other, really good momentum and good pipeline development there. So I would say compute and network are both strong, and it varies from quarter-to-quarter, which is really higher. And by the way, I don't want to say that nothing is happening in storage. We've seen good wins in storage as well. It's just that I think we've consistently always felt like our opportunity there is probably not quite as large as the other two. And that's sort of what we're seeing right now.
Victor Peng: I think in the long run, compute is still the largest. And as I said in the last quarter, compute was a very big contributor and then networking next. And but I guess what I'm just saying is that at any given quarter, it could move between compute and networking and occasionally storage perhaps. But I'd say, as a more, what would I expect integrating over time in the long run, now compute is probably the biggest. Some of that will take a while to flow through. Networking will be very strong, and we're seeing a lot of strength there. And then storage.
Victor Peng: Tristan, I would say that, well, we do see strength improving in multiple markets. I think we still want to take pretty much a cautious approach here because there's still certain uncertainty in terms of the pandemic, how the Congress response, of course, you have the presidential election. So I think I'd defer to give any guidance right now in FY 2022. Certainly, when we have our Analyst Day in December, we'll go through all of that. But what I would -- let me put it this way, though, I would say despite a number of different things happening in this FY 2021, we do still feel like we will hit double-digit growth. And over the long run, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're confident that data center will be our greatest growing market of all the markets we serve in terms of growth rate and that we will have sustained solid double-digit growth over the next several years.
Victor Peng: Well, I would say the XDF, like for everybody, that was for us a very big event and we literally would bring 1,000 or 1,000-plus in certain geography of people together, altogether. So, obviously, because of the pandemic, we wouldn't be able to do that. Then we looked at thinking about doing things virtually. And in the end, what we decided to do is actually modify that a little bit, and we have a sequence of different events called Adapt, right? This is new to continue to essentially convey the same information, get the same kind of users in various people together in a virtual setting. So, instead of having one big bang kind of event, if you will, we're spreading that over a series of events, virtual events that we call Adapt. So, I wouldn't say that we've changed our view of how important it is to engage with customers, partners, users, and so forth and of course, as well. I just think the mechanism, which we're going to deliver this year in particular because of the pandemic and so forth, we're changing it up a little bit. That's all.
Victor Peng: And by the way, I would also add that aside from direct medical equipment, which we're designed into a lot of places, we also are seeing medical applications and modeling and simulation in the cloud, right? So we've talked about a number of ISVs that are focused on medical and they're doing cloud acceleration. So we see that also within the DCG business, if you will.
Victor Peng: Yes. I mean, I think what I would say is that, we don't think things have changed that much other than, yes, 2020 was a challenging year for a variety of things. So there'll be some impact of that. But I'd say, overall, we're still in that ballpark of growth, right? And again, we'll talk about that at Analyst Day. But we still feel very confident, and we do really think that this is a long-haul kind of strategy, right? We're not as focused on what happens quarter-to-quarter. We want to make sure that we're progressing year-on-year. And not just on revenue, but again, the pipeline, our ecosystem development, the Alveo boards business, which, again, I want to bring everybody back to. We had no business there two years ago. And we're tracking to that being a good portion of our revenue for FY 2021. And so I think that new revenue stream, which is new, we have to stand up an entire different distribution channel, bars and distributors and system integrators, and we've done that now. And I think -- yes, I think we're -- overall, I would say, you're not going to hear big changes, but stay tuned for the Analyst Day in terms of more granularity on that.
Victor Peng: Yes. Let me first sort of say what I think is a good validation, which is that more and more people are saying the SmartNIC, they have to do a lot more customization in the data path, and they can't get away with just mainly a fixed function with a little bit of flexibility that the customers are demanding the ability to do more specialization for their unique needs, whether that's for security or just how to optimize and tune, right, the overall economics of their data center, right. And so I'd say that's a good trend, and people are now taking different approaches. That particular architecture is using a large array of fairly typical embedded processor cores, if you will, which really isn't the most effective, efficient way to do that. We approach it, obviously, with really very, very flexible and adaptive infrastructure that we have on our products. And we still have ARM SoCs. So from a software program portion of it, that's pretty typical. But how we actually do the acceleration and how we allow people to customize in the data path is, I think, much more powerful to deliver high-performance as well as low latency, and really, again, customized to exactly what they need. Plus, I mean, you could make very significant changes on the same piece of silicon after things are So just in terms of being able to make new features, capabilities or fixed new software homes -- I mean, sorry, security homes afterwards, we provide the most feature proofing, if you will. So I think we have that strong capability. I think I would also add one final thing is that our software and systems knowledge was significantly increased when we completed the Solarflare acquisition. So not only do we have this really uniquely powerful hardware, adoptable hardware, but now we also have really good experts in terms of production and quality drivers and overall system expertise. So I think that certainly served us well in competing against all the top players, including the one that you mentioned.
Victor Peng: Yes. So let me address a number of points there. So maybe on the -- we typically enable people to get there really quickly. I think we did see that, right? I mean, I think what happened with Samsung in deploying in South Korea ahead of all geographies. Frankly, even ahead of China, which I think everybody largely expected would go first and we were there, right? And we're there. In fact, we were there in such a big way. We were totally candid in saying that we don't expect to hold on to some of that because we enabled exactly what you said, getting to market very rapidly, and then over time, in the area in terms of the baseband, where we're traditionally not quite as strong, we got displaced. But we continue to grow where we have been traditionally been strong. And in fact, we have a strong hand in the radio. And again, it's going to be more radios, more different configurations with massive MIMO many different bands and so on. So I think we still absolutely believe that we will beat the 4G kind of run rate, but again, things are kind of in the early stages. And I guess the other thing is, I don't want to keep getting back to this trade thing, but it is quite significant that at this point one of our top customers and communications is zero, right? So I just want to say that, that is a headwind that doesn't just disappear overnight. In fact, I would say, considering we're holding, losing one of our top customers in any segment, but in communications and especially 5G wireless, that is a significant challenge. But despite that, we still see that we're going to exceed that. And what wasn't around in the 4G, again, not only because there's so much more complexity and challenges in 5G, but the whole evident that we talked about O-RAN, I think that's a really potentially very big opportunity for us, and we're the ideal solution for that. So stay tuned. It's still -- I know it's -- everybody is looking for the quick inflection, but this is a long journey here, and I think that we're still in very good shape.
Victor Peng: I'm sorry, during the -- yes. Look, that just broke now, and look, I'm not going to pretend to be fully up to speed on that. I guess it doesn't surprise me again because 5G is such a big opportunity, and it's just showing folks who adjacencies are now wanting to move in. And look, I look at it more competition keeps you on your game, right? And that's why I feel like we're in a very strong position because we certainly upped our game with integrating things like analog capability and RFSoC, we've done with Versal, and you'll hear more announcements soon about other technologies that we're bringing to bear in that market.
Victor Peng: Yes. I think in terms of the second generation, and again, people are in different stages. Some people are still feel early, others are pretty far along. I think one of the things that we think that just from a timing perspective, right, Versal was really not going to be in time for the first wave. But Versal is there for the second and again, the public, the one that's publicly announced is the work we're doing at Samsung, and we feel very good about that. Again, we have more coming down the pipe in terms of the RFSoC family. So, that's been really successful, and we've seen that deployed. I think we've talked about how a lot of the regions have not really deployed very significantly. And so I do think the fact that North America is starting to do their deployments and drive is a good sign. I think we -- I think we've consistently felt that most of the action is going to be in sub-6, but millimeter wave will be there. And our SoC is being deployed in some millimeter wave systems as well. So, yes, I think it's still pretty early because we haven't seen those second-generation equipment being deployed, but we're going to be in a lot of those systems, both with Versal and RFSoC. And again, stay tuned for that.
Victor Peng: Yes. And then, in terms of inference. First of all, I want to make sure everybody really does understand an inference goes well beyond the data center, right? So, for instance, all those applications you kind of referred to, recent ones in automotive wins, were in wins and other kinds of edge applications that I don't mean just edge computing, but just edge devices as well as endpoint devices. So we're doing very well, I think, in the broader inference. Within data center, I think we've always said is that most applications are not completely dominated by the AI portion, the neuro network processing. And we're able to accelerate other portions of the application. That's why we kind of coined for whole application acceleration, right. And so I think the areas where we tend to shine is where we're actually accelerating other parts of the application as well as including AI. And yes, we continue to be focused on inference. We're not really driving towards training. So the competitor you mentioned what they're doing, that's fairly new. We'll see how that plays out. And -- but again, I think that we're accelerating not only AI inference in the cloud, but also just applications that don't necessarily have AI at all. And I think that's what to think about it is that we are not building hardware that has to be dedicated to only do one thing. Again, we have this great dynamic range, if you will, of all these things that we can accelerate and support, and enable people to really differentiate.
Victor Peng: Okay. Yes. Look, I think the reason why there's so much momentum towards SmartNIC is, one, is data centers are means to upgrade just the bandwidth that they have. But I think the clear recognition that having driver code to support more networking is really causing the economics of the data center to be somewhat bottlenecked by that. So by offloading, running that code, which you don't get paid for right, you don't get monetize, monetize those codes by doing that. If you could shift that off to the -- to a SmartNIC rather than just a dumb NIC, then that's a big win in and of itself. But then there's -- it goes beyond that because there's lots of things that people want to do in terms of security. And then indeed, you could actually do computation, right, well, data is in motion, right. And I think this is all part of the bigger picture that the data center architecture is being disrupted, right? I think many people really -- people smarter than I in this, coin the phrase that the entire data center is really the computer, that people want to compose resources of how many CPU cores they need, the amount of network down, service level that they need there and then storage, and there’s really going to be computing distributor throughout all of that. And we play in all those areas, right, with one scalable architecture and that is unique. Other people have to do that with multiple different types of architectures and devices though. So the SmartNIC is just one part of that whole, I guess what I would say is disruption and revolution in the data center architecture. And again, we -- the flexibility, the ability to customize exactly what people need and also to change things that are pretty significant way after they've been deployed, I think those are the unique value that we enable our customers with. So in terms of the $100 million that we talked about, I think we referenced that we see that run rate hitting in the FY 2024 time frame. Obviously, the revenue will start somewhat before that, but it will be a fairly quick ramp. And that is just to be clear, one customer. We've got multiple that we've already won, and we've seen business from. But obviously, there's different things in the pipeline that we haven't yet converted to wins in revenue. But yes, a lot of good activity in SmartNIC.
Victor Peng: So first I would say is that this group has been very disciplined and respectful about what method top of us not commenting or answering any questions regarding the rumors. So, since you were asking me about how I think about CPU market, I'll focus it that way as opposed to any other noise around M&A. I believe that Xilinx has got this unique technology and capability. We invented the FPGA in this whole mission of a silicon architecture that after manufacturing, you can modify it to a very large extent through software. And that being a very scalable architecture, and over time, adding more and more capability to that, to the extent, as you point out, a number of years ago, now we've had multi-core ARM SoCs in there. So we do have SoC capability. My own background as I was back when I was doing real engineering, a microprocessor designer. So we certainly have many other people with that expertise, but we really feel like we want to stick to the core strength of this company, right, and the core strength of the company is us understanding how to create that hardware architectures that are very capable, including this adaptability, flexibility, together with the software that you need to sort of make that happen, right? And I think it serves us well to stay to our really core strength, but we do have expertise in those areas. But I think from a strategy perspective, that is not something we're thinking about is going out to server class kinds of CPUs. I think we have a lot of capability in SoCs and we'll exercise that. But really, it's the combination of all those elements, right, the SoC, together with the adaptable engines together with now our AI engine, a multicore tiled kind of many people consider the spatial processor. I mean, I think we have pretty much all the skill sets of the future, which is heterogeneous computing, high-performance heterogeneous computing. And that's what we'll focus on, right? That view of the world as opposed to say, hey, you're not going to take on companies that have historically been all about CPUs and computing. So...
Victor Peng: Well, I think with what we've done with our RFSoC and then future things that we're doing again, you can think of it in one sense is it's consistent with our story of how we're transforming to more of a platform company as opposed to a component or device company. And I think, as I've said, not only is RFSoC a unique silicon architecture, but we have our own IP and we've worked with customers in terms of -- we talked about being formula, but there's other functions, primarily on the radio side and some of the other things in digital front end that we've really gotten a lot stronger on terms of just our own state of the IP and the system what we say. Now, for O-RAN, we're still partnering, too. So, I'm not around professing to state that we have all the elements. And from a software perspective, we're partnering both with AltioStar as well as Naviner and we've worked with other players as well. So, I think that a lot of it is not just the silicon, but we've come a long ways in terms of understanding the system solution, right? And again, you'll hear more about that. And I think in O-RAN, in particular, because O-RAN is going to have to be -- when that's deployed, it has to interoperate with a lot of different things and these deployments are unique and all these different carriers have unique things. And I think this flexibility that we just talked about that permeates all of our products is going to be very important in the O-RAN situation, right, to be able to not have to do custom silicon for all those things that have one base of hardware, a platform that you could then customize for all those different deployments and different configurations. So, that's why I think we think we're really well suited for O-RAN, and we have both some of the knowledge and we'll partner with others as well.
Victor Peng: Thank you. So, look, I just want to say in closing, I'm extremely proud of my team's excellent execution, delivering these very solid Q2 results despite COVID-19 challenges and even the most recent trade restrictions. We're making great progress on our data center customary wins and engagements that you've heard, we're seeing good adoption of Alveo, and we continue to grow our software and ISE as well as the broader ecosystem. And we've had a lot of discussion on -- while in the near-term, quarter-to-quarter, revenue is still lumpy, we're very confident in our data center strategy and we're very confident about being able to sustain double-digit growth over the long run. We expect WWG business to resume growth. Again, as RFSoC volume continues to ramp and then once Versal also begins production deployment, and of course, as 5G, in general, becomes more broadly deployed around the world in all the different geographies. While O-RAN is still in its early days, it's gaining momentum, and we believe this is a very big opportunity for us in the future. Lastly, our core business is showing strength in several markets, including very encouraging sign for recovery in the automotive business, which was impacted a little bit more than others. So, we're extremely focused on our platform transformation, growing our ecosystem and deploying a very robust and complete software development environment. We're also enhancing our capabilities to deliver customized solutions for our customers to meet their needs in the most optimal way, balancing performance, power costs, again, enabling very fast time to market and also a degree of future proofing. So while 2020 has been -- presented several challenges, we remain confident in our strategy and sustained solid growth over the long run. So thank you for joining us this afternoon on the call. And I'll turn it back to Matt for a few housekeeping comments.
Brice Hill: I think when you started out talking about how looking at the run rate overall for the year, I think that's how to really think about how we're growing here. Because, again, the quarter-to-quarter, we've always said typically is bursty and then you add on top of that, very short fuse kinds of government actions that's also caused some perturbations. But the important thing to look to see is, I think, in this stage of where we are with that segment is the year-to-year progress. And that's why I said, even though we're not generally providing guidance, I just want to say, in general, we still feel confident about, even in this year, growing double-digits, right? So, I think that's the key thing. I mean, in any given quarter, we are seeing volatility some that -- to some extent, I think, is natural, some that are a little bit unusual just because of the -- I guess, what I'd say is the trade environment today. And again, I think that we're seeing lots -- the things that we watch for, too, is the fact that we have lots of customer engagements, the fact that we still see our pipeline growing and that we see again, early discussion about not just on the compute side, but on the SmartNIC engagements as well as in storage and memory. So we’re pretty -- we feel pretty good in terms of year-to-year progress, and we're laser-focused on keeping that consistently growing double digits.
Brice Hill: This is Brice. We don't break out exactly what is medical, but we have seen accelerations in the area for the COVID environment. And we do think it's a driver for our business going forward long term. We had an announcement this quarter about an MPSoC product that will be deployed for AI X-ray capability with one of our customers. And we think that's a good example of Victor's strategy of the adaptable SoCs at the edge, bringing more capability in the environment and helping Xilinx address more workloads. So you're right, it's a good driver for us, and it's those types of applications at the edge that will be a driver for that particular end market.
Brice Hill: Yes, Matt, this is Brice. Thanks for the question. I'll start and then Victor, I think, will add a couple of points on. First, on the 14 week, we do think it will be relatively small. Those are holiday days, but we do have approximately $10 million in our forecast for that 14th week. So, that's about the size of it. When we think about the core markets that you talked about, really, I think the first thing I'd say is our strategy for the adaptable SoCs, you could really see in some of the announcements during the quarter of getting designs in various end markets that are going to help propel the business faster than just the traditional FPGA market, but also gaining new sockets. Examples were in automotive, where we had two announcements on MPSoCs for automated driving systems and 4G radar. I mentioned the example of the health care, AI, x-ray design win that we had. So, we look across those end markets, and we see that in the short term automotive, and broadcast are going to grow quickly as the economy recovers, but there's also drivers as those devices get put in play in the edge and in autos. And we think that will be significant for the company. And then on the larger section of end markets, aerospace and defense, Victor mentioned the radiation tolerant device that we got an award for. We also think that radar innovation will help drive utilization for our devices going forward. And then when we think about industrial, the recovery is strong in industrial. We think that's tracking the economy. And again, we just focus on the edge opportunities we have for machine learning and AI and high performance, low power device operations, which is where our products specialize. And then finally, we talked about test measurement and emulation, and that's a big business for us, and we expect to have a strong quarter going forward. And we talked about our $35 billion transistor device that we have for that market that is optimized, and we think that, that market grows over time with product complexity. So really good drivers across all those businesses and we're confident that we'll have growth in the coming years that will be beyond what's normal for the traditional FPGA market.
Brice Hill: Yes. The only thing I'll add with regard to that competitive angle that you asked about is that, yes, we continue to and we're confident we'll continue to get our share relative to them overall. In fact, I think we've said it before in many instances now, we don't -- if they do compete, they're not necessarily in the short list of, I'd say, the most challenging competitors when we get down to design wins. Very often, it's really some other kind of product or certainly from a vendor perspective. I'd like to feel that most of that is really attributed to the fact that we're innovating and executing so well, as you said, the fact that they may have some other challenges in addition to that. Yes, that could have some effect. But I think, by and large, we're making our own opportunity there, and we think that will continue.
Brice Hill: Okay. I'll tackle the tax rate first, and then Victor will comment on the other. So for the tax rate, yes, you probably noticed in Q2, we had an ultra-low tax rate, 1% on the non GAAP. And what really happens in Q2 is our share-based awards vest. And if they've appreciated, we get a tax benefit for that. So that's what's driving the lower tax rate for the quarter. When we look forward, you see a more normal rate. So, Michelle, the Q3 guide is probably more normal. And then when we think about longer term, we'll probably increase 1 or 2 points over time as our Singapore rate goes from 0% to 5%. So, hopefully, that answers the question.
