Jean Hu: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start with a review of our financial results for the first quarter and then provide our current outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2023. As a reminder, for comparative purposes, first quarter 2022 results included the only partial quarter financial results from the acquisition of Xilinx, which closed in February 2022.  Revenue in the fourth quarter was $5.4 billion, a decrease of 9% year-over-year as Embedded segment strength was offset by lower Client segment revenue. Gross margin was 50%, down 2.7 percentage points from a year ago, primarily impacted by Client segment performance.  Operating expenses were $1.6 billion, increasing 18% year-over-year, primarily due to inclusion of a full quarter of expenses from Xilinx and Pensando acquisitions. Operating income was $1.1 billion, down $739 million year-over-year, and the operating margin was 21%. Interest expense, taxes and other was $128 million. For the first quarter, diluted earnings per share was $0.60 due to better-than-expected revenue and operating expenses.  Now turning to our reportable segment for the first quarter. Starting with the Data Center segment, revenue was $1.3 billion, flat year-over-year, driven primarily by higher sales of EPYC processors to cloud customers, offset by lower enterprise server processor sales.  Data Center segment operating income was $148 million or 11% of revenue compared to $427 million or 33% a year ago. Lower operating income was primarily due to product mix and increased R&D investments to address large opportunities ahead of us.  Client segment revenue was $739 million, down 65% year-over-year as we shipped significantly below consumption to reduce downstream inventory. We expect an improvement in second quarter Client segment revenue and a seasonally stronger second half. Client segment operating loss was $172 million compared to operating income of $692 million a year ago, primarily due to lower revenue.  Gaming segment revenue was $1.8 billion, down 6% year-over-year. Semi-custom revenue grew double-digit percentage year-over-year, which was more than offset by lower gaming graphics revenue. Gaming segment operating income was $314 million or 18% of revenue compared to $358 million or 19% a year ago. Decrease was primarily due to lower gaming graphics revenue.  Embedded segment revenue was $1.6 billion, up $967 million year-over-year, primarily due to full quarter of Xilinx revenue and the strong performance across multiple end markets. Embedded segment operating income was $798 million or 51% of revenue compared to $277 million or 46% a year ago, primarily driven by the inclusion of a full quarter of Xilinx.  Turning to the balance sheet and the cash flow. During the quarter, we generated $486 million in cash from operations, reflecting our strong financial model despite the mixed demand environment. Free cash flow was $328 million. In the first quarter, we increased inventory by $464 million, primarily in anticipation of the ramp of new Data Center and Client product in advanced process node. At the end of the quarter, cash, cash equivalents and such short-term investment were $5.9 billion, and we returned $241 million to shareholders through share repurchases. We have a $6.3 billion in remaining authorization for share repurchases. In summary, in an uncertain macroeconomic environment, the AMD team executed very well, delivering better-than-expected top line revenue and earnings.  Now turning to our second quarter 2023 outlook. We expect revenue to be approximately $5.3 billion, plus or minus $300 million, a decrease of approximately 19% year-over-year and approximately flat sequentially. Year-over-year, we expect the Client, Gaming and the Data Center segment to decline, partially offset by Embedded segment growth. Sequentially, we expect Client and Data Center segment growth to be offset by modest Gaming and Embedded segment decline.  In addition, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 50%. Non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $1.6 billion. Effective tax rate to be 13%. And the diluted share count is expected to be approximately 1.62 billion shares.  In closing, I'm pleased with our strong top line and bottom line execution. We have a very strong financial model, and we'll continue to invest in our long-term strategic priorities, including accelerating our AI offerings to drive sustainable value creation over the long term.  With that, I'll turn it back to Ruth for Q&A session.
Jean Hu: Yes. Thank you for the question. Our gross margin is primarily driven by mix. If you look at the first half -- first quarter performance and second quarter guide, we are very pleased with the strong gross margin performance in both the Data Center and the embedded segment. We haven't been seeing headwinds from Client segment impacting our gross margin.  Going to the second half, we do expect gross margin improvement because Data Center is going up and the Embedded continue to be relatively strong. The pace of improvement in the second half actually will be largely dependent on the Client segment. We think the Client segment gross margin is also going to improve. But overall, it's going to be below corporate average. So the pace of improvement of gross margin could be dependent on the pace of the Client business recovery in second half. But in the longer term, right, when we look at our business opportunities, the largest incremental revenue opportunities are going to come from Data Center and Embedded segment. So we are building very good about longer-term gross margin going up continuously.
Jean Hu: Yes. Ambrish, maybe I'll give you a little bit of color is definitely in Q1, the other networking business, including GPU, have been down that definitely is the case. But from a share perspective, when we look at overall Q1 reported revenue from both sides and analyze the data, we don't believe we lost the share.
Jean Hu: Yes, Stacy, that's a good question. The way to think about it is if you look at our Q1 gross margins and the Q2 guide around 50%. And as you know, both our Data Center and Embedded have a very strong gross margin performance. And so what the headwinds that impact our gross margin is really PC client on the side, which, as we talked about, is we are shipping significantly under the consumption and also to digest inventory in the downstream supply chain.  As you know, typically, that's the time you get a significant pressure on the ASP side and on the funding side, that's why our gross margin in the Client segment has been challenged. In second half, we know it's going to be normalized. That's very important fact is when you normalize the demand and the supply, and we continue to plan a very competitive environment, so don't get us wrong on that front. But it will be better because you are not digesting the inventory, the channel funding, everything, those kind of price reduction will be much less. So we do think the second half will fly outside, the gross margin will be better than first half.
Jean Hu: Yes, Blayne, that's a good question. I think when you look at the year-over-year, you're absolutely right. Revenue is largely flattish, but operating margin dropped significantly. There are 2 major drivers. The first is we have increased the investment significantly, especially in networking and AI. As you may recall, we closed the Pensando last May or June. So this is the full quarter for Pensando expenses versus last year. Plus we also increased GPU investment under AI investment. That's all under the Data Center bucket.  Secondly, I mentioned about product mix. Lisa said year-over-year cloud sales grew double digits significantly and enterprise actually declined. So in Q1, our revenue in data center is heavily indexed to the cloud market. versus last year in Q1. Typically, cloud gross margin is lower than enterprise. We do expect, even in Q2, it will be balanced -- more balanced and going forward, we do think the enterprise side will come back.
Jean Hu: Yes. Sequential, it's revenue. If you look at the revenue, it was down very significantly, right? And the mix also is a little bit more indexed to cloud sequentially too.
Lisa Su: Right. So Vivek, thanks for the question. Maybe let me give you some context on what's going on in the Data Center right now. First of all, we have said that it's a mixed environment in the Data Center. So the first half of the year, there are some of the larger cloud customers that are working through some inventory and optimization as well as a weaker enterprise.  As we go into the second half of the year, we see a couple of things. First, our road map is very strong. So the feedback that we're getting working with our customers on, Genoa it's ramping well. It is very differentiated in terms of TCO and overall performance. So we think it's very well positioned. Much of the work that we've done in the first half of the year -- in the first quarter and here in the second quarter is to ensure that we complete all of that work such that we can ramp across a broader set of workloads as we go into the second half of the year.  And then I would say, from an overall market standpoint, I think enterprise will still be mixed with the notion that we expect some improvement. It depends a little bit on the macro situation. And then as we go into the second half of the year, in addition to Genoa, we're also ramping Bergamo. So that's on track to launch here in the second quarter and will ramp in the second half of the year. And then as we get towards the end of the year, we also have our GPU ramp of MI300. So with that, we start the ramp in the fourth quarter of our supercomputing wins as well as our early cloud AI wins. So those are all the factors. Of course, we'll have to see how the year plays out but we feel very good about how we're positioned from an overall product and roadmap standpoint for Data Center.
Lisa Su: Yes, absolutely, Vivek. Well, I mean, we've gained share nicely over the last 4 years. When you look at our Data Center progression, it's actually been pretty steady. As we go into the second half of this year, I think we continue to believe that we have a very strong competitive position. So we do think that positions us well to gain share.  In the conversations that we're having with customers, I think they're enthusiastic about Zen 4 and what it can bring into cloud workloads as well as enterprise workloads. I think actually Genoa is extremely well positioned for enterprise where we have been underrepresented. So we feel good about the road map. I mean, obviously, it's competitive, but we feel very good about our ability to continue to gain share.
Lisa Su: Yes, absolutely, Toshiya. Thanks for the question. I mean I think the Embedded business has performed extremely well over the last 4 or 5 quarters. Q1 was another record for the Embedded business. When we look underneath it, there is a broad set of market segments that we have exposure to, and the majority of them are actually doing very well. Our thought process for sort of modest decline into Q2 is that we did have a bunch of backlog that we're in the process of clearing and that backlog will clear in Q2, and then we expect that the growth will moderate a bit. We still very much like the positioning of sort of our aerospace and defense, our industrial, our test and emulation business, our automotive business. We expect wireless trends to be a little bit weaker as well as consumer trends. So those are the kind of the puts and takes in the market. But I would say the business has performed well above our expectations.
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Aaron. So yes, look, I think Genoa, we always said, as we launched it, that it would be a little bit more of a longer transition compared to Milan because it is a new platform. So it is the new DDR5, it's PCI Gen 5. And for many of our top customers, they're also doing other things other than upgrading the CPUs.  So from that standpoint, I would say the ramp is going about as we expected. We've seen a lot of interest, a lot of customer engineering work that we're doing together in the data centers with our customers, we feel great about the set of workloads, and we see expansion in the workloads going forward. So overall, our expectation is, particularly as we go into the second half, we'll see Genoa ramp more broadly. But Genoa and Milan are going to coexist throughout the year, just given sort of the breadth of platforms that we have.
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Aaron. So back to the DDR5 question, we haven't seen anything specific on DDR5. And it's just normal platform bring up that we're seeing. Now as it relates to your question about MI300, look, we're really excited about the AI opportunity. I think that is success for us is having a significant part of the AI overall opportunity. AI for us is broader than cloud. I mean it also includes what we're doing in Clients and Embedded. But specifically, as it relates to MI300, MI300 is actually very well positioned for both HPC or supercomputing workloads as well as for AI workloads.  And with the recent interest in generative AI, I would say the pipeline for MI300 has expanded considerably here over the last few months, and we're excited about that. We're putting a lot more resources, I mentioned on the prepared remarks, the work that we're doing, sort of taking our Xilinx and sort of the overall AMD AI efforts and collapsing them into one organization, that's primarily to accelerate our AI software work as well as platform work. So success for MI300 is for sure a significant part of sort of the growth in AI in the cloud. And I think we feel good about how we're positioned there.
Lisa Su: Sure. Matt, thanks for the question. So look, I think as we work with our largest cloud customers in the Data Center segment, particularly with our EPYC CPUs, we have very good conversations in terms of what their ramp plans are, what their qualification plans are, which workloads, which instances. So I feel that we have good visibility. Obviously, some of this is still dependent on overall macro situation and overall demand. But our view is that there is a lot of good progress in the Data Center.  Now in terms of quantification, as I said, there's a lot of puts and takes. My view is that enterprise will improve as we go into the second half, and we're even seeing, I would say, some very early signs of some improvement in China as well. So our view is, I think, double-digit Data Center growth is what we currently see. And certainly, we would like to ramp Genoa and Bergamo as a large piece given the strength of those products, we'd like to see them grow share here over the next couple of quarters.
Lisa Su: Yes. So we've been undershipping sort of consumption in the Client business for about 3 quarters now. And certainly, our goal has been to normalize the inventory in the supply chain so that shipments would be closer to consumption. We expect that, that will happen in the second half of the year, and that's what the comment meant that we believe that there will be improvements in the overall inventory positioning.  And then we also believe that the Client market is stabilizing. So Q1 was the bottom for our business as well as for the overall market. From what we see although it will be a gradual set of improvements, we do see that the overall market should be better in the second half of the year. We like our product portfolio a lot. I'm excited about having AI-enabled on our Ryzen 7000 series. And we have leadership notebook platforms with Dragon Range. Our desktop road map is also quite strong with our new launch of the Ryzen 7000 X3D products.  And so I think here in the second quarter, we'll still undership consumption a bit. And by the second half of the year, we should be more normalized between shipments and consumption, and we expect some seasonal improvement into the second half.
Lisa Su: Yes. I think, Joe, this is a bit harder because every customer is different. What we're seeing is different customers are at a different place in their sort of overall cycle. But let me say it this way though. I think we have good visibility with all of our large customers in terms of what they're trying to do for the quarter, for the year. Obviously, some of that will depend on how the macro plays out. But from our viewpoint, I think we're also going through a product transition between Milan and Genoa and some of these workloads.  So if you put all those things into the conversation, that's why our comment was that we will -- we do believe that the second quarter will grow modestly and then there'll be more growth in the second half of the year as it relates to the Data Center business. So there lots of puts and takes, every customers in a bit of a different cycle. But overall, the number of workloads that they're going to be using AMD on, we believe, will expand as we go through the next few quarters.
Lisa Su: Yes. I would say, Joe, we've been at this for quite some time. So AI has been very much a strategic priority for AMD for quite some time. With MI250, we've actually made strong progress. We mentioned in the prepared remarks some of the work that was done on the LUMI supercomputer with generative AI models. We've continued to do quite a bit of library optimization with MI250 and software optimization to really ensure that we could increase the overall performance and capabilities.  MI300 looks really good. I think from everything that we see, the workloads have also changed a bit in terms of -- whereas a year ago, much of the conversation was primarily focused on training. Today, that has migrated to sort of large language model inferencing, which is particularly good for GPUs. So I think from an MI300 standpoint, we do believe that we will start ramping revenue in the fourth quarter with cloud AI customers and then it will be more meaningful in 2024.
Lisa Su: Yes. Thanks, Harlan. It's a great question. The Xilinx portfolio has done extremely well with us. Very strong, I would say, we continue to get more content attached to the FPGAs and the adaptive SoCs. We have seen the beginnings of good traction with the cross-selling and that is opportunity to take both Ryzen and EPYC CPUs into the broader embedded market. I think the customers are very open to that. I think we have a sales force and a go-to-market capability across this customer set that is very helpful for that.  So I do believe that this is a long-term opportunity for us to continue to grow our embedded business. And we've already seen some design wins as a result of the combination of the Xilinx portfolio and the AMD portfolio, and I think we'll see a lot more of that going forward.
Lisa Su: We do, Harlan, and I would put it more broadly. And the more -- the broader point is, I think we have a very complete IP portfolio across CPUs, GPUs, FPGAs, adaptive SoCs, DPUs and a very capable semi-custom team. And so beyond hyperscalers, I think when we look at sort of higher volume opportunities, we think there are higher volume opportunities beyond game consoles that there are custom opportunities available. So I think that combination of IP is very helpful. I think it's a long-term opportunity for us, and it's one of the areas where we think we can add value to our largest customers.
Lisa Su: Yes. I think, Ross, what I would say is a couple of things. I think in the Data Center market, the pricing is relatively stable. And what that comes from is -- our goal is to add more capability, right? So it's a TCO equation where as we're going from Milan to Genoa, we are adding more cores, more performance. And the performance per dollar that we offer to our customers is one where it's advantageous for them to adopt our technologies and our solutions. So I expect that.  I think in the Client business, given some of the inventory conditions in there, I think there's -- it's a more competitive environment. We're all -- from my standpoint, we're focused on normalizing the inventory levels. And with that normalization, the most important thing is to ensure that we get the shipments more in line with consumption because I think that's a healthier business environment overall. And then, again, it's back to product values, right? So we have to ensure that our products continue to offer superior performance per dollar, performance per watt capabilities in the market.
Lisa Su: Yes. There's a couple of aspects, Ross. And -- yes, since we haven't yet announced MI300, all of the specifications will -- some of those will come over the coming quarters. MI300 is the first solution that has both the CPU and GPU together, and that has been very positive for the supercomputing market. . I think as it relates to generative AI, and we think we have a very strong value proposition from both a hardware and again, it's a performance per dollar conversation, I think there's a lot of demand in the market. And there's also -- I think given our deep customer relationships on the EPYC side, there's actually a lot of synergy between the customer set between the EPYC CPUs and the MI sort of 300 GPU customers.  So I think when we look at all these together, our view is that demand is strong for AI. And I think our position is also very strong given there are very, very few products that can really satisfy these large language model sort of needs. And I think we feel confident that we can do that.
Lisa Su: Tim, I think the answer is yes. I think we have made significant progress even over the last year in terms of our software capabilities. And the way you should think about our AI portfolio is it's really a broad AI portfolio across client sort of edge as well as cloud. And with that, I think the Xilinx team brings a lot of background and capability, especially in inference. We've added significant talent in our AI software as well.  And the beauty of particularly the cloud opportunity is it's not that many customers, and it's not that many workloads. So when you have sort of very clear customer targets, we're working very, very closely with our customers on optimizing for a handful of workloads that generate significant volume. That gives us a very clear target for what winning is in the market. So we feel good about our opportunities in AI. And I'd like to say that it's a multiyear journey. So this is the beginning what we think is a very significant market opportunity for us over the next 3 to 5 years.
Lisa Su: Right, Tim. So I think as we said, we're not guiding the full year just given all the puts and takes. So we see Q2 is flattish second half return to growth. We'll have to see exactly how the macro plays out across PCs and enterprise. But yes, we feel good about growth in Embedded, growth in Data Center -- on the data center side, double-digit growth sort of half year-over-year. And then we'll see how the rest of the segments play out. .
Lisa Su: Yes, that's right, Ambrish. So I think you just have to go through each of the pieces. But I think from an EPYC or a server standpoint, we don't believe we lost share. If anything, we might have gained a little bit. But I think overall, I wouldn't look at it so closely on a quarter-by-quarter basis because there are puts and takes. From what we see overall, we believe that we have a good overall share progression as we go through the year.
Lisa Su: Underlying assumptions for the full year. I think the key pieces that I talked about are Q2, let's call it, modest growth. We still expect some cloud optimization to be happening. As we go into the second half of the year, we'll see a stronger ramp of Genoa and the beginnings of the ramp of Bergamo, we think enterprise is still more dependent on macro, but we do believe that, that improves as we go into the second half of the year. And then we'll have the beginnings of our MI300 ramped in the fourth quarter for both supercomputing and some early AI workloads.
Lisa Su: Yes. Let me be clear. That was a year-over-year statement. So double-digit Data Center growth for the full year of 2023 versus 2022.
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, Blayne. So the ASPs were down quite a bit on a year-over-year basis, if you're talking about the overall Client business. And what that is, is that's also the Client ASPs were higher in the first half of '22, if you just think about what the supply environment was or the demand environment was in that. And given that we're undershipping in the first quarter, the ASPs are lower.
Lisa Su: So both the mix to cloud as well as the R&D expense has increased just given the large opportunities that we have across the data center and especially AI.
Lisa Su: Well, I think, Harsh, if you were saying -- I mean, I think today, inference is used a lot. CPUs are used a lot for inference. Now where the demand is highest right now is for generative AI and large language model inferencing, you need GPUs to have the horsepower to train sort of the most sophisticated model. So I think those are the 2, as you say, crosscurrents. I think inference becomes a much more important workload just given the adoption rate of AI across the board. And I think we'll see that for smaller tasks on CPUs, but for the larger tasks on GPUs.
Lisa Su: Yes. So as we said earlier, we've done some really good work on MI250 with AI and large language models. The example that is public is what we've done with LUMI and the training of some of the Finnish models. We're doing quite a bit of work with large customers on MI300. And what we're seeing is very positive results. So we think MI300 is very competitive for generative AI. We'll be talking more about sort of that customer and revenue evolution as we go over the next couple of quarters.
