Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon and good afternoon to you all. While we are disappointed with top line during this June quarter, our continued focus on profitability drove significant increases in both gross and operating margin to 69.1% and 33.7% respectively, resulting in earnings per share of $0.62. Following the March quarter we had 28-nanometer sales increased 40% to more than $140 million. 28-nanometer sales exceeded $130 million in the June quarter. This slight pullback was forced by a temporary pause in China LTE activity. Despite this pause, we remain very confident that the 28-nanometer nodes will continue to be the most successful node in our history, served as the growth driver for the company for several years. We are still in the early phases of 28-nanometer revenue growth, the very large number of design wins being converted to revenue over the next several years across a very broad range of markets. Consequently, we expect 28-nanometer growth to resume in the second half of our fiscal year with meaningful contributions from new LTE orders and more rapid growth from a host of ramps and design wins in markets including wired communication and data center and industrial.  Given our current disability of these ramps, we are revising our fiscal year 2015 28-nanometer sales target to be approximately $600 million. A proven formula for successful execution established the 28-nanometer continues to yield excellent results to 20-nanometer, the UltraScale family. Kintex UltraScale, the industry’s first 20-nanometer device been in the market since November -- per our largest customer is providing us with more than six months advantage over competitive product. During the quarter, we began shipping our Virtex UltraScale All Programmable FPGA, industry's only high-end product offering in 20-nanometer. This family provides our customers with unprecedented level -- system-level performance and integration, that enables the displacement of another class of ASICs and ASSPs. Let me now turn the call back to the operator for Q&A session.
Moshe Gavrielov: If you look at the past fiscal year which ended in March, our share grew significantly over the year and actually for the whole year it was over 70%. And our prediction for this quarter is over $130 million and that should put us in the high-60s in terms of percentage. But, you know that depends, of course, on what the competition does there. But, no, we are confident in the exceeding $130 million and remaining well ahead. And we expect it to continue to restart its accelerated growth in the December quarter. So this quarter and the next quarter 28-nanometer revenue will be relatively flattish and then we expect it to grow in the December quarter and the March quarter and to yield overall $600 million, which is the new target for the year. And, no, you couldn’t do the arithmetic on what the market share will be then based on whatever you predict as the companies will ship 28-nanometers.
Moshe Gavrielov: So, the expectation is that it will be a three-year deployment. That is in line with previous generations. This is a massive deployment; it's a huge country and it's being deployed in several waves. The previous wave had about six cycles to it, and we wouldn't be surprised if this one has a similar multiple cycles. And the next one counts as number three, in the way we're think. And then the previous generation was one carrier, albeit the biggest one, this one has all three carriers. And the other two smaller ones are expected to start a little later and with a different -- the FD approach, largely. And as a result, the expectation is that it will continue to be a multi-year rollout. And in terms of the peak, depending on exactly when these other two carriers go into their broader deployment, but we can't expect the peak to be in calendar 2015, but for the deployment to continue well beyond calendar 2015. And that would be very much in line with the previous facts, right, as opposed to the conjecture, which may have assumed that it happened faster.
Moshe Gavrielov: We are delighted with the progress of TSMC. As best we can tell, we are on -- they're on schedule and they have numerous other users of the technology who actually, in this case, will even be ahead of us. So, there really is no issue, in our mind, on the availability of the FinFET from TSMC. And, if anything, we've heard significant delays with other players, is that we're not seeing, that, and they are hitting all of their milestones; and so far, so good. So, there is no issue there with regards to their execution. In 16, 28 and the 20; and, as best we can tell, at 16, and they're doing 16 in two cycles. They're doing a FinFET and they're doing the FinFET Plus version, and we're going to be using the FinFET Plus version. And -- so, we're benefiting from all of their development at this point in time.
Moshe Gavrielov: So, the 20-nanometer, both families are now available. The initial tape out was of Kintex, that is moving into production and we're sampling the Virtex product line. We're -- and the feedback we have is that we have a minimum of a six month's lead based on any competitive product. On the 16-nanometer -- this is FinFET, we're on schedule to tape out in Q1 of calendar year 2015. And what has happened is that we have revised our roadmap to better align with customer requirements and specifications. So, originally, we had expected to tape out by the end of the year. We're now expecting to tape out our first 16-nanometer device in the first quarter of 2015.
Moshe Gavrielov: We continue to be supremely confident in our market share position on 28-nanometer, in particular on China LTE, nothing has changed in that regard, best we call tell.
Moshe Gavrielov: So, no, we've -- we anticipated the potential of having this not look like a 3G rollout, meaning it was going to go a lot faster and so we had built up safety stock which is why our inventory balances are higher than we would normally have them. So we have built up in advance and we communicated to the customers that we had adequate supply to meet their forecast. And that -- in the end, they took whatever they thought they wanted to have and in some cases we believe they took more of our inventory than they actually ultimately needed.
Moshe Gavrielov: I don’t see -- there were no signs and no -- nothing that, I think, we could have done any differently on the inventory front.
Jon Olson: Yeah. Jim, I think this past quarter, our fiscal Q1 quarter was little more on the inventory side as, I think you recall, we had a huge shipment to them in the March quarter and some of the -- the situation with supply chain overall with other suppliers certainly has challenged some of the OEMs in China.  So, I think I would characterize our fiscal Q1 as being a little more on the supply side and the fiscal Q2 more -- a little more being on the delay side of when phase III is going to hit, although there is still little bit of inventory rebalancing going on in that.  So, it's probably the -- I don’t know if I can really handicap a percentage, but each of those quarters but that’s how I would describe it. 
Jon Olson: Well, I do think that they were trying to make -- generally trying to get their supply chain solidified and they have placed orders on us to make sure that we have supply and in some cases they took that. They took those parts though, if they wouldn’t get -- if they were short of some of other parts that they kept, then I would say, yes, they are -- in some cases have been ordering partial kits, if you will, to make sure that they could try to build when they got the full building materials.
Jon Olson: Yeah, so our best information is they are in -- have been through this June period in the neighborhood of 300,000 base stations built from the China Mobile perspective. And I think some of the differences in our thought process is when they were going to beyond the 400-500 into the next phase and that seems to have pushed out into calendar 2015 now. And so think they are in the process of getting to their 400-500 between now and the end of the calendar year. And then with respect to FD, the FD phase is still not well understood in terms of when that will begin. We're still counting on that to have some impact for us in our December quarter as builds will happen ahead of deployment, obviously.
Jon Olson: Yeah, I think it's really talking to -- individually to each of the customers and the carriers. We've had multiple visits over the last three weeks and that -- of both the manufacturers and the carriers and this is our best sense of what's going on.  I mean, as inventory is depleted the kits are fully deployed as the shortages dry up than we would expect a rebound from that and then also an impact for Phase III which is the next way from China Mobile. So those two effects together should provide us a second half increase.
Jon Olson: Yeah, Chris. If I can add another little color to that, if you think about what's happened here in this flat spot on 28-nanometer, it's really been driven very largely by Kintex the mid-range because of China Wireless where we have very, very strong market share, which we still -- I believe we'll be maintaining throughout this particular cycle. And if you look inside some of the other product families, as well, test and measurement was down some, and so that impacted the very high end of Virtex. But the other, broad based Virtex parts grew quite nicely throughout the quarter, which is one of the reasons our wired business is up, as well. So, we’re getting really good traction across the Board in our product families in 28-nanometer. And what you're really seeing is the effect of China on the Kintex family, which takes so many parts into the radios and base bands.
Jon Olson: Yes, as I said, 68% to 70% is still our full year forecast. And I think when we talked about this a quarter ago, we did talk about the potential of having it hit 70% at some point, depending on what mix is going on there. We’re forecasting to be at the top end of the range in our fiscal Q2 and it will be mix-dependent. So, for example, if wireless ticks up, it will have some downward pressure. So, it really depends on the mix of other customers or other end markets, whether it's sustained, but, again, our forecast is to be in the 68% to 70% range.
Jon Olson: Yes, so we've taken a position, as I said in the remarks, to be at the low end of our previous range. We're certainly looking broadly across the company for, I would say, typical kind of belt-tightening opportunities to help balance out some of the top line change and therefore, overall profitability changes in our full year outlook. However, we remain committed to developing -- to continue the 20-nanometer and 16-nanometer development programs. We will not be slowing those down and cutting those back. So, we have some other things that are under consideration and we're looking at as alternatives if we need to do something. But we aren't going to change our fundamental approach of developing and getting new technology out as fast as possible.
Jon Olson: Yes, we believe that there will be a bias towards conversion of certain sockets that are in older technologies at 28-nanometer in certain manufacturers in China, which is to our benefit. So, I think that premise is still what we believe and the same premise that we've had all along. We do believe that as the year moves forward, we'll continue to gain a little more share there.
Jon Olson: Well, I think the unique part, Anil, was a little more the shortage issue and I think, the supply chain dynamic with the Chinese manufacturers to make sure they could secure enough supply from people. And we got caught in the -- we built a lot; they took a lot. And some of the other suppliers didn't build up to the request and so we're getting the effect of that. Is this different than the past? I don't know how to compare it to any point in time in the future -- or excuse me, in the past, relative to that. It is what it is right now. I don't know that I can compare it to the 3G wave in any way.
Jon Olson: Yes, well, our best understanding of this is at the OEM manufacturer, whether they're doing it themselves or they're using a contract manufacturer. And the portion where they're waiting for other components, that's where that sits. Relative to how many base stations are sitting in OEMs' warehouses; I really don't have a good view of that. I think that is not as big of an issue after we work through the early part of the summer than it was before that beforehand.
Jon Olson: Yes, the inventory build did not help gross margin, in our case, since we do purchase wafers and have them assembled and tested. The inventory was really representing the cost of the work in process of the wafers we purchased. So, we don't have any spending that gets built up in inventory as a result of factory expenses, if you will, because we're on our purchase price variance issue -- or variance process with the wafer purchases. So, that was not the driver. The driver on a quarter-to-quarter basis was cost reductions with lower yield. So, we were essentially purchasing units, if you will, or the cost of the unit was lower on a quarter-on-quarter basis. So that's why there was a quarter-to-quarter improvement. And then versus our expectations for the quarter, it was really more around mix. We sold less into the wireless business than we had anticipated and more into a few other end markets that pushed gross margin up a little.
Jon Olson: Yes, I don't know what others are going to say, quite frankly. And I think what we're calling a pause is from -- there's two things going on here again, John. One is there was a lot of inventory -- Xilinx inventory, purchased by the OEMs that was built up. And there's not a total match in their supply chain for what they're doing. So, that's part of the story. The second part of the story around a pause, it was a pause for us versus our expectations. I think, as Moshe characterized a little earlier, there was a view that there was going to be a very, very rapid deployment in China. And this Phase III that we're talking about, we thought was going to happen a quarter or so sooner than it actually is happening. Whether we were misinformed or what other companies think about that, I really can't comment on that. I really don't know that. But I do know, versus our expectations, its coming -- this Phase III is coming later than we had anticipated.
Jon Olson: Yes, I don't know that I can -- I haven't really studied exactly where the peak is at what level. But I think we're going to see a very significant increase because of these key programs that we know that are on the books to spend the money this quarter in aerospace and defense. Last quarter there was a lot of trying to understand why we were an outlier on the pure industrial, scientific, and medical side. That rebounded very nicely. We do expect that to be strong again in the September quarter, with aerospace and defense on top of it growing very significantly. Not sure that we'll get to a peak. But it will certainly be back on -- in that neighborhood, if you will, in that general range, in the September quarter.
Jon Olson: It's really -- it's very different by manufacturer. I think we've said in the past, we've won about 80% of the sockets. How long certain manufacturers -- the ones that are still using older technologies, hang onto older technologies, it's hard to -- from a China perspective -- is hard to handicap, quite frankly. I would say the lion's share of what's shipped in China is certainly 28-nanometer.
Jon Olson: Yes, I think on the -- what we're counting on and the second half is clearly the Phase III build to start happening for China Mobile, which is still TD. And we're counting on, I would say, a modest beginning of the FD cycle.
Jon Olson: In terms of numbers of base stations on FD, I think we're talking about, over the cycle and the time period, to be approaching 0.5 million, but this is just going to be the beginning of that. And as Moshe talked about, later this continues on a more steady basis through 2015 and 2016.
Jon Olson: Well, March was such a crescendo, and June was down from that in China, so I don't know what normalized is, Vivek. I hesitate to make a statement and mislead you, because I'm not even sure what's normalized. The variability around the China business is continued. We do expect both the December and March quarter to be larger -- excuse me, the December to March quarter to be larger than September. Will it be larger -- and probably larger than the June quarter as well, but I don't know how to answer the normalized part of it.
Jon Olson: Not really. I think there was probably some pressure around pricing from a perspective of holding onto older technologies and delaying the conversion to 28-nanometer, which would've been to our benefit. And there's been a little bit more of that activity going on. But I wouldn’t call it so severe that it really changes our expectations that much. But, nothing really on 28-nanometer competitive front that’s different than our previous expectations.
Jon Olson: Yeah, individual customers has always a period of where they particularly -- they take inventory to do proto builds before they go get certified. Again, this is heavy -- I'm talking about wired communications equipment that requires all those certifications. So there is always some lumpiness, if you will, in an individual customer. But we've seen a couple of really strong quarters out of wired, strong quarters out of our 28-nanometer product family, which again is a very positive sign for us in converting sockets that were previously ASICs and ASSPs to FPGAs. All those things are on track. We really aren’t seeing in other end markets any appreciable inventory build I would say on an industry wide basis. And again, individual customers can have their particular issues from time-to-time.
Jon Olson: Well, clearly, part of our explanation for the March quarter was -- and industrial, scientific and medical was related to some key customers that had inventory build-up that they were bleeding off. And then those customers bought inventory this past quarter, the June quarter.  And so we did experience that and that was the reason that we were different, I think, than some of our peers. It was customer -- specific customer related more than anything else. At this point in time we aren’t seeing any real build up in the ISM category. And a Aerospace, defense is all program related really, so it's not the same kind of a business model.
Jon Olson: Yeah, Romit, it's very interesting observation. You've kind of put a mirror right up to us here on that one. And you are right, we have missed, and it's really -- quite frankly, it's been in two areas, and the two areas we talk about this time, China LTE and aerospace and defense. And we have certainly ridden a bit of this roller coaster on the China LTE business, pretty much everything else we have relative to our end markets and other plans that we have made for the year seem to be working out just fine, but those two end markets have been difficult for us.  Aerospace and defense, while it does have a seasonal attribute to it where it’s typically lower in this summer like it is now and then accelerates in September and December. It has been a little more pronounced. And as we came off the Defense Department budget changes and before that the sequestration issue, there has been a lot of churn going on with respect to military contractors and the quality of some of the forecasts that, you know, we have been less than to our expectations.  And so, I don’t think it’s really any other broad base end market issue or customer issue, but we have struggled in getting to those forecast for China LTE and aerospace and defense in the last two or three quarters. And that pretty much explains why we've either missed or been at the low end of our range. 
Jon Olson: Yeah, from my perspective, it’s to me -- this is -- these are the kind of things CFOs do think about a lot and try to figure out what's really going on and what's our trajectory level. And while, we can talk about design wins and how big the dollars are and all of those kinds of things, it’s really around what are the big customer drivers, the big sockets that we have that should be delivering that kind of expansion to our SAM. And these are the sockets that are not traditionally FPGAs that we have won. And so I have gone back and I have checked on all of those businesses particularly in the wired area. Other end markets like test and measurement are going gangbusters on 28-nanometer. That's not really the issue. The growth is that communications side really, in a lot of places wireless and wired. And in every case the conversion and the SAM expansion activities that we have claimed are still on track. It's just happening slower than anticipated. So, that's what gives me confidence. I can't -- I don’t know how to communicate that to the audience here in any different way, other than a tremendous amount of activity tracking what we think are the key differentiators that are going to result in SAM expansion for us. And we really aren’t losing shares of 28-nanometer. If anything we are accelerating and winning more in the design win particularly in the SoC-based product and in wired communications side.
Jon Olson: Yes, I think I would trying -- at least, if I understand the question correctly, Tristan, I was trying to answer that earlier in the call around the inventory imbalance that drove probably more of our issues in the June quarter overall, meaning the inventory balance of other component suppliers into the OEM, and the September quarter was more about the pace and the digestion of base stations in terms of the rollout for us.  So it is a combination of both. And again, I think, in the earlier part of the summer, it’s really more around the component balancing at our customers' inventory.
