Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Thank you, Matt, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm delighted that our effort to drive growth in our core markets has delivered record revenue and EPS for the quarter. The June quarter revenues of $684 million were up 14% year over year, with growth across the majority of our business as six of our nine end markets increased in the quarter. Our strategy to drive accelerated top line growth is delivering results. We're confident we can build on the momentum we established in Q1 through the rest of the fiscal year. Consequently, we are raising our guidance for the full year based on the strength of our business across multiple end markets, including the Data Center and TME market and the communications market. Lorenzo will discuss both the fiscal second quarter and the full year guidance in his remarks. We made significant progress on our Data Center strategy, getting key design wins from hyperscalers in acceleration use cases beyond FPGA as a Service or FAAS. On the FAAS front, Huawei announced general access to their FAAS offering. We also continued the expansion of our software ecosystem with an additional 500 AWS F1 developers trained in the quarter, bringing the cumulative number of trained developers to over 900. On the inorganic front, we acquired DeePhi Tech, which significantly strengthens our capability in artificial intelligence from the cloud to the edge. DeePhi is a Beijing-based company with industry-leading capabilities in AI, specializing in compression, pruning and system-level optimizations of deep neural network. We also made multiple investments during the quarter in our applications ecosystem across a breadth of apps, including data analytics, video transcoding, and network intelligence. Lastly, on the Data Center, we see very strong early interest in the Data Center boards offering we plan to launch later this year, as we shared at our Analyst Day in May. Our transformation from an FPGA company to a platform company, which began when we introduced the 28 nanometer Zynq family, continues to build momentum with our 16 nanometer Zynq MPSoC and, most recently, our disruptive 16 nanometer Zynq RFSoC products. Our first and second generation Zynq products achieved a new sales record in the June quarter, growing 76% from the year ago quarter, and now represents 17% of total sales. This growth was driven by a broad set of applications in the automotive, industrial, communications, and Data Center markets. We're extremely excited about our RFSoC products that are now shipping in production and have very strong design-in momentum with approximately 60 active customers. An example of our momentum in the automotive market is our recent announcement with Daimler AG of our collaboration on a custom AI inference platform for their future vehicles. This custom solution is built on top of a Xilinx automotive platform consisting of MPSoC devices, AI acceleration, IP and software. This scalable solution delivers high performance with low latency, and exceptional power efficiency for automotive applications with embedded AI. The partnership is going extremely well and is another milestone in our long history in the automotive business. We have cumulatively shipped more than 50 million units of ADAS into the automotive OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers. Our sustained excellence in innovation and execution is driving momentum across multiple end markets, as demonstrated in our June results. We're also delighted that a constructive resolution to the Department of Commerce ruling on ZTE has been reached. Accordingly, we plan to resume shipments to ZTE this quarter. Lorenzo will share more details on how this factors into the September quarter as well as our full year guidance. While we're very pleased with our latest results, we remain intensely focused on executing on the three elements of our strategy; driving significant growth in the Data Center, accelerating growth in our core end markets, and driving adaptive computing. We are absolutely committed to the sustained long-term growth of our business and delivering value to the shareholders. Now, I'll turn it over to Lorenzo.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah. Joe, DeePhi, as you probably know since you'd spoken to them, they've been using our platforms since the beginning, and achieving excellent results, (16:06) using their technology. They've grown quite a bit and they have expertise, of course, primarily in the DNN. But also, they got really good expertise in a variety of disciplines, the tools, the compilers, everything. So, it really does segue into the second part of your question, match very well, clearly, I think, with our strategy. Not only because we had applied, of course, all of this technology in the cloud, but as you probably noticed, they actually have a good presence at the edge applications, many different camera applications. And we've already done a fair amount of joint marketing together with them with some of our customers. They've also got, as you'd imagine, good connections and opportunities in China, but we've worked with them very significantly with multinational companies and various different industries, Data Centers, as well as things like automotive. So, it matches really well, and it's a good example. I know people have been asking questions around what our thoughts are on our M&A, and I think this is a good example of how we believe, which we said, right, in the Analyst Day, that anything we would do would have a really strong connection to our stated strategy.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: I mean, everything that Lorenzo said is true. I mean, we – ZTE is a factor, but you shouldn't read into it. It's just ZTE coming in. As we said, if you even look at the quarter we just ended, wireless was stronger than we thought, and that was without ZTE. So, yes, this is pretty broad, which is part of the reason why I have such good confidence in wanting to raise the overall outlook.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Sure. Look, as we shared in the Analyst Day, we are going to sell industry standard boards into the Data Center, because it's a very standards-driven form factor, and we see that as a win-win because, of course, we add more value to the customers on our solution. We also speed their ability to get their key IP and differentiation out on the market without having to deal with a lot of the basic system level issues that will build into the board. Our internal projections on when that might be, perhaps we will conservative, because it's new territory for us; and what we're just getting is, in the early engagements with customers, quite a strong amount of interest. And our sales team is pretty excited. So, we do expect that will probably come out a little bit stronger than our internal expectations which, to be honest, is relatively modest since we're just getting into it. So, that's one aspect of it. I think the other aspect of what does it mean about increasing developers and the investments we made in the applications ecosystem and then, for that matter, the DeePhi acquisition, I mean, we've said all along that while we're seeing good percentage growth in the core Data Center business, it's starting from a small base. So, this year, it's really all about, right, building on the foundation, driving the ecosystem, driving broader understanding, adoption, as well as the development we're working together with us as well as our FAAS partnerships to lower the barrier for use, improving the ease of use. Next year, we definitely think this is going to roll up into more material revenue, and continue the growth path that we do see. So, what you should take away with these other metrics is that we don't want to emphasize the revenue in this year because we are building up that foundation. Again, frankly, on a percentage basis, it's a good sized percentage, but it's starting from a small base. So, what we're trying to share with you – we got a lot of feedback we're trying to share with you – other metrics for progress that we're getting, right? So – and I certainly do think it's meaningful, right, because once these developers are trained on the platform, then over time, you'll see a whole lot more innovation going on on our platform.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: From a revenue perspective, I mean, they don't have any material revenue. So, I don't think that has anything to do with it. It does position us very well for FY 2020 and beyond. We're getting excellent – even before when we're separate – again, as we said, we did some co-marketing with a number of customers, and the technology really, really gets attention. So, we absolutely do see this being – bolstering our business, but for the current quarter – I mean, excuse me – fiscal year, we don't – there's no material add.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah. I think the thing about that segment is it's very, very broad. Even if we looked at each sub-segment, like the Industrial piece, the A&D piece, it's very broad. So, I would say, one kind of common trend again, and I – we kind of rolled this up, is we're seeing such a good strength in Zynq-based products and people moving to platforms. Nobody's doing custom point solutions. They all want to build things that they could scale across their product line. There – some of these areas aren't extremely fast moving, but they really now, after going through the first-generation Zynq, we're seeing that ramp up and we're seeing a lot of design wins and a faster adoption on the second generation with the MPSoC. I think in the Aerospace & Defense area, it's also good to see they are beginning to adopt more advanced technology on a more rapid basis. And I know I've talked to a number of both – and officials in the services, as well as, of course, their supply chain, our direct customers, and it's pretty consistent of them wanting to have shorter development cycles, adopt much of the latest technologies. So, that's all good. I think MPSoC is clear again on the platform, but RFSoC also has – and we're in the early stages of that, but we really do see that being a very, very disruptive product, right? I think it will be at the same kind of level of change over time, right, as the original first Zynq. So, really advanced ADC, and WAF technology integrated into very bleeding edge digital has got incredible excitement in the customers, so.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah. So, to more directly answer the last part of your question, it's definitely sustainable although, as Lorenzo points out, quarter to quarter you might see some dips. Like last quarter was extremely strong, this quarter will be slightly down. Overall the integrated view is it's up and sustained.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: Yeah. We actually expect now that Communications will be up, not just getting back to being flat. As we said a little while ago, some of it is ZTE, but you shouldn't take away that it's all ZTE. And on the 5G, yes, we are seeing some early real deployments in 5G, maybe a little bit ahead of what we had expected. We still believe that the bulk of this will happen around the 2020 timeframe, but yes, it does seem like there are going to be some deployments earlier than that. And we have both MPSoC technology, as well as some of our pure FPGAs, as well as RFSoC technology going into those production deployments. So, that's a contributor. As we said also, Data Center, although it's small, it absolutely is growing, so that is contributing. So, it is broad market. It isn't just a single thing, certainly not singly just ZTE. So, we do see it turning from being a negative to a positive. And I guess what I'd say is that we don't share details about specific customer revenues. We had mentioned when the first thing – when this first broke out, the news around the denial order, that we don't have any 10% customers nor anybody who is really even close to that. Nevertheless, ZTE is an important customer, and now that we could resume shipment, that's contributing to that strength.
Victor Peng - Xilinx, Inc.: So, on that last note, let me just comment here that wireless specifically is generally very competitive. And so I don't think if you look at Communications as a whole, including wireless communications, I think the statement that wireless communications tends to be very margin rich is not the appropriate characterization, frankly. And on the Data Center side, it really depends. You have to remember that when we talk about Data Center, we have opportunities in compute, storage and networking. And depends on what the use case is, there are some good, healthy value that we can hold. In other cases, you have to compete for the business. So, yeah, I'd say that you have to be a little careful about historic, perhaps, margins versus where things are today.
Lorenzo A. Flores: No, I think that's a fair question, Blayne. I would answer part of your question directly, which is the reason we call it Channel is because the attribution to other end markets would be purely an estimate. And so we thought, for the purposes of transparency, we'd call it Channel. The other part of it, and on the broader and longer term perspective, we think our Channel partners are very important for us to drive growth across all of our end markets. And we know that their ability to support their customers is dependent upon their ability to service them. And so you would see the general trend of that grow with the overall business. It will be maybe a little bit up and down, but in general, it will trend with the business.
Lorenzo A. Flores: Yeah. So, I would add on that the growth in this business is very strong, as Victor said, based on a broad set of applications in Industrial, as well as a broadening of applications in Aerospace & Defense. A little bit of cautionary aspect to it would be some of the A&D business can be lumpy. It can come in big chunks, and so any quarter to quarter comparisons, you have to probably normalize for a longer term trend. But in the long-term, it's going to be very, very good business for us.
Lorenzo A. Flores: Yes, C.J., you've said correctly that we had guided it down, on the average 7%, at our Analyst Day. We now see it positive in the mid-single digits in Communications for both those end markets combined, and I won't repeat too much of what Victor said in terms of breadth, but it is significantly more than just our expectations for ZTE.
Lorenzo A. Flores: So – hey, Tristan. The observation that the guide is a little bit below where we ended up the second half of the year is correct, but I do think you have to put in perspective that the gross margin levels we attained as a company are really quite good, a result of the value we provide our customers, and how aggressively we're managing the cost side of it. So, we worked real hard. We think the 68.5% to 70.5%, I guess 71%, that we got at Analyst Day is quite strong performance in aggregate. It will move up and down, dependent on mix. But one of the premises you said, that particular Communications business is higher than average, you have to keep in mind we have a portfolio of customers and a portfolio of end markets, and the margin dynamics are very different with each of them. I wouldn't say we're passing up revenue growth opportunities with any sort of margin screen. We aggressively pursue all the business that we think we can get, so.
Lorenzo A. Flores: We might be a little up from that plan, but on the order of $10 million to $15 million, but nothing material. And it could be a little lumpy based on some of the – it's basically some building refresh projects we have going on. So, there's nothing significant.
Lorenzo A. Flores: Yeah, I'll talk about that. It was largely impacted by crypto. If you take out crypto, we actually grew. We grew high-single digits quarter to quarter and, I think, 40% year over year. So, very strong, again, but based on a small number. So, that was mainly crypto that took that segment down.
