Moshe N. Gavrielov: Thank you, John and good afternoon to you all. I am very pleased with how our second fiscal quarter turned out from all perspectives, including sales, operations, development, and ongoing cost controls. Definitely a great quarter by all these measures.  During the first half of calendar 2009, Xilinx revenue was driven primarily by our China wireless business. Now we are beginning to see a resurgence in nearly all of our other end markets, strong seasonal growth in our consumer business and with recovery in our industrial, scientific, and medical, automotive, test and measurement and data processing are very encouraging trends.  In the September quarter, we satisfied the majority of pent-up demand for Virtex-5 parts. We also accelerated our ongoing 65-nanometer wafer starts. We expect to build sufficient safety stock for Virtex-5 in the December ending quarter. The lead times for these devices are expected to return to normal levels. Consequently we are well-positioned to address our customers’ supply needs.  Our 65-nanometer leadership position is unparalleled. Virtex-5 continues to be the industry’s largest revenue generating FPGA family shipping today and demand for this product remains strong. Orders in backlog are broad-based across end markets and customers. We expect this family to continue to be the primary sales driver throughout both this fiscal year and next.  In the September quarter, Virtex-5 revenue surpassed 20% total sales and we estimate our 65-nanometer high-end FPGA market share to be over 80%. We expect to see additional growth from Virtex-5 sales in the December quarter as it is approaching $100 million per quarter, a sales milestone achieved by only two previous products in our history. We are building upon our Virtex-5 success with our next generation of FPGA products, Virtex-6 and Spartan-6. By applying all that we have learned from Virtex-5 near flawless execution, we expect the Virtex-6 family to have a faster ramp to volume production than Virtex-5. To date, we have met every key milestone with both our foundry partners, [inaudible] on 40-nanometer with Virtex-6 and Samsung on 45-nanometer with Spartan-6. We have significantly improved our development quality and turnaround cycles versus prior generation. Virtex-6 design wins are outpacing Virtex-5 design wins; at the same point in time, the number of opportunities identified is significantly greater.  I am very encouraged by our product positioning on the high-end of 40-nanometer Virtex-6 FPGA family extends our undisputed 65-nanometer leadership position. Building up on this success, Virtex-6 is the most complete full-featured high-end FPGA family on the market.  In addition, this quarter we announced support for our 11-gigahertz serial technology which is optimized for ultra high-end bandwidth systems in the wire telecommunication and data communications markets. In parallel, Spartan-6 is the industry’s only 45-nanometer high volume FPGA family and the only high-volume FPGA family with embedded transceiver technology. This is an incredibly key technology for Xilinx because it makes us far more competitive in the high-volume arena, as lower cost and lower power -- as the lowest cost and lowest power volume FPGA solution on the market, design wins for Spartan-6 are very strong. Spartan-6 LXD devices are currently being designed into our customer’s next generation products with design win strength coming from consumer, defense, and wired communication. Several Spartan-6 devices are currently shipping. We continue to hit the key milestones in our rollout with this product family.  I am delighted that our R&D success is being delivered while operating within a more financially disciplined environment. We are delivering on our commitment to return more value to our shareholders. The increase in our quarterly dividend this quarter is yet another way that Xilinx is creating additional shareholder value.  To summarize, I am extremely pleased with our performance this quarter and the excellent execution on all fronts. As John mentioned earlier, our backlog position entering the December quarter is strong. In our outlook, we believe we have appropriately taken into account changes in consumer ordering patterns due to tightening capacity across the semiconductor industry.  Our exceptionally strong new product portfolio positions us to further capitalize on future growth opportunities. These are presented both by the recovering economy as well as the more favorable competitive positioning. This relates both to markets historically serviced broadly by ASICS and selectively in some segments by ASSPs. Now let me turn the call back to the Operator to open it up for the Q&A session. 
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Okay. Well, we -- no, as I mentioned, we are doing really well on all of the deliverables in the Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 programs are on schedule and they are expected to move into production by the end of this fiscal year or earlier.  And then obviously we do all of the programs staggered in time, so we are working on numerous generations of products in parallel and so the next -- we are working on the generation beyond the 40-nanometer as we speak and most of our engineering resources have already moved to implement the new generation of product. 
Moshe N. Gavrielov: John, why don’t you do the confidence thing and then I’ll think about comparing it with 2003. I assume that the veterans is a euphemism for being old, but I’ll take the compliment. 
Moshe N. Gavrielov: And when I compare this downturn to the previous one, the previous large one, what we -- what characterized that downturn was it was narrow in terms of the applications and it was primarily communications driven but also there was a huge build-up of inventory and to some extent, if you look at the current recovery, the downturn was broad but we are seeing now thankfully broader recovery in numerous areas, so that is good. What didn’t happen this downturn is there wasn’t any huge multi-year inventory build-up and that build-up in the year 2000 was driven by the fact that communications was assumed to continue to grow at a very aggressive compound rate and when we went into this downturn, I think the expectations were a lot more rational and there was a huge focus on inventory management, maybe too much of a focus, hence there was some difficulty in addressing the recovery once it started. But we are seeing breadth now and -- which is encouraging and we are not seeing the issues with inventory that happened then.  Jon, do you want to add -- 
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Yes, let me answer that -- so this relates to what is happening at 40-nanometer and so a couple of things are happening. The first thing which I think is most important is that the 40-nanometer is really a transition point to where a larger, much larger number of applications cannot afford ASICS and are moving to FPGA so my expectation is that generally that transition is happening, we are seeing it across the board. Everything except ultra-high volume applications just need to -- if they won't differentiate the hardware, they go to FPGA. ASICS are no longer viable there, and so our expectation is that from 40-nanometer onward the market potential for FPGAs is growing.  Typically what we have seen in the past is we have had on the high-end 60% of the market, 65-nanometer was -- you know, there really was not very significant competition and our market share rose to 80%. Our expectation is as each of these new generations has a multi-year design in cycle and the designs don’t happen during six months or during a year of these products -- even for design-ins have a multi-year design-in cycle and that design-in cycle we expect to extend due to the transition away from ASICs. Our expectation is that we will have in excess of 50% of the market are traditional customers who have always gone with us, best we can tell are staying with us for most of their designs going forward.  So we view the 40-nanometer node both on the Virtex and in particular also on the Spartan side as a very attractive node for Xilinx. 
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Hans, every process node we look at everyone how is available and trust me, they all want do business with Xilinx and we choose who are the best partners based on having the technology, having the right commercial arrangements, and so we are very good at doing this. We’ve done it several times very successfully and we’ve managed to demonstrate leadership throughout, so no, at any point we feel very comfortable in our ability to use the best foundries available. We don’t have anything to announce at this point in time. When we do decide and we will roll it out, we’ll definitely figure out who the right foundry partners are and communicate that. 
Moshe N. Gavrielov: And with regard to your question on the breadth, no, there was a period of time during the downturn where there were two sources of light at the end of the tunnel. One was Chinese wireless and the other was [AND] and in reality, most if not all other markets were suffering and shrinking. They hadn’t gone away but they were down significantly.  What we are seeing now is across the board, across all of our markets and across all of our geographies and the numbers Jon has shared with you we are seeing much better results and we are seeing a recovery in terms of orders and so it went down and there were two points of light and now it’s coming across -- it’s coming back up and there’s significant light in all areas at this point and significant interest and a lot of shipments in all of our markets. 
Jon A. Olson: There is a lot of dynamics going on right now, particularly one of the things we’ve learned in the recession is there isn’t anything that’s typical about much of what’s been going on in our business from a lot of perspectives. And in margin, in the margin area, we certainly have been impacted by a customer mix situation in this recession, meaning the small and medium sized customers have not -- you know, went away in larger percentages and proportions than the large customers. And this quarter we saw a slight improvement there, meaning that we got some business increase disproportionately from the medium-sized and small customers and I think as that mix improves, assuming it does depending on how the recovery of the recession is, I think that’s going to be an upward pressure on our margins.  At the same time, there was always a product mix going on, depending on what’s going on out there. We continue to work very strongly towards cost reduction activities on both the new products coming out as well as our V4 and V5 product line that is generating so much of our profit at the company and we will continue to improve those margins out in time, which then also should help our margins go up.  We are committed to our 63% to 65% range in our model and so we are working towards that. 
Jon A. Olson: The confidence in our December quarter I think is quite high, as we sit here. Going into the quarter with a strong backlog that we have and then knowing that the breadth of end markets that we have booked relative to I would say what had been holding us up for the most part this calendar year has been wireless business and to some extent, aerospace and defense. And we are certainly seeing strength in a variety of different areas and a broader base of customers coming for increased orders. You know, the enterprise network business is pretty significant for us and we certainly have seen strength of late in there, both a little bit this past quarter and in our booking patterns going forward for the December quarter.  So quite frankly, we are feeling pretty good as we sit here right now in the position, even though there are still a lot of turns dollars that have to be booked but by and large our confidence is pretty high for the quarter. 
Jon A. Olson: I think from an internal Xilinx perspective, I’ve been here since the middle of ’05, we’ve certainly focused a lot more on the supply chain, both backwards to us but also forward looking through our customers and we really tightened up the signals, shortened them up and I think some of the impact that impacted Xilinx back between 2001, 2003 not just because of the over-supply, it was also Xilinx's inability to get the right mix of product and inventory and we’ve leaned that out tremendously and we have much better systems now to manage those kinds of things and our customers are much -- we’re much tighter to them and it just feels like we know what’s going on a lot better than maybe we did three or four, five years ago. 
Jon A. Olson: Today this business is largely been bounced around by what’s going on with GDP and with the -- what’s been going on in the server space. We don’t have -- we haven’t had for a couple of years a very strong penetration into the pure storage business and so mostly we are ancillary devices in -- somewhere in this chain of servers or processing and storage kinds of devices.  Of late there has been a resurgence of penetration into some new technologies, solid state memory going into the mass storage market for network attached devices, et cetera. And we’ve been participating pretty heavily in that particular segment as a controller device in there and that is actually providing a lot more value in the value chain then maybe the more common glue logic, so it has been a decreasing emphasis of ours over the last few years in terms of trying to find a new opportunity there, mostly because there is not -- it’s not a rich area for SOC kinds of things where we have primarily been focused on.  That being said, we found several opportunities there and I really can't say if it’s ever going to return back to the levels that it did before or not but I think we will always participate in that segment at some level. 
Jon A. Olson: The things that are in there, the zero cost inventory was not super significant but we are talking about in the neighborhood of less than a half a margin point but still positive there, so it’s not something that is likely going to repeat itself. It just happened to be some devices that we found homes for that we didn’t think we were going to find some homes for and managed to sell through. 
Jon A. Olson: I saw the wireless statements for December, so yes, the interpretation of what I said on the breather means it is going to be -- our wireless business in total will be lower in December, we believe, than September, and that’s driven by the ending or the ramp-down of phase 3 of the TDS CDMA rollout not being offset by additional devices we’re selling into the wide band CDMA business segment. So we are -- overall our total 3G number will be down and for the most part, that’s been driven by China and not by anything else going on the rest of the world. And we do believe that next quarter that our wired business driven primarily by enterprise network activities will increase. Beyond December, we’re really not making a call, other than from the wireless business from China. We do anticipate next year that phase 4 is going to be happening. We have been very active in quoting there’s no -- anything significant in our backlog for that yet and so it’s just really too early to tell exactly when that is going to start and come in, so we are not talking about that at this point.  The turns piece are definitely lower than our run-rate and I think that’s a combination of the fact that our lead times for the last several months have been longer because of the supply constraints and we believe there has been some early positioning in our backlog, therefore we don’t think turns levels will be back I would say to our historic norm of the mid to high 60s in this particular quarter.  Our lead times -- I want to be clear though -- by the end of this quarter our lead times are going to be back to normal more -- pretty much broadly four week lead times as the safety stock will be built up.  Your third question is around share count. 
Jon A. Olson: Based on the quotes, you would say it’s an equal or maybe even slightly larger than phase three but that doesn’t -- just because they are asking us to quote certain volumes over certain time periods doesn’t necessarily guarantee that’s the case but the way the quote activity is shaking up and is shaking out on the size of the orders for us, if those would come in based on those quotes, we think we’d be equal or greater. Some of that could be penetration also and higher penetration into the base stations, for example, of FPGAs versus alternatives that they have. 
Jon A. Olson: On the OpEx number, I wouldn’t characterize the 160 as the right place to be, so we had talked about 186 is our forecast for December and in that 186 was $8 million of impact, approximately, from the extra week and then we would see mass costs, which are still significant, in the March quarter decline $3 million to $5 million, so that essentially takes $12 million reduction off the 186 and that puts you in the range of 170 to 175, all things being equal. We still have quite a bit of mass costs going on in the March quarter, so the trend has been up -- this is the peak quarter coming up in December, then we’ll decline in March and next fiscal year there should be a lower mass cost profile for the company in total. 
Jon A. Olson: Chris, before you ask me a question, I want to answer the second question that Jim asked around the small customer increase in December, so yes because of the broad base around our end markets growth that we think we will have next quarter, I would anticipate small and medium sized customers to grow.  All right, Chris, sorry. 
Jon A. Olson: I think we had some devices that were 14, 16 weeks, that kind of range. Again, not all devices -- this was a handful of V5 or maybe a dozen in the peak of V5s that we had this issue with and it stretched out to be in the 14, 16 week category and then we’ve moved them back some and then by -- basically by the end of December we’ll be back to four weeks pretty broadly. 
Jon A. Olson: I don’t really want to venture an answer on that and get too specific because of the dynamics of product mix and customer mix and the fact that the recovery, if it happens as interestingly as the recession hit us, it’s really difficult to forecast kind of quarter by quarter going forward. I would anticipate a -- like I said, a positive contribution from the customer mix and a positive contribution from continued cost reduction and we have quite a few cost reduction programs lined up with contribution scheduled over the next four quarters, so I’m hopeful it will keep moving up but it’s too hard to know for sure. 
Jon A. Olson: So David, on the first one on product mix, well clearly the introduction of a new product family, and in our case two new product families, doesn’t -- those products don’t come out of the chute with high margins and it’s dependent on how many units we put through and how much yield earnings is going on and all the classic things, so yes, just categorically they are a drag on our overall margin but at the same time, I want to remind you that Virtex-5 is a huge contributor to our profits and we’ve been doing a really good job of increasing our yields there and improving margins there and there is more capability to do that in our -- we would do everything we can to try to help make sure that offset any of the decline and hopefully even make up more than that through a broad-based cost improvement. So it is a fact that product mix has a downward pressure but we have a lot of other things we are working on to try to offset that and improve margins overall.  On the large customer versus small customer mix, I think the way I characterized it in the past is we look at our top 50 customers and describe how much our top -- how much revenue is defined by our top 50 customers and we’ve been -- in the worst point we’ve been in in the recession, it’s been in the low 60s, low 60% number and it’s starting to move its way back up a little bit. So you can do the math on that. 
Jon A. Olson: Well, I don’t think having 14 weeks in December has much to do at all with March, other than there’s a few percentage points of revenue maybe that we are getting out of it. You know, when you look at the way the calendar has worked for us, our 14-week ends on January 2nd, so essentially we’ve gotten our calendar back to more normal and closer to the monthly cycle. So in and of itself, I don’t think it’s a huge detractor or contributor to any change one way or the other.  Basically it’s way too early to understand how this recovery is going to impact us. There’s no seasonal patterns anymore, it seemed like. I mean, what we would have normally anticipated for a September based on seasonal or December on a seasonal seems to be kind of out the window. We’re not growing a few percentage points in the recovery -- we’re growing 10 in each of these quarters, or eight and 10 and eight respectively and that’s really not what you would look historically about the company.  So it’s really hard to say gee, our normal seasonal pattern is up in March and you know, you can count on us being up because I don’t know if that is the case or not. 
Jon A. Olson: I don’t know about the budget flush issue. I think one of the things that is encouraging in the wireline area is that some of our medium-sized customers there are forecasted to order more parts, which would indicate that there’s more breadth going on in the wireline than just the networking people holding us up. And so that’s kind of encouraging from that perspective. So it does feel like this isn’t just the network guys getting better and starting to sell more products through. It does feel like there’s a little more breadth going on. 
Jon A. Olson: Defense was up some in the September quarter and we are really not anticipating it to grow I would say to our typical rate of increase in the December quarter, and that’s really predicated on a few specific programs that we’ve been monitoring and the buying patterns, and maybe some of that is explained by getting caught up in some of the program budget changes going on in the Department of Defense, even though we believe over the long haul we are a net benefactor from some of those changes. In the short-run, that could be part of the explanation. I’m really not sure of that.  So we are expecting I would say a flat to modest increase in defense in the December quarter, but not our usual jump up. 
Jon A. Olson: I don’t think we are really seeing any tightness in overall wafer supply now that we are -- you know, we started a huge number of wafers and we feel that we are going to be caught up this quarter pretty much. We don’t see to be having an issue getting any starts for this quarter. It will be delivered into the March quarter, so we are really not experiencing any significant tightness there. And the pricing patterns really haven’t changed a great deal either. I mean, we negotiate on a multiple rolling quarters going forward and we typically have price declines as technologies become more mature every quarter or every other quarter and those have continued per our roadmap and our budgetary negotiated prices.  So we are not experiencing anything there that’s detrimental. David Wong – Wachovia Wells Fargo: Thanks. 
Jon A. Olson: From the wireless perspective, I would say we are average to above average book for the quarter business for the December quarter. I think some of the strength that we’ve seen or some of the issues around our long lead times earlier over the last few months has caused them to do some early booking and some of that would be in the wireless business, hence our lower turns number.  The 14-week, I don’t think that has a huge impact, again because we’ve encompassed both the Christmas and New Year’s week in this 14-weeks and it’s just kind of -- you know, typically we’ve been relatively slow in at least one of those two weeks, pretty slow in one of those two weeks and historically and so that is why we are counting on it to be a small impact.  Lead times, I’d say the only thing that we might be experiencing that’s considered more tightness on lead times has been in the assembly and test areas. We’ve been pretty clear as we’ve gone through our transition of moving more tests to outsource, as we’ve described in our restructuring of the company a couple of quarters ago, working very closely with suppliers, both assembly and test in this case in order to reestablish our volume expectations there. And I think because we were very early in going through all that, we certainly aren’t experiencing any issues with respect to Xilinx builds going on but I think there is a sense that there’s more tightness going on overall in that part of the supply chain. 
Jon A. Olson: Yeah, on the V5, let’s start with the V5 cost-savings -- I mean, every point of yield that you can lower, you know, we’re talking about $1 million or more than you can benefit yourself, right? So there’s -- at this stage of our volume, in terms of cost of goods sold, so the more we can work on these things and find improvements, not just back at the fab but anywhere in terms of cost reduction, in terms of negotiating better prices with suppliers on substrates and packages and things like that, it’s really a full court press that could -- you know, that can contribute these things and we are certainly aware that with new technologies coming on, that there’s going to be downward pressure with product mix and we need to find ways to offset this to support our business model.  I’m not -- I don’t know that this is any -- usually different than maybe some past generations but we certainly are keenly aware of it and it’s a big focus of ours.  On the auto area in terms of the auto part of our business, we definitely had strength there and we do feel like we are returning from the depths of hardly anything, it seemed like, to some business there, which is good but it’s got to move up and down with the GDP and the automobile sales over the long haul. You know, the stimulus package obviously had some impact on builds of automobiles and I am sure we are participating in that but we are not expecting a sequential quarter after quarter increase necessarily in that part of the business. It will be choppy, I suspect. 
Jon A. Olson: Well, it is the turns considered in the full 14 week quarter. I haven’t tried to quite trace that through my head yet about what normalizing it to 13 weeks would be. I think the two factors that are impacting us on the lower turns assumption is the fact that we think we are reasonably booked going in and because of the long lead times that we had a couple of few months ago, and the fact that that last week isn’t -- that last week isn’t going to contribute very much. I think those are probably the biggest factors to why that number is lower than our historic. 
Jon A. Olson: The safety stock issue, I was referring to Xilinx's safety stock, which is generally typified by what we hold in tie banks, so the distributor safety stock issue isn’t really appropriate. Our distributor inventory is based on their order patterning and keeping them as lean as we possibly can jointly in order to reduce their working capital and to increase our flexibility in die bank to build the right part. So I was referring to Xilinx inventory, primarily die bank safety stock. 
Jon A. Olson: On the first one, we are really not characterizing our fiscal year ’11 yet in terms of mass costs but I would expect just generally the quarter following March, we would again see a similar kind of decline again that we did -- that I stated between December and March, so I think it will gradually come down over two or three quarters.  And then the 65-nanometer crossover with 90 -- is that what -- 
