Devinder Kumar: For Q4? Yeah. So Q4, it is up slightly based from our guidance, one point from Q3, and that's really product mix, higher margin from server, offset by semi-custom revenue also being higher going from Q3 to Q4. So we're very pleased with the progress in the gross margin. As you look at the Q3 results, up 440 basis points from last year, up 80 basis points last quarter, and the progression into Q4, obviously, driven by the server, our revenue growing. I'm very pleased with that also.
Devinder Kumar: I wouldn't say it, but I think is about managing the situation. As Lisa said, with the growth factors that we have, we expect to continue making progress from where we are currently and especially predicated on the competitive leadership products we have. We're very pleased with the progress we've made over the last few years. But without getting to specifics, I think you can assume that we continue to make progress with the mix of revenue, mix of products, and the competitive products that we are introducing also into 2022.
Devinder Kumar: If you're talking about the CG segment, it's investments, right? Some investments in R&D and go-to-market. Also, we have a lot of new products coming into 2022. There's expenditure involved ahead of the curve before you introduce the products in the next year. That's really what happened in the transition quarter-over-quarter.
Devinder Kumar: I think fundamentally, and what you observed is right, very disciplined from an OpEx standpoint. Investing in the growth is important. Many of the things that Lisa talked about earlier is all about growth in many different vectors. Obviously, that requires funding from an OpEx standpoint. Whether it's R&D, go-to-market, hiring, which we're doing from a viewpoint of the growth in the Company. I think from a modeling standpoint, a guidance standpoint, you can assume that the growth in OpEx will be lower in revenue. Margin continues to expand, OpEx flattish or even down. I mean, you can model it, but very disciplined on that standpoint, and making sure that we are investing for the growth is a top priority for us.
Lisa Su: Sure. So thanks, Vivek, for the question. I think overall, we're feeling very, very good about the server business or the data center market. I think from a market standpoint, we've seen a strong market here in 2021 in both cloud and enterprise, and we see that continuing into 2022. I think from a competitive position standpoint, I think Milan is extremely well-positioned, so we were very pleased with the adoption rate of Milan. We said that we expected it to grow faster than Rome, and it has.  So the crossover with Milan and Rome in the third quarter is an important metric for that. Going into the fourth quarter, we continue to see a strong environment. Then as the competitive environment goes into 2022, we always expect the competition to be strong, but our focus has been consistent execution of our roadmap, and we feel very good about the Zen 4 and Genoa. In 2022, I think we feel very good about the competitive positioning there, and we continue to believe that data center is most strategic part of our business, and we're making good progress with our customers and partners.
Lisa Su: Yeah. So, Vivek, what I would say there is, our business has been more cloud-weighted with the hyperscalers than enterprise, that continued here in the third quarter. I do believe that there is significant additional opportunity for us in the cloud. So as we work with these partners, it is about expansion of workloads. Really, there's more tailoring of workloads, as well as we go forward. Then, there's also just more customers and broader penetration in both Tier 1 and Tier 2 cloud, guys.  So I think that's a good market for us. On the enterprise side, I would say, we saw a very strong enterprise quarter here in the third quarter. I think the strength of Milan with our OEMs in terms of the breadth of the platforms is very good, and we're seeing a good traction with Fortune 1000 companies. So I would say, overall, I think we see a growth trajectory for both our cloud and enterprise business. I think in the enterprise, the key thing has been to get more familiarity with EPYC, and we've made very good progress there. So I feel very good about where that's going.
Lisa Su: Sure, Matt. So, again, what I would say is our data center business performed very well in the third quarter, that was across both cloud and enterprise. In cloud, that was across geographies. So we haven't seen anything particular as it relates to China or there. What I would say is, we continue to work with the breadth of customers, and we're in the process of really rolling out broader adoption across the customer set. So I think we saw a pretty normal environment for demand.
Lisa Su: Sure, Matt. So look, we've been working diligently on the closure of the Xilinx acquisition. I would say we're through the vast majority of what we need to do in the regulatory front. We're finishing up here and there's very good progress on the integration side. So we've done a lot on the integration. I think we're excited with the plans that we have. Then on the regulatory front, again, as I said in the prepared remarks, we've made good progress and we believe we're on track to close at the end of the year.
Lisa Su: Sure. So look, as you said, it's a little bit early to talk about 2022 quantitatively. I'll say qualitatively, look, we see a positive demand environment, and that's a market statement, but that's also an AMD statement, right? I think the strength of our product portfolio has multiple growth vectors. Data center continues to be a very important one for us. I think where we continue to make progress in the graphics market, and we think graphics is a good growth vector. Our console business, we would expect would be, I had mentioned earlier, that it'd be up in the fourth quarter and then we would expect it to be up in 2022, just given the strength of the demand environment there. So on the PC side, the comments I'll make on the PC side are, the end-user demand appears to be strong.  So there's a good amount of refresh going on, whether you're talking about consumer, high-end consumer, or commercial, or gaming. There are some supply constraints around matched sets that we believe will continue into the first half of the year. That being the case, what we're using from a planning assumption standpoint, is that the PC market maybe flattish as we go from 2021 into 2022. But even within that environment, we think there are opportunities for us to continue to grow. So, overall, I think we were very focused on execution, very focused on working with our customers to make sure that we're aligned with what they need, and overall feel very good about our product portfolio going into 2022.
Lisa Su: Okay. All right. Let me start. I want to make sure I answer all your questions. How is that? So look, on the revenue side, when we look at the sequential growth, this is about really supply chain optimization. We have been able to secure some additional supply given some of the work that we've been doing. We see strong demand across the board. But sequentially, what we're guiding to is stronger server demand, as well as gaming, and gaming includes the semi-custom game consoles, as well as our graphics business is doing quite well as well. Then in terms of the sequential margin, it's similar. I mean, we're having servers, some improved mix and graphics driving upside, and that's partially offset by the consoles which are below corporate average, but net-net, I think it's a positive sequential both on revenue and margin.
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Joe. Look, the graphics business did have a strong third quarter. I think that's true for graphics, gaming, as well as data center GPU. I think the portfolio that we have there with RDNA 2 had turned out really well, so we're pleased with how it's positioned competitively in the marketplace, and overall, gaming has been a secular trend that has continued with very strong demand. In terms of crypto, our view is that it's really negligible revenue for us in the third quarter. It's not a segment that we have been servicing. We've tried very much to try to keep our gaming graphics focused on gamers, and we were able to increase some of the supply for our graphics, and that's one of the reasons that we saw the sequential growth that we saw. Going into the fourth quarter next year, again, I think we see gaming overall as a strong segment for us, and the product set is very good. So we feel good about it.
Lisa Su: Sure, Aaron. So again, if you look at the overall growth that we had in 2021, I would say was actually quite balanced across all of our businesses. The Semi-Custom business was in the second year of ramp and demand has exceeded supply. We've been able to ramp that as we've gone through the year. As we look in to 2022, the historical view of game consoles has been year 4 is the peak, at least that's what it was in the last generation. What we expect in this generation is, again, very strong demand going into 2022. So we would expect it to grow into 2022, which would be the third year of the cycle, and then we'll see what happens after that. But overall, I think our view is we have a very balanced business with multiple growth drivers across data center, PCs, graphics, as well as consoles.
Lisa Su: Yeah. So, I mean, we've been working on ramping the supply chain really [Indiscernible] for more than a year if you think about the dynamics here. What I'd like to say is, overall, the demand has been very, very high. So the fact that we can grow revenue this year, 65% year-on-year, I think, is a testament to the supply chain work. I think if we had more supply, we could certainly ship more. That being the case, I think we're prioritizing in the most strategic segments, and we have invested significantly in capacity for additional capabilities. We'll see some of that come online as we go through 2022. We're going to continue to be aggressive to secure additional capacity because we believe our product portfolio will enable that growth.
Lisa Su: Yeah. There's a lot of various aspects to that, John, so let me try to take it in pieces. As it relates to current supply, I want to make sure that we're clear. I mean, we have brought on a tremendous amount of additional supply and that's part of the reason that we overachieved the Q3 results and then we guided higher in Q4. So I do think that we have done a lot of work on our supply chain. In the PC market, in particular, I think the market is not necessarily constrained on CPUs but more constrained on matched sets. So we're trying to ensure that we're not building inventory in the channel. That's part of the optimization that we do is to ensure that as we ship sell-in processors that we see matched sets to sell through.  From that standpoint, we think inventory is very healthy at the OEMs, and that's an important factor as we go into 2022. As it relates to what happens with the pricing environment as supply eases up, I think, right now what we see is, again, it's an environment where most people are prioritizing supply. As we go into 2022 though, I think this is all about the product and what we view is our focus in our product line has been moving up the stack, ensuring that we're providing significant value to our customers in terms of total cost of ownership on the server side and innovative features and capabilities on the PC side and the graphics side. We're going to continue to do that. I mean, we're excited about our product portfolio into 2022. We're going to continue to be very aggressive on the overall roadmap. With that, I think our game plan is exactly what it was, what it always has been, which is lean into the product cycle, and the deep customer relationships and continue to build that out over time.
Lisa Su: Yeah, Chris, I think it's a little bit early to talk about Q1. Let's see what would we say about seasonality. I don't have a lot to say other than, typically, Q1 is down from Q4. That's typically what the pattern is given the consumer-related businesses. It might be a little bit subseasonal as we go into this first quarter, just given the demand environment, but we'll have to see how things play out over the next couple of months.
Lisa Su: Yeah. Chris, on that, we definitely view it as an opportunity, right? So I think what's happening in the data center market is that as the need for compute gets larger, sort of this tailoring of compute for the various workloads is an important trend. I think our IP portfolio today is very strong. I think it will even be stronger given some of the things that we have in plan to allow more tailoring. We are working very closely with a number of hyperscalers on the vision of compute over the next few years and how we might put together some different solutions between our CPU, GPU, interconnect capability, and then with the addition of Xilinx as well coming into our portfolio. So lots of opportunity there for customization. I think that's a key trend that we are certainly going to lean into.
Lisa Su: Yeah. So, again, what I would say is our market share is still, I would say underrepresented, whether you're talking about the client CPU or APU side or the GPU side. I think what we have seen here in the third quarter and then into the second half of the year is, our graphics business has performed quite well. It is channel driven in the sense that there's still strong demand amongst gamers for GPUs. As we go into 2022 though, I don't view the PC market as a headwind for the Company. I think as we look at all of these markets, of course, we do a bunch of scenario planning if the market is up or if it's down.  I think there are many who think that the market maybe up, there's some who think that market maybe down, and that's why we're choosing to model the base case is flattish. But even within that market, whether you're talking about client CPUs or client GPUs, we think we have opportunities to gain share and grow in that business. Just given the strength of our product portfolio and the fact that we are underrepresented to think the what we can expect given those products.
Lisa Su: Sure, Tim. So, yes, we continue to invest heavily in software, particularly on the data center GPU side. With our next-generation GPU architecture, MI200, which we'll be talking a little bit about in next few weeks. We have made significant investments and progress. Our focus has been on using the Frontier beachhead with high-performance computing and expanding that into AI and working with our partners on that software development. So overall, continue to make good progress there. I think the Xilinx acquisition and bringing in that software talent also provides opportunities to optimize across the overall portfolio in terms of just the software infrastructure that people want in an overall ecosystem. So very strategic area that we're making good progress in.
Lisa Su: Yeah. So, I think, overall, our server trajectory has been very strong. I mean, I think we're very pleased with the trajectory here in 2021. I think having a number of quarters where we're doubling the revenue year-on-year speaks to the progress there. As we go into 2022, we still believe we are a share gainer in that environment just given the strength of our portfolio and let's call it platforms that are still yet to launch across our customer set. So we're continuing to play out the strategy of a data center being a place where our technology is very differentiated. We think that's true in the third generation with EPYC, and we certainly are very focused on ensuring that the next generation with Zen 4 and Genoa are similarly well-positioned in the marketplace.
