Victor Peng: Thanks Matt and thanks everyone for joining today’s call. I am excited to have Brice Hill, our new CFO joining us today. Brice welcome to your first Xilinx earnings call.
Victor Peng: Okay. Sure, Toshi. So on fourth quarter, we did see some impact, but I’d say, all things considered, relatively modest, because it just started happening midway through the quarter and I shared the end markets like Automotive, I think somewhat pretty -- as you would intuitively expect. In terms of the current quarter, obviously, we’re seeing more meaningful impact. I would say that, as I said in the prepared remarks, it’s not only COVID-19, but if I had to point to one single thing on why the both the midpoint and then the range we’re providing is broader is due to COVID-19, and I think kind of went through some of the end markets that are more exposed to that. We are of course not only increasing communications with our employees but very much so with all our key customers with Avnet, our partner, with our supply chain, with our customers’ customers and a lot of the end markets. So we’re doing everything we can on this uncertain environment to collect a lot of information. And so what I would tell you is that, we are not seeing cancellations. We do not see things like double bookings because of work concerns around material. A few areas where there is people are creating buffer stock, but not very expensive and again overall, we have historically higher backlog than we ordinarily have. So I would say that we do have some confidence in that because of that and because of the high level of communication that we have engaged. That said, look, we’re definitely in uncharted territory. Right? So we have factored in some degree of, say, turns degradation over time and just the general uncertainty. So I think we are really trying to do the balance there. I hope that helps.
Victor Peng: Yes. So Samsung is -- that’s a very meaningful win for us and opportunity and again this is for their second generation of 5G and I think we don’t break out specifics of customer revenue but it is a very meaningful engagement for us. And I think the bigger picture here is, again, we’re still in the early stages of 5G, what’s shipping today is first generation and what -- as you can see, we’re engaged in development of the second generation and pretty much all our customers talk about there being at least three generations. So we’re still in the early stages and we absolutely are confident that this is still going to be a very large long term opportunity for us. I think the other thing, as we’ve said in the past too, is it tends to be, even in normal circumstances, somewhat lumpy and now with the COVID situation, it adds more uncertainly. So I think the timing is more challenged, but pre-COVID, we still would have probably said that this is sort of later in the calendar year and then being more robust in the next calendar year. But now, of course, we’ll have to see with the COVID situation.
Victor Peng: Yes, Joe, great question. I think two to three years out, we should, well, knock on wood, certainly, some of the challenges that we see in visibility with the pandemic, and out in that tight kind of timeframe, we do believe it will still be meaningfully larger than 4G despite not having the Huawei business. And, again, I know again considering that there was a -- this thing has been dropped off, but the fact that we were still able to have this being north of $1 billion after losing one of our top customers, I think, gives you an idea of that even in the early innings of 5G, this is strong for us. So yes, I think when we get through some of these kind of near term headwinds and uncertainty, it’s definitely still going to be a very significant opportunity for us. And again, this is both because 5G is going to be a much bigger kind of deployment and we’re offering a heck of a lot more value between our RFSoC lines, our Versal lines and just the way we’re working with the key suppliers. I think we’re really working very closely with them to get their optimized architectures out. So we still feel very solid about that. And I guess the only other thing I would say is that one thing about the COVID issue is that, in some markets, you could argue that there could be demand disruption and in this situation, I think it’s really delay as opposed to the demand disruption and, of course, timing of guessing what -- how the delay recovers or how that plays out is difficult.
Victor Peng: Yes. Joe, it’s really pretty deminimis. I mean, we don’t really count on it and because it is pretty much more modest and it’s just not something we count on but from time, time we have some amount of Huawei revenue.
Victor Peng: Well, I think since we cover so many different markets, it kind of depends a little bit on what areas. But, I’d say, look, China is coming back after shut down and obviously, they’re pretty committed to driving their 5G deployments. But that’s one aspect where there is, you can imagine, some catch-up. I think some of the other areas people are -- or maybe concerned, although our lead times and our ability to deliver and ship for people have not been affected. But, it could be because of that, but we are talking to everyone very closely. And again there are some instances where people are doing that, but it’s still pretty modest and we absolutely have not had any cancellations and -- so far. But we understand that things could change, which again is why we’re putting in a bit of a broad range that we also factored in that into our midpoint.
Victor Peng: Yes, that’s a good question and it’s something I talk to my team and the sales group pretty specifically about. And people are really remarkable. I think, our current businesses -- our current customers, excuse me, and the customers that we’ve engaged in some meaningful kind of proof-of-concepts and things getting to trial to production, we’re not seeing any fall-off there. I mean, everybody is pretty committed to try and keep their businesses running. Where we could see, if this is very prolonged over a period of time, is capturing whole new customers, as you know, we’re gaining share as well as SAM expansion and we’ve already done a good deal of that. But I would say, right now, we see no impact to opportunity pipelines or anything. I’m just saying, not sure if this prolongs for a very long time, people are mainly focused on their current suppliers of course and driving what they’re doing there. But we don’t see anything material right now.
Victor Peng: Yes, I think that, again, it gets back to the kind of quality and intensity of engagements and the results that we’re seeing people are getting. I mean they -- people -- when your’e a new platform, they’re only going to move to a new platform if they really do see significant improvements and we’re very encouraged about what we’re seeing and also the fact that, again, there’s very strong interest in the expansion of our Alveo line even though the revenue is still out in front of us as far as that goes. I think, I guess I’ll also say it, even in the pandemic, we have customers that are using our accelerators to accelerate their genomic analysis and simulations and things like that and so that’s again shining a bright light on the power of what some of our acceleration technology can do for some of these applications. So that is all encouraging. That said, again, the exact timing of how that ramps up tends to be a bit bursty and there is definitely going to be a little uncertainty here with the impending or the looming recession that we seem to be going into.
Victor Peng: Yes, again, when we did the reduction in force and -- that we announced in late January, and some of the other expense reduction measures, we were very thoughtful and making sure that we were not going to do any harm to anything strategic and our long term objective to drive sustained double-digit growth in the long term. And I think we’ve managed to do that and we’re going to continue to take that posture even through this downturn. We do have other levers that we can pull, should this worsen, but what we’re going to do is make sure that we’re positioned to take advantage of when that the recovery does occur in a very fulsome way. We are also very committed during this very trying time to be a very good supplier to all our key customers and so we are going to manage things, basically, responsibly, but we don’t want to do things that jeopardize a longer-term program. And that’s not only tape-outs, by the way, that is, as you heard me talk about the factors improvement we made in the ecosystem, we made in the software development in Vitis and just being ready for download for few months and the traction we’re getting there. So we’re definitely going to keep on the gas pedal, so to speak, in driving the ecosystem as well as the key programs.
Victor Peng: Yes, I mean we will position for production of the first part, but then through next year and the next several years. As you know, it’s a very broad product family and we’ll be doing lots of tape-outs that will address many different market segments at different price and performance and power points. So we’re still in the early days of that, but as far as 7-nanometer, it will become it will really start to ramp next fiscal year, I would say. But, yes, we are poised to go into production late this year.
Victor Peng: Okay. Well, I guess the first point about the backlog, I mean, again it is very different depending upon markets. I mean, Automotive, very -- they meaningfully said that their forecast is way down from what they originally gave us. I mean, more than one very significant customer that the supplies the major OEMs. We also obviously, as I said, see pretty strong amount of weakness in AVB. There’s no sporting events, the Olympics is delayed by a year. So some of those things are pretty clear and so obviously we’re not seeing backlog there. But on the other hand, Aerospace and Defense, it’s really unaffected. I think there are certain areas that, in the long term, would actually increase the potential upside. It’s a little hard to know when or how. But just clearly there is a lot more activity both, work-from-home, as well as, entertainment from homes, so video streaming which was hot before the pandemic, that’s clearly going to go and increase. And one of the applications that’s really good at accelerating is actually video transcoding and other kinds of video processing. And that doesn’t have anything to do with AI and we could also do AI coupled together with some of those video processing applications. I think also communications infrastructure, again, the CapEx is -- we’ll have to see how that plays out, but it’s just going to be a lot more traffic. So I think some of those elements are probably why that occurred. And again, as you can imagine, we’re very sensitive to make sure that isn’t just inventory builds or things of that nature. So I think on the other part of the question about 2008, 2009, we definitely are looking at multiple scenarios. Right? And that does include looking at that and so I won’t tell you that doesn’t inform how we think about looking in the future and trying to be prepared from downsides as well as upsides but we’re a very different company from 2008, 2009. I mean, I think we have well over 40% more revenue. We -- Zynq didn’t even exist, just to bring that to perspective, that product didn’t even exist, let alone RFSoC, let alone Versal ACAP and we weren’t pursuing the Data Center market, right? AI didn’t exist back then, as far as any kind of big opportunities. So we feel that, while we consider that we think about that, for us anyway, our decision is that’s not the right blueprint. In fact, this is uncharted territory. It’s unclear there’s really any existent blueprint, at least from the way we look at it. So the last part of your question, are you...
Victor Peng: Okay. And I recognize that there is just an awful lot of narratives going on for multiple different players here. So -- but I will say, I think, I’ve been pretty consistent in saying that when we had an initial much larger part, we were, I think, just open and candid that we ended up being shipped in production and the base down which is not something we had expected to hold on to persistently. We’ve always said that we -- and it’s true, historically we’ve been strong in radio, but we feel like we have further strengthened our radio capabilities with the RFSoC family and then I’ve always said that once Versal comes out, it’ll even strengthen further compared to ASSPs and ASIC opportunities because the significant increase in compute density, right, the level of integration and the fact that it is such a powerful true platform, right, it’s not a fixed solution. I’ve always felt that, that was going to significantly improve our competitive positioning. And the Versal Samsung engagement, I think, is bearing that out. And, again, remember we’re not in production with Versal yet. We will be prepared to go into production at the end of this calendar year and then you’re going to start seeing the train of all the other products coming out. So we definitely feel that we’re going to have a very significant position. And I’ve said in the past too that it is a very competitive market. But competing at ASICs is nothing new, right. I mean we’ve been doing that back in the 4G generation. Essentially the same customers we picked up and then now we are unable to work with Huawei. But I mean I think it’s obviously a core market we’ve known about for decades.
Victor Peng: Yes, so in terms of our channel inventory, it’s not that much. There are some fluctuations, but it’s really pretty minor and we’re not concerned about it at all. We do talk very closely with Avnet, of course, so we don’t see any issues there. By the way, I know you asked about channel specifically, but our own inventory did reduce slightly. In terms of -- you said Q2, I think you meant Q1 guidance, but for us fiscal Q1 guidance, I think, again, we don’t have supply chain disruption. We are with TSMC still and so we don’t have any meaningful supply chain in China itself, which obviously had the biggest impact. And we have excellent relations with our strategic suppliers, so we don’t see that. And we, in fact, have reached out to all our customers to really reassure them in terms of our lead times and our ability to deliver for them. So it’s not -- we don’t see supply chain related impacts.
Victor Peng: Yes, I mean I don’t know if I can give you TensorFlow functions, but others in my group can, of course. But I think that, again, we’ve had 20,000 downloads and we only announced this thing in November. So I think the interest is very strong. We do have -- we’ve also done training, we know we have engagement with customers, but it is pretty early days. But it’s also not a static picture, right? We continue to add more optimized libraries, which by the way, are other libraries we provide and we also provide some reference neural networks for different kind of applications of markets, we open source all of that. So we are seeing very encouraging activity and really good momentum. But of course it will take some time for that flow through to actual revenue, of course. But we’re very encouraged and very excited about the traction we have so far.
Victor Peng: We are still shipping 4G and we do still think that there’ll be some ongoing business there even, even as 5G starts more fulsomely ramping. So we do see, on the wireless side, business there. On the Wired, as we said, we actually thought that was going to be weaker and it was a little bit stronger. And I do think clearly there, two things, again, I think there is a lot of traffic going on, right, because of both commercial activity with work-from-home, but also just all kinds of streaming and ultimately as there’s more wireless bandwidth infrastructure build out then obviously the core networks have to be upgraded as well. So I think we do see opportunity there. Again, it won’t be, from a percentage growth, quite as robust as we expect Wireless will be over time once we get through maybe some of the near term uncertainty and some of the engagements that we have in development go to full production. But we see that there will be strength in both, but again, Wireless will definitely still be stronger than the Wired side.
Victor Peng: Yes. Since we had done some reductions before we -- in [$0.01] ended up being for [$0.02] it is that we’re already in somewhat of a leaner mode. I think that there are some additional levers that we could pull as this plays out, if it turns out to be longer, deeper, whatever. At the same time, the way C.J., I’d like you to think about is what we’re going to try and do is make sure that we’re positioned to manage through if it gets more severe as well as if it does improve. We absolutely -- we are a bigger, stronger company than the financial crisis. We’re more strategic to a number of our customers and we’re building new relationship with the new key customers like in the hyperscalers, right. We weren’t even going after those back then. Right? So we absolutely want to make sure that we’re there for them when they -- either even just to make sure we could deliver what products they need even in the downturn or things are starting to inflect, we want to be there for them. So again I don’t want you to think that we’re going to go wild here, but we’re definitely going to try and make sure that we’ll help our customers and ourselves as well to come out even stronger from this downturn.
Victor Peng: Yes, I think the customers in those markets, of course, of all, are probably the ones that are more proficient at being able to switch to working from home, the kind of collaboration that we have and so forth. And again, since those are really deep engagements at the technical level. They’re not just commercial kind of engagements. That’s absolutely proceeding. Our engine teams are having the same kinds of, in some place, weekly meetings and calls and people are able to whiteboard with the technology that we have for collaboration these days. So I think that’s really not been an issue. And again as I said, in some cases, that this is driving people to even more vigorously want to look for putting acceleration in place. I kind of referred to people doing genomics kind of acceleration and those kind of applications, we’re definitely seeing that. We’re also seeing -- we talked about streaming of course, again I think streaming was big before, now it’s even more so, because even more people who are doing entertainment and just everybody is creating their own tik-tok videos or whatever it is. So I do think that that’s continuing without any kind of interruption and again, you could argue that maybe when things really settle down, it should drive that opportunity to be even greater.
Victor Peng: Well, I think as many of you probably know, I’m also on the Board of the SIA and both the SIA and we individually are engaged in constructive dialog with the government to help them both understand the complexity of the global supply chain and the key care about for semiconductors and they’re certainly trying to drive some meaningful trade issues. However, we’ve been very clear, both as part of SIA and Xilinx on our own that blanket kinds of things like that. These sort of bludgeon hammers are going to do damage to the industry as a whole and the U.S. is the world leader in semiconductors and the last thing you want to do is really do material damage to the industry as a whole. And so we do not -- and we’ve been clear about that. We don’t think that’s the effective approach to resolve some of these issues. So whether that’s FPGA technology or it’s just blanket, everything needs a license going to China kind of thing. Those are examples of one instrument kind of things, right? I think the only other thing more specifically as I -- I mean Huawei revenue were precluded from shipping from them and clearly they’re finding some way to still build some 5G infrastructure. I won’t get into a debate about what that looks like and the details, but I think it’d be hard put to sort of say over a long period of time how any specific technology can be withheld forever and other than doing some unintended consequent damage. So I don’t know how to put probabilities on this, to be honest, C.J. I hope you understand. But we were clear about positions and again I think we’ve had good -- some good constructive conversation. So, sorry about that.
Victor Peng: Sure. Look, I mean, we’ve had -- traditionally we’ve had a position in radio and that’s been our strength where we’ve had more persistence. I don’t want to make it sound like we’ve had no content in baseband, but typically what we’ve had in the baseband is a much smaller percentage in terms of the content. In other words, a smaller companion FPGA, if you will, together with some sort of whether it’s an ASIC or some other ASSP. So it’s not that we haven’t had any baseband, but in the beginning, as everybody recalls, 5G deployment started sooner than what people thought in South Korea and we were being shipped both in the baseband as well as in the radio, and not just in South Korea, we saw a bit of that in other markets. And that was the part that we kind of said, look, we don’t expect to have that persist the level of content there. And so when I say it’s largely over, that’s what I was referring to. Now, look, I don’t want to sort of say that, okay, there will be no replacement whatsoever. Look, it’s a competitive market. We always have to deliver value to our customers and that’s what we aim to do, which is why we’re not just doing pure FPGAs. We significantly increase the value that we deliver to our customers and we’ll continue to do that, not only in the products, but also just how closely we engage. We’re doing a lot of close, I’d say, almost collaborative engineering work together to help them deliver to their goals. So I think it’s a combination of all of those. So -- but it’s complete as far as everything that we see on the horizon. And of course, we’ll continue to compete vigorously and I think the Samsung win is one example. And you’ll hear more over time.
Victor Peng: So, okay, so, Auto -- okay. Auto, we don’t give exact details but auto is on the order of somewhat over $200-ish million, $250 million on an annual basis just as far as ABC. That’s the order of magnitude in terms of that part of the ABC basket of markets. And one thing I would say is that I think everybody knows that that’s going to be quite challenging. It’d probably take a bit longer to work through. But again, similar to the question on 5G, for instance, if you kind of go out to certainly three years and beyond, there is still a very big opportunity here, right? Because the OEMs are still going to be rolling out new models. We have a very strong position in advanced driver assist systems for safety systems and those safety standards keeps going up with each model here, right? So they have to deliver even more safety capability and what used to be kind of like options are now spreading into standard equipment not only in premium and mid range, but even into the value parts of people’s lineups. So there is -- well, things will be challenging and it’d probably take a while for end unit sales to go up, content is still going up for automobile and because there is a timeline on when they have to meet safety standards and so forth and we have strong positions in things like front camera, surround view, the new thing is monitoring systems, driver as well as passenger monitoring systems and automated valet parking. We do feel good when you get more out to that two to three-year timeframe, then we’ll have a very strong opportunity there and then certainly even going further out, fully autonomous driving, we are definitely being designed into those as well. I think we’ve already said that even before this situation that, of the three big growth drivers of Data Center, 5G and Auto, Auto was something that tends to take longer time anyways, right. This probably just pushes out a bit more.
Victor Peng: Yes, maybe first I’ll just sort of say, in the compute segment, in general, I think we’ve always said that we see in the long term, that would be the biggest opportunity. But that also is the area that requires the most heavy lift and build out in terms of our ecosystem, right, the applications, having fulsome set of ISVs and covering different applications. So -- but in the meantime, of course, we’re making good progress there, but in the meantime things like SmartNIC and then the smart storage areas, you don’t need those sorts of things. And so it’s a much more direct engagement with the highly technical teams of the customers. So that’s why you hear us talk about -- like recently you’ve seen some good SmartNIC activities and others. But coming back to the compute side, few things, one is, we did announce Vitis and as you see that it’s early days, but we’re seeing really good traction there. Versal is still also -- it’s just pretty new and I’d say that, for instance, our Alveo boards and some of the work that’s being done, there’s still a lot of work that’s being done on our UltraScale architectures, especially now that we’ve released these new boards like the U50, which has got HBM memory and have high half length kind of form factor. So really, really dense compute density in that form factor. And then the U25 now for SmartNIC, first time that we have that out. So I think that we are seeing good traction there in terms of applications within the compute side. I think we’ve mentioned video several times. I think database analytics is another one. We’re starting to see some good interesting traction in high-performance computing. And then there’s fintech and now genomics is something that we’ve done and typically medical takes a long time too, but that’s happening a little bit more accelerated now. So there are a lot of different applications. And I think Versal will take a bit longer just because we’re just in the very first product going to production. But once that’s there, we think the barriers are very high, because that’s a very powerful architecture and again there is a very high degree of, I’d say, software element to it, which again makes it stickier.
Victor Peng: Yes, I think, we’ve got some good engagements there. Again, we don’t break into fine granularity, each of those. I wouldn’t say that it’s, today, a very large portion of the revenue, but I think that we do think, over time, it’s a pretty substantial serviceable market for us. If you kind of go out maybe about three years, we think this could be $800 million kind of level of opportunity. So we’re still again in the relatively early stages, but it’s sizable. I want to say that I don’t think the breakdown of our revenue today is necessarily reflective of the opportunity of that. I think everybody knows that there’s really disruption across the entire Data Center and where you do the computes and a lot of -- there’s a lot of movement toward trying to do the compute closer to where the data storage is, so you don’t use bandwidth and burn a lot of power in the Data Center moving data around. So I think it’s a good opportunity, but today, I would say, it’s relatively modest.
Victor Peng: Well, that’s the higher order bit. I guess if you go down to the next level of detail on is that -- keep in mind that UltraScale+ is an extremely successful product. So there is also just the pure -- because we have MPSoC, right, and then we have RFSoC and we’ve continued to also increase on the high end in just terms of really large capacity FPGAs with the VU19P, that was just recently released by far and away the leader and just maximum capacity. So part of this is also the great success of our [nanometer] products. It doesn’t -- didn’t require us just racing to the next node and then part of it is the Versal ACAP is such a powerful but complex architecture that takes quite a while to sort of develop and it’s going to take a while for our customers to fully adopt. But once they adopt it, it will be a very strong level of incumbency, I believe.
Victor Peng: Well, again, we’re not providing full-year guidance because of all the uncertainty in the environment, but I guess I want to go back to my comment that we overall still feel 5G is going to be a very big opportunity for us and even despite not being able to sort of Huawei anymore. So we still feel very good about the growth over time in the long run. RFSoC has continued to get great traction. Most of that volume deployment is in front of us, although we have had volume deployments in different geographies with different OEMs and then Versal is in front of us. Right? That’s all in front of us and we’re just talking about the very first design win we’re getting with Versal. So we feel very good about the opportunities we see in WWG, but I wouldn’t try to predict right now FY21.
Victor Peng: I think we mostly talked about the Versal Samsung 5G engagement. The other referenced Samsung with their SmartSSD and that 16-nanometer UltraScale+ based engagement. But clearly, with all our key customers, we’re talking together about our complete roadmap, but we have nothing specific to say about Versal with respect to Samsung storage at the moment. But, yes, we’ve got really good engagements in 16-nanometers with multiple customers that served in the Data Center as well as good traction in Versal.
