Victor Peng: Yes, Joe, I mean, what we said is the baseband impact did occur in the last quarter as expected. So that’s – you’re correct, if you’re applying, that’s not new news. You’re right. That’s not new news. Really, the additional pressure we’re feeling in the current quarter is from slowdown in the deployments across multiple geographies and then both weakness – both on the wireless side as well on the wired side. That level of weakness we did not anticipate last quarter when you kind of gave the overall guide for the second half. In terms of how we see things going forward, we’re not giving guidance for FY 2021, but I guess in a broader picture what I would say is, clearly, in the near-term, we have some meaningful headwinds here, Huawei remains on the entity list. but I really think that from that perspective, we don’t think about that is even if that were to change in the entity list that account revenue would be at levels that it used to be. I think it’s just the reality of it and that’s how we think about it now. However, we’re still relatively speaking in the first days of the point for 5G. And you’ve heard me and I’m sure other people talk about when we talked to all our customers, they see like three waves of technology rollouts. and so it’s certainly been more challenges first wave, but when we think about the longer-term, we still think this is a good growth opportunity design. Particularly, because we’ve been innovating with things like RFSoC and Versal ACAP. And we’ve got really good engagement as I had reviewed my prepared comments already with some customers for the second generation, and that’s actually using our some non-Versal ACAP. So, that’s how we think about the big picture.
Victor Peng: I guess, we – the way we think about it, it’s mostly done, it’s factored in. Exactly. It’s not – it’s not like a one-time event. It was we expected it would happen. It did happen in that quarter and we keep it out.
Victor Peng: Sure. Let me do the last portion first, it’s exactly as you said, Huawei is significant, but if you sort of – okay, understand that and move on from that, we still do think it’s a significantly larger opportunity than 4G. Now back to sort of the issue around one customers program delay, really the bigger hired a bit on the headwinds that we’re seeing in Q4 causing us to see a more gradual recovery from the Q3, which we didn’t anticipate was going to be kind of a confluence of a kind of a perfect storm thing. Is really the general slowdown deployment in multiple geographies and that’s affected, essentially all the OEMs that we’re working with, right, that we’re still working with and allowed to work with. The program delay was another factor, but I think the way you should think about it is the highest order bit is just a pause or slower deployment that we are seeing across from the carriers and that’s reflected in the OEM customers that we have in multiple of them in all the different regions.
Victor Peng: Yes. On the broader question, I don’t think it has to do with a rollout of a particular technology and you’re right; there are different types of technologies that fall under the umbrella of 5G. It just seems as though the multiple operators that cover multiple regions are done some initial deployments and are just taking a pause, my position is that they’re seeking more profitability for they further invest. But in any event, we talked to both carriers as well as our OEMs and we see that fairly broad. So, I guess again then in terms of the longer-term view and all that, again, I think that the long-term view still seems very – like a very good opportunity for us. And again, we have to keep in perspective that we’re only in the very first phase and deployments will come back, it’s just like we have a pause right now that we didn’t anticipate.
Victor Peng: So RFSoC, we do have that being deployed and with different OEMs that cover different multiple regions as well, both in sub-segs, but also we think there’s some strength there in millimeter wave bands. We’re still relatively speaking in the early stages, but it is deployed. So, it is out there in the multiple regions and through multiple OEMs. So, I apologize, I didn’t quite cover that initially.
Victor Peng: Yes, I think so. I think when you’re talking about the AI engine, I think that’s respect to our Versal product and we do have some – the early Versal development board. So, just to clarify some of the brand names. I think there is good excitement in multiple markets; I kind of alluded to the 5G, but certainly, in data center, that’s being evaluated and also in other markets as well, even in – let’s see one application that even though it’s just in the initial silicon, people are already doing some deployments in terms of a very high-resolution camera, where they’re also doing some image recognition to do some augmented reality for an interesting entertainment experience. And so I think that’s a good indicator of not only the quality of our initial silicon, but also the breadth that people are using AI on that platform, not just in what’s considered the cloud, but maybe, you would call that, some people might call that an edge application, right. So, it’s still early days, but it was – we’re pretty excited about the diversity and the traction that we’re getting.
Victor Peng: Yes, CJ. it’s a good question. Look, I mean, now when we first started seeing some weakness, we took some proactive actions to control our expenses that’s reflected in the Q3. Really what happened is, late in the year, as we saw that some of these headwinds that we just walked through were more severe and also, I think the ongoing persistent effects of the whole China-U.S. trade situation and the Huawei business that reflected, it was clear that we had to do something that was more structural, right. It was very painful something for us as a company to impact some of our employees. But a good portion of this it is a matter of reducing labor and that’s both from that targeted reduction in force as well as significantly controlling even attrition replacement. So, that labor component obviously is an ongoing thing. Now, some of the other things that we’re doing just many other actions in terms of discretionary spend, but we also even looked at programs. I think that’s what you’re alluding to. We’ve spent a lot of time thinking about that of course; because our goal and I think we’ve achieved that and how we’re coming out here is to not further impact both near-term business nor degrade our long-term opportunity, which we remain very confident in. And I think you heard me mention in the prepared remarks that we expect a certain level of OpEx savings in the quarter, but we’re doing a tape-out in seven nanometer in the quarter. So that somewhat offsets all of that. So, we are still very much committed to executing sort of strategy. And I think, again, there’s some difficult decisions here, but I think we’ve struck a good balance of things that will bring us in a more reasonable profitability profile, like you said, in a more subdued, near-term revenue environment, but not in any way materially impacting anything in the future or for that matter, even the near-term business. I do think that as we drive in recovering, grow out of it, those position knows to have maybe more efficiency in the business and leverage, because we will watch very carefully our OpEx even as we get back towards growth trends.
Victor Peng: Yes. I mean, as you know, we really serve virtually all the OEMs that support all the different geographies, including of course, the U.S. and without getting into specific customers. We do see the broad softness and feedback we’re getting is because they’re also not seeing some demand materialize across the regions and that includes the U.S. I do think that this is not necessarily something that is it’s hard to tell the visibility right now, but I don’t think this is something that’s going to necessarily persist until the second wave comes. It’s just that clearly after they’ve done some deployment, it just appears from both when we talked to carriers as well, the multiple OEMs that there seems to be a pause now and again, we’re – that’s what we see right now. Yes, it’s hard for us to predict exactly the timing of when that rule restarts. But again, I come back to, when I look at the engagements, we already have going actively in the next wave of equipment. I feel good about that we still have good opportunity there. and when there’s more deployment, the current generation of equipment, then obviously, that could also help our business recover.
Victor Peng: Yes. 16 is – 16 nanometer is our portfolio there is on track to break all the records that we have and we hold the most successful product family in the programmable space with our seventh series back in the 20 nanometer generation. We’re clearly outpacing that and that’s due not only to the fact that, we are out executed, but the innovations we have with MPSoC, RFSoC and a number of other areas, that’s tremendously successful and that revenue is going to continue to grow for some number of years. Seven nanometers, remember is just still in the sampling stage, right? So, we’re not in the production. But we’re getting very good traction and I mentioned multiple markets, communications. And one area that more of you know, video and broadcast kind of area, data center, we’re getting good looks, aerospace and defense, a lot of strong demand. But that will take time as it usually does for us in some of these markets to ramp to sort of more meaningful revenue. But we have a lot of revenue already, particularly in the development board. So, a very encouraging sign.
Victor Peng: Okay. Yes. Yes, thanks. maybe, I didn’t touch on that part of it. first, I guess, so we’re going to like to say on a relative basis, some of the labor related productions that we’re doing on a relative basis, we’re doing more in SG&A than in R&D in general, okay. We are also again, continuing to invest in the areas that are critical for our growth. So, I think you’re both making the point that it’s not just silicon roadmap, it’s also what we’re doing on the software IP and so forth and we fully agree. So, my comments weren’t – didn’t mean to sort of imply that we just looked at tape-out. We are also – yes, we are also focused more on everything we need, all the items we need to execute towards strategy and move into platforms and be a much more mainstream targeted platform. Everything we see in terms of, for instance, Vitis those be dial-ins when we announced new webinars or training, they fill out immediately. So that’s really encouraging. I know at the end of the day, everyone’s – as we certainly are looking for the revenue, but when I look at other things to measure in terms of developers, in terms of just hits we get on various videos that we do in training. It’s all looking very promising. So…
Victor Peng: Yes, I think, I kind of mentioned that for instance, Solarflare revenue last quarter was a little higher-than-expected. I think that was a record for them. It’s still relatively modest revenue. I think that does bode well. And we – that integration is going very well. And clearly, I think the position will get even stronger when we really fully realize all the positive synergies of their expertise in software and system level expertise with our execution on hardware platform. So, I do think, that the smartNIC opportunity is significant. And I think thinking in terms of a year and beyond is reasonable. And I think it’ll be – it’ll grow for multiple years.
Victor Peng: Yes. Look, I – we’re not, as I said before, we’re not going to give guidance of FY 2021 now. We look to do that in the next call. But what I would say is that we absolutely are committed to getting back to double-digit growth. I think this is a recognition of the fact that it’s going to come up a little bit more gradually to get to that kind of a run rate. We’re committed to doing that and we’ve recognized that because it is going to take longer. We’ve had to take some difficult steps here, but I think we’re building this to – continue to execute our strategy and fulfill, I think, a very significant opportunity we have not only 5G, but again, data center, our core markets and in automotive as well.
Victor Peng: Yes. Look, I mean we’re not giving you an overall reassessment of that. But I think, the takeaways, it is still growing double-digit. And in fact, when we close out this fiscal year, that’d be two consecutive years of double-digit. I think in general, it’s still a reflection as you said some of these things like proof-of-concept have taken a bit longer. I think it’s also just, we’re growing the business. It’s an emerging market. it’s not quite scale, where you get the usual puts and takes of certain things are maybe, a little bit slower than you get other upsides, it’s fairly small business so far in an absolute sense, even though it’s growing very well. And I think I’ve said on a previous call that as we get the higher scale and just more diversity of design wins and different timing of the different programs that we’ll see less quarter-to-quarter volatility. But I do think, for the continued near-term, I think, the better measure to see is where are we sustaining that good double-digit kind of growth and the quality of kind of wins that we get the engagements that we have and on those bases, we’re still feeling very good about the business.
Victor Peng: Yes. I mentioned a few times in my prepared markets that our core markets, it’s a key part of our strategy to continue to accelerate growth in our core markets. And if you look at how that played out, I mean our core markets are growing very solidly, right? And to your point, some of that is share gains, some of it’s also TAM expansion, right? Those markets have different types of profiles, if you will, in terms of how quickly things move to market. But even in those markets, we’re seeing the transitions of Zynq being very, very strong; RFSoC, a strong interest in some early design and activity that haven’t fully played out, just because the time constant tends to be a little bit longer, but it’s a key to our business and has been progressing quite well and we do fully expect to continue to take share, but also grow the TAM, right.
Victor Peng: I guess first, the thing of how to think about as 5g similar to the 4g or what is the level of similarity? And I really must say, I know that there’s been a lot of marketing hype around 5G, but I really must say it is a radically more disruptive standards, set of standards and sets of technologies. So, I think it is significantly different, which is why we and many other companies have invested so much and are saying how it’s going to be changed; once it’s fully deployed, how much will it change things from your automobiles, the homes, the IoT, it’s simply not data and voice, right, which works 4G is all about. So, I really do think it is meaningfully different even when you cut through some of the marketing buzz. Now, in our side of it, where also the value we deliver to our customers in 5G is meaningfully different to, meaningfully upgraded, right. A good – a good portion of our products are not just pure FPGAs and our – now state-of-the-art FPGAs are so much more powerful than back in the 4g era. So, I think on both fronts, the opportunity, the magnitude of disruption is larger. And then what we bring to the table is larger. on the competition side, everybody’s up their game. There’s a lot of people that have been consolidated out. the players left are pretty good at what they do, right, ourselves included. I don’t want to get into specifics about a specific competitor. All I would say again is it’s not anything new for us to compete with ASIC solutions with ASSP solutions. including ASIC solutions from our own customers, it’s not new. It’s not easy and we have to create real value. We have to provide excellent support, great quality and those are the things that we’ve been doing, and that’s what we will remain focused on.
Victor Peng: Okay, so quick clarification. We don’t have any meaningful revenue from Huawei, because there’s still only entities with. So – and we had taken Huawei out starting from the last quarter like comments about Huawei is really about, even on a go-forward basis, even if they were moved from any, it’s pretty clear now. Given that they’ve remained only in the list as long as they have that, that revenue will never be at the level that we used to have. So, it’s definitely not Huawei, but we don’t share the details of the specific customer for 10%.
Victor Peng: Okay. Yes. Look, before we close the end of this call, I just want to share that clearly, not where we expect to be if we go back to the start of this fiscal year. I think the unprecedented change in U.S.-China relations in trade, clearly, has an impact on the industry and specifically, our business and at a time that’s really unfortunate right at the beginning of deployment of 5G. We proactively made some very difficult decisions including the very painful one of doing a targeted reduction in force. But I think that is the appropriate thing to do, given a slower, a near-term revenue growth trajectory. And I think what that does do is, again position us very well once we get back to a growth trajectory in terms of efficiency in the business and leverage. But I think it’s important not to lose sight of the fact that our core markets as we’ve discussed a few times, both in prepared marks as well as in the QA is very, very solid. It’s growing very well on an annual basis. It’s a core part of our strategy to accelerate that growth. At the same time, data center business, while it’s an emerging market and still not fully at scale, tends out some worthiness [ph] from a quarter-to-quarter basis, it looks like we will achieve double-digit growth on an annual basis for two consecutive years. And we continue to see greater opportunity there. And even with 5G, we’ve talked about that quite a bit. It is important to remember we’re still in the relatively early innings on 5G and it started out much stronger and earlier than people predicted. Now, we’re having a soft spot, but we’re engaged. We have the right kind of engagements with top OEMs and there’s still may more innings to come. So, we remain bullish in terms of our overall long-term outlook in those growth drivers. So with that, thank you for being on the call and turn it back over to Matt.
