Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Aaron. Thanks for the question. So, clearly, the PC business has been very volatile and underperformed for us in the third quarter. I think as we go into the fourth quarter, we are guiding that -- embedded in our guidance is that, PCs will be down again in the fourth quarter. We believe that, that will be a significant step in clearing inventory between the third quarter and the fourth quarter, and of course, we will monitor the macro conditions, but we will certainly exit the year in a better place.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure. So in the -- on the server side, we certainly have been ramping up our overall supply. I think we have made good progress on that throughout the year. We have more supply in Q4 than we had earlier in the year and some of those investments are coming online here in the fourth quarter. So we expect as we go into 2023 with the Genoa launch not to be supply constrained based on what we currently see.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So it is a little bit early to talk about 2023 precisely. But maybe let me give you a backdrop of where we see the Data Center market today. As you said, in the near-term, there are some overall macro headwinds that are affecting all markets, including the Data Center market. Now it varies by segment, and so if I go through each of the segments, what we are seeing is I think North America cloud is, probably, the most resilient out of the segments within the Data Center market and this is where AMD is the strongest. We have had very good progress at the North America cloud vendors and we continue to believe that although there may be some near-term, let’s call it, optimization of, let’s call it, individual footprints and efficiencies at individual cloud vendors over the medium-term. As we go into 2023, we expect growth in that market, particularly customers moving more workloads to AMD, just given the strength of our product portfolio, and overall, Genoa coming forward. As we look through the other segments, I think, China is -- has been very weak in 2022 and we are not forecasting a significant recovery in 2023. So we will see how that goes. And then on the enterprise side, I would say, enterprise is probably most impacted by the macro. So we have seen customers taking longer to make decisions and perhaps being a little bit more conservative on CapEx. That being said, though, we feel very good about our value proposition, we feel very good about our product portfolio, and we believe, even in a little bit of a choppy market that we can gain share across that business. So, overall, I think, our Data Center trends are good and we need to work through the macro as everyone does.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Stacy, we are not really counting on a material impact from the extra week. I think if you look at the pluses and minuses in the quarter. The guidance for Q4 really is around sort of PCs and, let’s call it, Gaming being lower, and again, those are -- with all the holidays in place, we are not counting on too much there. And then Data Center is -- Data Center, Embedded are higher, but we are not expecting that the extra week has a material impact.
Dr. Lisa Su: Sure, Stacy. So I think if you look at the third quarter, it was -- there are a lot of dynamics in the Client business. So market was weak. In particular, consumer was weak and we have more of a footprint in consumer. So in that framework, we saw units come down, but we also saw ASPs come down on a sequential basis. Now I will say that ASPs were still up on a year-over-year basis. So we have been, let’s call it, disciplined in this pricing environment. We did see some pricing dynamics in the quarter, and we couldn’t face unprofitable business and we will continue to be sort of watching that space. So that was the pluses or minuses as it relates to Client ASPs. And as we go into the fourth quarter, again, I think, we are forecasting for a competitive environment given the market weakness and that’s embedded in the guide.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So, a couple of different points, Vivek. Let me just answer the sort of the expectations around Q4. I would say, we are guiding, let’s call it, modestly down for Client and Gaming, and obviously, we are coming off of what is already a low base in Q3. We want to do that to correct the sort of the inventory situation as quickly as possible, and as a result, we are going to under ship consumption again in the fourth quarter to do that. As it relates to next year, I think, there are a lot of factors. I mean this year PCs will be down quite a bit, let’s call it, high-teens, close to 20%. As we go into next year, I think, the industry is calling mid-single digits. I think that would be a good case. I think we should model down to minus 10%. And again, within our PC business, we expect as we get through this inventory correction, I mean, we have very good products, and I feel very good about our product portfolio and very good about our platforms overall. So I do think the PC business will recover as we go into 2023, but we will have to work through these dynamics over the next quarter or so.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Matt. So for focus on the third quarter, what I would say is, cloud revenue did more than double, enterprise revenue was down. And then on the GPU side, because we had a strong quarter in the third quarter of 2021, that was down too, and perhaps, that wasn’t quite in your modeling. But the larger dynamics are, as I said earlier, the North America cloud is probably the best out of all the Data Center segments. There is some impact on macro, though. I mean I think everyone is aware of that, that there is a little bit of pull back in CapEx spending. That being the case, I think our market share is very good there and we will -- we expect it to continue to grow. And as the business becomes more cloud weighted -- there have been a few margin questions, so I will just mention, as the business becomes more cloud weighted, that tends to have a little bit of downward pressure on the margin. But our goal right now is footprint and expanding our footprint across cloud and enterprise. I will say even in a weak enterprise market as we go forward over the next few quarters, we feel really good about how we are positioned and the platform solutions that are coming out with all of our OEM partners. So I think on a quarter-by-quarter basis, you may not get the model exactly right, but I think on a longer term basis, I think, the product portfolio and the product capabilities should help us continue to gain share.
Dr. Lisa Su: Sure, Matt. So, yes, the third quarter, the PC market was very volatile. Going into it, we expected the market would be weak. It was weaker than we expected and the weakest portion of the market is a consumer market where we tend to be more heavily weighted. I think the thing that perhaps we saw in the market is, we -- as the overall macro economy has also weakened, customers in general across the Board have just become more cautious. So even as they were selling through their inventory, they were not replenishing stock to the same levels. And frankly, we were coming off of a supply/demand imbalance where in the first half of the year, people were actually trying to gather inventory and we had been in a supply constrained situation. So it is a very dynamic situation, I would say. I think that we have great partnerships across the supply chain. I feel good about the visibility that we have. I think the market will continue to be volatile. But we will -- we are all sort of biased towards reducing inventory levels so that we can better react to the market factors and the market situation. So, hopefully, that helps a little bit.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Absolutely, Joe. So the Xilinx business, our Embedded business has been performing just extremely well. Another very strong quarter in Q3 and we have -- we see growth into the fourth quarter. We have been very focused on what’s happening within the various sub-segments. I think the nice part of the business, as you know, is that, it has -- it’s very broad based. So we have seen communications was up for us, aerospace and defense very strong, automotive was also up for us here in the third quarter. We did see some weaknesses. Consumer was weak. There was some sub-segments of industrial. So test and measurement was weaker in the third quarter. So we do see the puts and takes there. But overall, I would say, the business has strong visibility. We are still supply constrained in certain nodes and some of the legacy nodes. We have made a lot of progress on supply. So we are seeing additional supply come in in Q4 and that leads us to good confidence in Q4. We expect the first half, again, we have multiple quarters of visibility just given the lead times in that business and we will be watching it very carefully. But I would say, overall, the products portfolio is strong and we have also gained some share in that business as well.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Ross. Well, since -- on an absolute level, we are talking about flattish from Q4 to Q3, 5.5 versus 5.56. So modest decline in Client and Gaming. Within Gaming, we would expect consoles to be down in the fourth quarter given they are coming off of Q3, which is their peak. That’s offset a bit by our new graphics launch that is occurring in the next few weeks. And then as it relates to Data Center and Embedded, it’s about the same. Let’s call it, modest plus as we go forward. We expect again cloud to be stronger than enterprise. That’s some of the margin dynamics that we were asking earlier, and Embedded, as we get more supply, modestly up as well.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. And maybe, Ross, if I’d just add on top of that. I think we have the opportunity -- we have multiple levers in OpEx. So we are going to be very disciplined, as Devinder said. That being the case, I mean, we feel very good about our strategic direction around Data Center, Embedded and the commercial markets. So we want to continue to invest there where we will be more conservative on the consumer facing portions of our business and that’s how we will manage through 2023.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Ambrish. Look, I think, again, let me comment on our business, right? So for our business, as we exited the first half of the year, I think, we were planning for a sort of a reasonable PC market in the second half. Usually, the third quarter is higher than the first half, and the third and the fourth quarter are seasonally higher, and so that’s what we were building to, together with our customers, by the way, with that expectation. I think the market weakness, as well as just the overall caution in the environment just caused people to behave a bit differently and that really required us to work together with our customers on the inventory corrections. And as you said, there were some temporal sort of dynamics and we are aware of those temporal dynamics. Some of it is very -- sort of very aggressive pricing that we chose not to follow, and again, that’s a decision that we made. And others are, as you might expect, there might be some temporal optimization that people are doing. I don’t think there’s anything fundamental. I think fundamentally, our product portfolio is strong. I think we have very good platforms in place and we will work through this. I fully agree that it’s kind of a messy market environment that we have to work through, but we will work through it.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Harlan. So, yes, look, we are very happy with our Milan sort of workload ramp. We are continuing to ramp Milan here this year and then into next year as well. As it relates to Genoa, we did start initial shipments of Genoa to our strategic customers in the third quarter. That is continuing in the fourth quarter. So we are ramping production in the fourth quarter. A lot of the, let’s call it, the qualifications or the first instances are being qualified here in the fourth quarter into the first quarter. And what we have said before is that, Milan and Genoa are going to actually coexist for quite some time, just given how competitive both are. Genoa is a new platform. It is new DDR5 and PCIe 5.0, and that takes a bit longer for people to qualify. So we would expect both to continue to ramp in 2023 and that’s how we are planning the business.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Right. Harlan, I would say, it’s a little bit of both and I think you said it well. In the very near-term, there is a little bit of optimization that each cloud vendor is doing. But in the medium-term, what our customers are telling us is they need more compute. And the more compute is for additional workloads building out. It’s also for upgrade of, let’s call it, older compute, given our new products have very strong TCO, power efficiency, given the cost of power and energy around the world. We are actually seeing that also be a driver for some of the conversion to AMD in the cloud as we go into 2023.
Dr. Lisa Su: I got it. I got it. Okay. Yeah. I want to be responsive to the question. Well, let’s start with the Data Center. I think in the Data Center, we believe that we will continue to gain share. We expect to continue to gain share in both cloud and enterprise. We are more underrepresented in enterprise, and so, again, that’s a key focus for us. But as we just stated in the last few questions, I think, North America cloud, in particular, I think, we see line of sight to significant new deployments based on our current roadmap. In the desktop and notebook business, our focus is on certain segments. So we are very focused on premium. We are very focused on gaming and we are focused on commercial. I think in those areas, there are, again, opportunities for us to continue to gain share. I think in desktop DIY business or sort of the desktop channel business, we have a strong lineup. We just launched the new Ryzen 7000 Series. We have additional products that we will launch next year as well and that’s sort of the puts and takes in the various businesses.
Dr. Lisa Su: Chris, I think, we are -- we have a very strong value proposition. Our strategy is not to lead on price. So if you look at -- look in the Data Center, although price is one factor, we find price is not the leading factor in the majority of the selections. There is work for us to do in terms of workload optimization and that’s where a lot of our focus has been in the Data Center. So, hopefully, that answers that piece. As it relates to the PC business, it is more price-sensitive. We have seen it become more price-sensitive. I think, again, where we have a strong value proposition we will continue to be very competitive. But even back a year ago, we didn’t choose to compete in the Chrome market, because, again, that was just not a profitable business for us and so we are going to be disciplined in ensuring that what we are taking is profitable business.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Tim. So we are certainly watching the situation very closely. Upon reviewing all of the new regulations as they have gone into effect, it is minimal impact on our revenue in the near-term. We are certainly working very closely with commerce and the rest of the U.S. Government on how those are rolling out. And then I think on a medium-term basis, again, my view on these things is, we will always follow the U.S. regulations and understand the need for national security. The majority of our China business is, let’s call it, non-Data Center. So it’s more in the PC business, as well as in some of the consumer facing businesses. So we are paying attention to that as we go forward in the business. But for the near-term, we have not seen any significant impacts, and we will continue to follow it very closely.
Dr. Lisa Su: The PC market certainly was volatile in the third quarter. I would say that, we did drain a good amount of inventory in the third quarter. I think we are -- our guide indicates a desire to drain more in the fourth quarter, and I think, we will make progress in that. And of course, it all depends on how the macro behaves over the next couple of months, but like I said, I think we are -- we have good visibility into the various market factors and we are planning for a weaker PC environment in the fourth quarter.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So, Blayne, it was certainly more units. I think Stacy asked the question earlier. ASPs were down sequentially, but they were up year-over-year. So the decline was more driven by units, but there was an ASP factor on a sequential basis. And then in terms of what we see in the market, I would say that as the market weakened, there was sort of more pressure at the high end in terms of just velocity and desire to clear inventory. And so the mix did mix towards lower ASPs and towards more incentives to clear that inventory. As it relates to longer term, though, I don’t feel like there’s a longer term significant mix change, if that’s what you were asking.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Okay. So let me try that. So if you think about what we see in the business. There’s a couple of factors. So if you say, excluding the charges that we described the $160 million in Q3, we were about 52%. We are guiding to 51%. We do see the client market continuing to be weak. We want to make sure that we have -- we do clear additional inventories. We do see in Data Center a mix to -- when the mix is higher for North America cloud, that tends to be lower ASPs just given the environment in that business. And then Devinder mentioned that as we increase capacity, particularly in the server market, there were some -- we have some additional capacity coming online and that has a bit of cost impact. So those are the couple of factors that get you to the 51%.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So, look, what I would say is, again, on a very discrete basis, I wouldn’t say the overall data center market is necessarily up. Just given the macro impact, there is some impact on overall spending. In terms of our business, we do have a weighting towards North America cloud that tends to be sort of the most resilient part of the market. And then as it relates to what’s happening in the market? Like I said, I think, what’s happening is -- enterprise is weak. I think that is overall people -- businesses are just being more cautious. China is weak and has been weak all year. And then in cloud, in general, there’s not in general, every customer is a bit different in what they are trying to do. Some are just optimizing inventory, some are optimizing footprint and then some are continuing to build. And so I wouldn’t call it a market per se. I would call it their individual instances for each customer. What’s helpful for us is, what we are talking about is not just Q4 with our customers. We are really talking about what do they need for all of 2023. I mean we are coming from a place where we were supply constrained and so we are planning for the capacity that’s necessary and there, we see which workloads are moving and when are they moving each of the workloads. And so that gives us some visibility into what their spending plans are for 2023.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So, Harsh, we do believe that there is still some pent-up demand, especially coming into this holiday season. So Q3 was the peak for us this year. Q4 is down seasonally as you might expect. Going into next year, I think, there are puts and takes. I would say the best way to model at this point is to model Gaming segment flattish and let’s see how the holiday season goes, but that would be the way we would call it at this point.
Devinder Kumar: No inventory hit, first of all, Toshi. On the gross margin, as you said, Q2 54%, if you go all the way to Q4 51% primarily is the weak PC market and Client margins coming down. For example, if you look at Q3, all other businesses were in line with expectations and Client margins came in lower. We also have in the Data Center, a place cloud weightage, which has lower ASPs. So that also has an impact on margins. And then as Lisa mentioned earlier, some of the new capacity that we have from a supply standpoint, there are some additional costs from the supply capacity agreements and those are all baked in into the Q4 51% margin guidance.
Devinder Kumar: Let me try to answer it this way. If you look at Q3 in and of itself, we came in with about 50% gross margin. We had $160 million of charges, which are inventory pricing and related charges. If you adjust for those, the margin for -- in Q3 is about 52%. And we had guided to 54%, we came in at 52%, and primarily, that’s due to two reasons, right? You have the Client weak PC market, and obviously, the Client margins are down. As I said earlier, the rest of the business will perform for the expectations. We have to work through what’s going on with the PC market over this quarter, next quarter and maybe early 2023 and then we come back and talk about the margins. I do feel good about the products we are introducing, especially the new products and perhaps the ability to increase margins from where we are right now, guiding 51% and then taking it up from there.
Devinder Kumar: Those were mostly inventory rights or pricing actions we would take. Largely, I would say, not recoverable, if that’s what you are asking.
Devinder Kumar: I won’t guide Q1, but what I will say is from the 51% that we have in Q4, we can improve from there.
Devinder Kumar: Yeah. I think the key thing is we continue to invest in the strategic areas, in Data Center and Embedded and the product roadmaps. The macro environment has weakened soft PCs and we are taking actions to reduce expenses especially in the rest of the business besides what I talked about earlier in terms of the areas of focus and we have slowed down hiring. So you are right, Q4, if you look at E2R business is high, but we are very disciplined in terms of what we are going to do. Expense actions do take time to kick in and we expect that as we go out into 2023, the E2R comes more in balance with the revenue and we manage it in line with the revenue out in time.
Devinder Kumar: Yeah. I mean the capacity agreement that we were working on, which have some benefit, especially as Lisa talked about earlier in the service space, these are long-term agreements we put in place to support the growth of the business. Given the market backdrop, we work actively with our suppliers in aligning supply with timing of revenue and ramp up products and that’s something that we are able to do with our suppliers given what’s happened to the market. So, there is --- from that standpoint some flexibility overall and that’s something we will work through over the next two quarter to three quarters.
