Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon and good afternoon to you all. We are very pleased with the strength of our 28-nanometer products, which exceeded $160 million. As expected, we continue to expand the breadth of 28-nanometer sales contributions. The strength of our Virtex-7 high end family and Zynq all programmable SoC was a particular highlight, driving 28-nanometer sales growth in wired comms, industrial and automotive applications. For fiscal year 2015, 28-nanometer revenue reached $580 million driven by broad-based growth from all end-markets and each of the four 28-nanometer product families. 28-nanometer product generation continues to be the most successful node in history and we believe will have longest life of any node. As we discussed our Investor Day last month, we are targeting [Technical Difficulty] of sales to grow approximately 30% in fiscal year 2016. Gross margin performance was another significant highlight for both the fourth quarter and the year. Gross margin increased 69.9% in the quarter significantly better than forecasted and a record 70.2% for fiscal year 2015. Proven formula for successful execution, establish the 28-nanometer continues to yield excellent results at 20-nanometer with the UltraScale family. Leveraging our world class partnership with TSMC, the undisputed leader in the foundry industry are now delivering the industry’s first and only 20-nanometer FPGAs volume production. Based on key customer feedback, we are more than one year ahead of the competition in terms of product advancement and quality. Additionally, we are shipping the industry only high performance ASIC class 20-nanometer high-end product offering with Virtex UltraScale. Finally, with our second generation of 3D IC technology, we are shipping the industry’s largest device delivering more than 4x density of competitive devices. We are currently shipping 20-nanometer products to approximately 100 discrete customers, demonstrating the broad-based acceptance of this family. This past quarter, sales from our 20-nanometer node were $5 million and we expect these sales to double in the June quarter. 60-nanometer node, we launched the UltraScale Plus family of FPGAs, 3D ICs and Zynq MP SoCs, combining embedded memory, 3D on 3D, and multiprocessing SoC technologies. On the system level, the UltraScale Plus family provides 2x to 5x greater system level performance per watt significantly more systems integration and intelligence and the highest level of security and safety. We continue to anticipate the first tape-out of our 60-nanometer FinFET Plus process to be this quarter. During the March quarter, we also strengthened our family of SDX software defined development environment with the launch of the SD SoC product. This environment enables a much larger software and systems development community to program our Zynq SoCs and MP SoCs. Target high growth opportunities, areas such as datacenter acceleration, software defined networking, embedded vision and the industrial Internet of Things. Despite the near-term revenue growth challenges, I continue to be confident in our strategy to resume top line growth. Additionally, we are driving increased efficiencies in our operating model to improve productivity and appropriately align spending levels for the fiscal year ‘16 sales outlook we have previously provided. Let me now turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Moshe Gavrielov: So, John, that continues to be our target and it obviously will start from a low point if we hit our range, but we expect to see it grow during the year and we are confident that as the communications business starts to recover that will be one of the numerous fibers of the growth together with all of the technology elements that I referred to before.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. Well, in the 15 minutes of saying for the programmable world, I am sort of surprised that this was the third question and not the first, but thanks for asking it. And from our perspective, regardless of whether that happens or it doesn’t happen whether it’s rumor, whether it’s true or not, we are very confident. And the reason that we are very confident is that we continue to distance ourselves from the competition and we believe we are poised to now deliver a three-peat. We have won a 28-nanometer, we believe we have huge leadership at 20-nanometer and we are very confident in our position at 16-nanometer. We have leadership with our ASIC class tools and also the new tools the software defined environments are huge enablers for business expansion. If this rumor does come to pass and this acquisition will happen we believe that will be a net positive for us, because it will give us the additional significant advantage of being the only vendor with this very service-oriented business, with the total focus, the best foundry, strategic relationship with leadership on the roadmap and generally continuity of operations. So, whether it happens or not, we don’t know, but our position is very strong and we are very confident in where we are and we believe that this gap between us and the competition will just grow going forward.
Moshe Gavrielov: So wireless generally is the market where, as you pointed out has been consolidated for some period of time. And we fundamentally believe that the – or at least I believe that the catalyst for all of this is the emergence of the very strong players in China and that is forcing the other non-Chinese players to bulk up and strengthen up. And from our perspective, both of these companies are significant customers of ours and as they merge if they come out strengthened that should improve our business. And we think that this will provide them with a better market position to compete against the other players who have been pulling ahead recently. So, given our market position with these two players and the potential for growth with both of them, I think as they merge it will provide a growth path for us going forward assuming the combined player will emerge stronger as indeed they should. There does tend to be a little bit of confusion when it starts because these are two very large, very diverse companies with geographic footprints in different spaces. And I do believe that at least as they are doing the merger, there will be a little bit of hiatus, but then it will – as the merger is completed they will probably have renewed growth going forward.
Moshe Gavrielov: So the reason we are confident that this needs to reverse is at some point there is a mismatch between the infrastructure requirements to the drivers which is basically a lot of this is driven by consumer and business demand. And we think that on the wired side that time is approaching and that our very strong product portfolio will enable us to capture that as it happens. There is an incessant need for an investment in the infrastructure. And I think it has been shortchanged for too long. So you are right in pointing out that we have been disappointed and that this has taken longer. And actually, we have predicted this before, but at this point what we are seeing is a lot of the designs that we reaped at the high end of the 28-nanometer are now moving to production and those got delayed roughly by a year vis-à-vis our initial expectations. So between the market demands and the design wins we have at 28-nanometer, where we do have visibility in them now moving and hence we made the comment on the growth of our Virtex-7 product offering. Those products are now starting to move into production. And we expect that to be a portion of this snapback. And then of course on the wireless side, there are elements which we expect as Jon elaborated on we expect China to have that need and it’s only a question of when and that needs to start happening soon on the wireless infrastructure too.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, it’s a rumor and the prices are a rumor and whether it’s happening or not happening is a rumor too. We are delighted with the attention this gets and we think that obviously there is potential for growth. With regards to prices and all of that, it shows the perceived value of programmable logic, which I am a big believer in. So, I am delighted with that general trend. Hopefully, the entire world will see the light, but…
Moshe Gavrielov: So, the expected – let me pose the challenge that we have. And if you look at our products, they, in numerous applications, enable our customers to achieve very attractive parameters in terms of performance per watt or price performance per watt. In other words, they can achieve a – they can implement differentiated highly competitive system. In order to do that, they need to go through a design cycle, which requires a certain set of skills. And in order to increase the population or universe of the users of our products, what we have done is we have developed these tools. These tools tend to be somewhat application-specific or it’s not one size fits all. They tend to have different targets, but once you use these tools, you can enable usage by a broader set of customers and in particular, engineers with more of the software background and there are lot more software engineers then there are hardware engineers. And the reason we are doing it is in order to expand the SAM and the intention here is to provide a alternative – an attractive alternative to ASSP standard product. So, that’s what this is. This is SAM expansion and this enables us to target markets, which today are serviced by ASSPs, because the engineers at some of these companies and datacenter is a very good example typically do not have hardware design skills and we are developing these tools to facilitate that expansion.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, the Zynq product offering was a breakthrough offering. It was the generally the last part of the rollout. And as such, there was a large number of design wins. Now, those design wins, which were targeted at somewhat slower moving markets like industrial and automotive, those design wins are moving to production. So, it’s a unique product. The number of design wins is phenomenal. We are learning because of its nature that in some cases it takes longer. It’s also a more sophisticated product, hence it takes a little longer. To do the design it requires both software and hardware. It has a high performance embedded processor system. The number of design wins is just huge and the overall magnitude of the design win value on Zynq is very encouraging. It’s very significant. And now, it is finally starting to grow a very healthy clip. So until last year, it was relatively negligible in terms of the portion of revenue, but now it's growing at a fast rate and as these applications in automotive, wireless and aero and industrial control are starting to hit production.
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. There is a lot of questions there. So we think there is an opportunity there, that's why we have the SDX product which now we are releasing completely [ph] to our customers. And we strongly believe that, that together with a stronger focus on this market should enable us to reap the benefits of it. We think it’s a significant market. There is – whether it’s tens of millions or several hundreds of millions of dollars, we think it’s going to take time to grow to those larger numbers and it takes quite a long time. And we are committed to having the best solution with regards to acceleration which addresses those markets. And whether its X86-based or ARM-based or whatever approach then we are going to pursue solutions for that market. So now I think we are well positioned and the key to our leadership is now in the software which enables achieving or getting at that acceleration in the most efficient way. And that’s how we view it. It’s a big market, but maybe not quite as huge in the short-term as maybe others have positioned it.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, single die helps, but comes with the cost and the cost that you get typically is flexibility. The nature of these applications is they are very, very fragmented. And every one of them tends to have the different payload and actually, that payload is dynamic. So if you are using it to accelerate some sort of algorithm, the algorithm that you are accelerating changes all the time. And so if you do too much integration and you tend to have a very inflexible solution, you might end up losing, right. So when we talk to the customers and these tend to be a different class of companies, their – and their approach is they want to retain as much controls over their acceleration path and they would rather not give that to anyone else. And if you look at the way their approach has been, typically they do not buy from the traditional server companies. They actually build their own and they try to come up with a very specific solution, which is the most valuable for them. So there is a case to be made for integration, but what you lose when you do the integration is a lot of the flexibility, which is inherently important for this market. And so I would say it’s great. In some cases it might go towards integration and others actually having a separate solution and being able to maintain the flexibility there is a huge benefit.
Moshe Gavrielov: We have now restructured our sales force to be tiered with two direct elements and the third element, which goes through this deep. We are managing that a little more closely than we have before. With the largest accounts primarily in communications and datacenter, we believe that we would benefit from a more direct interaction, because fundamentally, several of engagement needs to be deeper than it was before. And are we doing this later than ideally we should have? We probably are. In retrospect, this would probably have benefited from making this transition a year or two ago.
Moshe Gavrielov: So, this is a topic which is very sensitive. We have the capacity. You can tell by our track record that we do this very, very cautiously. The nature of our business is such that it has a unique element to it. So doing acquisitions for acquisitions sake is not trivial for us. And so the answer is we can do it. We know how to do it. At this point, if you look at where we are and what we have done, it’s primarily been technology acquisitions as opposed to acquiring other companies that have a totally different business model and modus operandi.
Jon Olson: Yes, John, this is Jon. Let me kind of take that one. So, it’s always a little of both, right, but meaning in general, the Chinese manufacturers try to get ahead of the awards as much as they can. But when there is a following demand situation like we have now or delay I would say, particularly from the FD ramp perspective, it is really more about that pause. And one, the ramp starts to build a little more precipitously. We did think all along that our communications business, wireless specifically would build throughout the year. So, that part while it maybe starting off a little weaker than we anticipated, it isn’t really radically scaring as much at this point in time. They are just – China is just going through some overall CapEx modifications and the FD stuff is going to happen. It’s just going to happen, start a little bit slower, but we do think we have accommodated that in our full year forecast.
Jon Olson: Yes. So, we were very pleased with our 28-nanometer growth in the quarter. So, new products are growing, including datacenter this quarter. So, we had good contribution from the new product category. It’s really some of the older stuff that wasn’t quite as strong as we had anticipated in some of the sub-applications. So, I would say we saw some – and I don’t really know the details of all the sub-segments that Broadcom ran, but we did see strength in these new products. So, as those build throughout the year, meaning the new programs and some of the customer differences, I think we will see good growth in the wired market from new products continue throughout the year.
Jon Olson: Sure, Gabriela. The North America continues to be weak for us. I think we have had a couple of quarters of relatively weak transitions or weak revenue there. One of the bigger expansions that have gone on over the last year or so has been the Sprint deployment and they have slowed down substantially. There seems to be some CapEx spend financing things going on here and there, and that’s been slower for us on a relative basis to how strong we are to the ultimate OEMs who won those contracts. We don’t – best as what we can tell we don’t think this is some sort of a permanent thing. Some of those things we are getting worked out as we talk to our customers in that particular area. I mean largely, the AT&T and Verizon businesses is add-ons and capacity extensions. Nothing significant going on there quite frankly in terms of the CapEx spend, it’s really around Sprint and T-Mobile and we are well-positioned there. But it is definitely, decelerated over the last couple of quarters but we do not expect that to continue for the full year. Europe, while there has been some sales into Europe, it’s still early and we don’t have, I would say a clear view. We are counting on a big percentage of that business to come in until maybe very late in the fiscal year.
Jon Olson: Yes. So I think the whole origin of the restructuring in the first place was around driving efficiency and getting more focused in areas particularly in the sales area to accelerate our wins of customers. And that was really the genesis for doing it. And we sat there in the March timeframe and Investor Day obviously we knew we were doing restructuring, but we never commented in advance on that for a variety of reasons. And in the guide that we gave in March there were certainly some things that weren’t decided yet through our restructuring efforts even at early in March. And as we got through to really dissecting the sales organization and changing the focus away from reps to direct selling, this is where we have garnered the biggest part of the dollar drop and the change in our guide since March. So it’s really reflective of us figuring out how to put the right resources in the right places. And sometimes that means you actually spend less when you have the right resources and that’s the primary driver of what the reduction – the net reduction that we have going on. Now on your question around the exit rate, as I said in my remarks, the first quarter is particularly low and that’s because we haven’t ramp headcount back up. I do think that the second quarter, we have a lot of more tape-outs going on and that goes – bounces around throughout the rest of the year. And our exit rate in – out of Q4 will suggest some tick up and would suggest that some tick up in FY ’17. But – by the way, we are not there yet. So I am not signaling that we are going to have a tick up in FY ‘17. So it will look like the – that Q1 is low and then Q2, Q3, Q4 will be more flattish throughout the year. But we certainly aren’t making a statement yet about FY ‘17 spending.
Jon Olson: Yes. So, as we said in Investor Day, there would be some residual shipments into some of these major programs at the very beginning of the fiscal year ‘16, but at a much diminished rate. So, by the time we get to through the first half of our fiscal year which is end of the September, I would say a great deal that will be away and the biggest piece of it will be in June. So, I would say by the end of June it’s largely gone, with some residual going on in the following quarters.
Jon Olson: Sure. Ryan, the China – FD on the China LTE as we have already seen builds going on by the OEMs and we get more of our information through the OEMs than anywhere else. And so there already have been some builds and some shipments on the FD. So, this is more of a timing issue as best as we can tell and what our customers are telling us versus they are changing their longer term forecast for us, they don’t. There is certainly no orders booked for the second half of the year at this point in time, because our lead times are generally pretty short. So, there is not a whole lot of impetus on the part of the OEMs to commit through a PO early even though they do provide us some guidance on forecast. And we don’t see an overall lower number than we had anticipated maybe even in early March. So, really it’s more of a temporary slowness the best as we can tell as anything else. On the tower sharing, no, we really haven’t seen any impact whatsoever of the tower sharing. It doesn’t even come up in our conversations. The issue there is really more about new towers, not old towers, so that’s really not a factor.
Jon Olson: Yes. We don’t have a formal target, but if we look at our – look at the history over the last 10 years, we have returned 100% of our operating cash. We did 120% last year. We have increased our dividend for the 10th year in a row. We will continue a share repurchase program on an opportunistic level. And we have stated as long as we don’t have an acquisition target or something that is using any of the excess cash. At a bigger level, we will return cash to shareholders. So, I think you can count on us continuing to do that, but again, I am not going to make a commitment on a percentage.
Jon Olson: Yes, we are not really seeing anything that’s significant in the price increase area. I was concerned on the second part of your question about the demand impact, particularly at smaller customers and we have seen we had strong channel sales in this last quarter and we are forecasting strong channel sales again, including European, which I assume is the biggest source of your question, including on the European side. So, it’s really not at this point has been a big of a deal as I was fearful of, but because while we had maybe a soft quarter a quarter or two ago, things have come back pretty nicely.
Jon Olson: I think you also – just you asked specific about design kits and our design board environment. I mean in terms of numbers of kits and boards, I mean it’s just totally swamped in terms of numbers, all previous FPGA boards, because of the nature of the cost point or price point that many of these applications are going after, more of the $700 million versus the $800 or $900 kind of an ASP. And so both our distributor and Xilinx have a number of inexpensive boards and kits. And those numbers – the numbers of those that have been shipped out over the last couple of years is just really phenomenal. So we really think we are seeding the industry really well with these capabilities.
Jon Olson: Fab cycle time, no we see no push out or lengthening of any fab cycle time. We are getting all the wafers we order and when we order them there is no – nothing going on there either for us.
Jon Olson: No, not really, it was our rep network where we are – as we terminated a variety of reps. In Japan, we are transitioning. We have a number of reps in Japan and the nature of that business is a little different than the rest of the world. And we are transitioning one of the reps to – into our other rep network. That’s the only really transition that we have – excuse me, distributor in China, excuse me distributor in China, one distributor moving into our other distributors in terms of the business, but nothing other than those two things. So reps in the U.S. and Europe generally we are transitioning to direct sales. And then in Japan, there is a distributor that we are terminating and moving that business to other distributors that we already have.
Jon Olson: We have not seen a pause as a result of whatever has been in the newspaper and their stated position on this. Moshe was only I think talking in general about when two companies get together what can happen in terms of how their organizations melt altogether. At this point in time, as best as we can tell, this is not going to be consummated at the earliest later this calendar year maybe in next calendar year. We are not seeing any sort of pause with our business with either company at this point in time.
Jon Olson: Yes, I think also I mean it’s just not – this is only focused at one end market. There is going to be some transitions going on even in our aerospace and defense market coverage to more direct sales. And I know some of these kinds of wins don’t turn into immediate revenue. They are slower, but it does have both industrial, aerospace and defense, test and measurement as well as the communication segments impacted. And we – I don’t think it’s a net positive for us.
Jon Olson: As best as we can tell, this is more about a CapEx China macro. I mean, I don’t want to say macro, but China macro-related CapEx spend in the pace that they are getting funded internally to do things. And I don’t know what else. Some of it there is always the politics between the FD standard and the TD standard and it’s hard to tell whether that’s still causing delays in FD as a result of TD being – trying to be in China Mobile trying to be more dominant, but I don’t know that I am qualified to comment on whether how much of that is true or not.
Jon Olson: Well, definitely in China – the wireless business, because of the volume and concentration of customers tends to have a drag on our gross margin. So, we would expect and we have modeled this that the second half would be lower than the first half as a result of that. I am not going to get into the real specifics, but the second half will be lower than the first half, but we are still confident in delivering our stated goal from Investor Day.
