Moshe N. Gavrielov: Thank you, Jon, and good afternoon to you all. Weak sales in the September quarter and lower than seasonal guidance for the December quarter suggest we are in a period of inventory adjustment across many of our end markets. While the PLD industry is certainly not immune to macroeconomic forces and short-term corrections, believe that Xilinx is better positioned than ever for long-term growth. First the micro trends driving programmable solutions of our ASICs and ASSPs has never been stronger. Second, our competitive position has improved dramatically with clear leadership at 28-nanometer.  Third, our industry-leading innovations enabling programmable systems integration, driving a new level of bond [ph] and system level customer value.  The September quarter, while new product sales declined 5% sequentially, sales from our Virtex-6 40-nanometer and Spartan-6 45-nanometer products increased, now represent more than 10% of total company revenue. Spartan-6 devices experienced strong growth from communication, industrial and consumer applications, and sales from our Virtex-6 HXT devices with 11.1 gigabit per second transceiver speed increased over 30% sequentially. We expect these families to show continued growth in the December quarter as well based on customer forecast.  In the September quarter, we achieved a number of key milestones that significantly boost customer value with 3 key elements enabling programmable systems integration. ARM-based processing integration with the Zynq-7000 family, the integration with stacked silicon interconnect technology and mixed signal integration with our Agile Mixed Signal technology.  Last quarter, we take out the PLD industry's first embedded system platform. The Zynq-7000 device will be sampling in the December quarter, building on what we believe to be well over a year time-to-market advantage with customer designs which started over 18 months ago using our emulation platform. The Zynq-7000 family is the first of its kind to integrate a world-class 800 megahertz dual core ARM processing system, 28-nanometer low power programmable logic combined with a software-centric use model. It enables a great system and bond [ph] level value through the integration of the processor, DSP and FPGA functionality in one device.  Design win momentum is also very strong and broad-based. Current design wins include applications in the automotive, defense, test and measurement, industrial, scientific and medical market segments.  With regards to stacked silicon interconnect technology, SSIT, the Virtex-7 2000T FPGA has generated significant design win activity in this quarter. This device, which is scheduled to sample to multiple customers in the December quarter, is industry's -- has the capacity programmable logic device and delivers twice the capacity of the competition, almost 3x the system's bandwidth and 50% to 70% reduced system-level power and cost through single-chip FPGA integration. This is a game-changing innovation. It provides us with a generational time-to-market advantage over the competition.  Lastly, we have also delivered the third generation integrated Agile Mixed Signal at 28-nanometer. Now available across all of the product families, highly flexible integrated AMS block eliminates a wide range of discrete analog functions and delivers a typical cost savings of $2 up to $7 armed with greatly enhanced system-level performance, board savings and reliability. These bill of material cost savings are most highly valued by customers designing with Artix-7, our 28-nanometer high-volume FPGA family.  I'm delighted with the rapid rollout of our 28-nanometer product family, which is unquestionably the fastest new product generation rollout in Xilinx's history. We have taped out 6 devices to date and are confident that by early 2012, we'll be sampling from our entire 28-nanometer product family. Design wins now total more than 200 designs, well over $600 million of lifetime revenue. Last quarter, we sold thousands of units to 50 discreet customers who are anticipating significant revenue growth in the December quarter.  To summarize, I've never been more confident in Xilinx's opportunity for growth and in our expanded product portfolio. Despite some uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, remain convinced that the overall larger trends are intact and expand our opportunity as our 28-nanometer leadership has led to significantly improved competitive position that our innovation in enabling programmable systems integration is creating a new level of customer value at the system and bond level.  As a result, we expect our 28-nanometer product families to ramp significantly faster than our 65-nanometer and 45 -- 40 and 45-nanometer families and expect our game-changing product strategy will drive continued share gain against ASICs and ASSPs as well as PLD share. Let me now turn the call back to the operator to open it up for the Q&A session.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Yes. I can reinforce what Jon said, and the trends that we are seeing in terms of our customers' new systems is that a larger and larger portion of the solution is being implemented inside the FPGA and the primary change there is that ASICs are becoming really quite rare. And as we move forward to the 28-nanometer, then this trend accelerates. And so our expectation, and this is fully supported by what we're seeing as the number of new ASIC design starts, is that FPGAs are becoming -- replacing a significant part of ASICs. Those trends are now starting to manifest themselves. They were apparent at the 40-nanometer node and they're accelerating at the 28-nanometer node. Unfortunately, in terms of revenue, that's still a small part of our revenue and hence, that gets drowned out when there's sort of a macroeconomic downturn. So that trend is very, very solid and ASICs definitely are on their way out. And in some areas and in lots of applications, we're finding that what we're competing against is, if it's high-volume application, then we're competing against ASSPs. We're being quite successful there, in particular at the -- with the 28-nanometer solution. Now where that gets accelerated is due to the 2000T, the newest device we have, which has twice the capacity of what you can achieve on a monolithic device, and that enables us to compete with higher end ASICs than we ever have before, and that will enable us to capture market share. But again, you shouldn't confuse the short-term trends with the longer-term ones. And the short-term ones are driven somewhat by macroeconomics, but the strategic direction of more FPGA content is definitely continuing to strengthen and I'm absolutely confident that, that trend is going to continue.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: Well, incumbency has value, but it has limited value because most of the customers actually are capable, at least the big customers are capable and have strategy -- have some level of balance between the 2 major providers and they have the tools and they can do designs with both. And obviously, we felt that because we clearly had the majority of the business -- vast majority of the 65-nanometer node and then at the 40-nanometer, at the high end, it clearly went the other way. Being first, having a broader product portfolio, rolling it out as quickly as we are and having tight market advantages in our mind are compelling reasons. And that's why we expect to see our share inside the FPGA or PLD market start growing again as 28-nanometer goes into production. And then this will just benefit from the fact that the market is clearly expanding as FPGAs are replacing ASICS in more and more applications. So we see the pie growing and we see our portion of the pie growing back with the 28-nanometer. Now it's difficult for me to sort of size those 2 trends, but I think the pie, overall, is growing at a fast rate and market share tends to shift over time. And the market share becomes more evident, but it takes longer for it to be visible whereas growth of the pie happens faster. And so if you're looking for numbers, I would expect that market growth -- overall market growth is 2x faster than the implication of market share and that's somewhat intuitive, but that's the best I can do.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: And with regards to SSIT, it started at the high performance in the high end of the family and it addresses 2 portions. The first is with regards to capacity or density, and all of the high-capacity devices are implemented using SSIT. And in addition, we're going to use that technology for integrating our ultra high performance transceivers. And that will enable us to have, what we believe is transceiver performance which is second to none using that technology. So both fall into the high end of the product offering and they're both Virtex derivatives: one is high capacity; the other is high transceiver count and high transceiver performance.
Moshe N. Gavrielov: So we obviously haven't announced what our plans are in that regard, but we are delighted with the benefits we've seen on the 28. And you can bet that we will continue to use similar methodologies as it makes sense. And we are in the midst of advanced definition and starting the implementation of those products. So it's a little too early to give away the recipe at this point in time, but it's going to be a wonderful product. We're very excited about it.
Jon A. Olson: Jim, this is Jon. So first, relative to data points, I really haven't studied many of those data points because there are as many out there, relative to the supply chain in the communications at this point in time. So our guidance is impacted by a few things. One is last quarter, I did talk about the build aheads that were being done in some of our Communications business, so that was -- it kind of exacerbated our down situation and there was more inventory adjustments than we had even anticipated some of those large communications suppliers. So we are seeing some bounce back, particularly in Asia, from that area. So I think there's a little -- part of your -- the answer to your question is a little bit of timing of when they took it versus when they're going to take it in the supply chain. The second part is, I think you may have incorrectly heard us that we think wired is going to be up next quarter and not -- and wireless is not going to be up; it's going to be down for us. So from a wired perspective, again, many of the same inventory adjustments that occurred were in the wired space and we do think we're going to get some bounce back from that perspective. On the wireless side, we had a very strong wireless showing that this quarter and again, there is some moderation in that across our big customer base.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. The OpEx thing has got a few twists in it, so kind of let me go through it. The reductions overall for the year are actually mostly in R&D. It's mostly us pulling back some in headcount and so a little bit of smoothing going on and masking the wafers between this fiscal year and next fiscal year. And that's really just the way we've realigned a couple things in our product roadmap, so nothing really significant to the production worthiness of our product family and our fast rollout that we've talked about before. But we are pulling back some in R&D just because we were pretty aggressive in some of the hiring plans, and so we're trying to find places that we can save money here and there because of the macro environment to make sure our bottom line still looks pretty good. While it is true that variable expenses, which hit both R&D and the sale on the SG&A side, because we have quite a bit of re-compensation which is variable. Then again, variable on the sales side would be commissions, those kinds of things. Unfortunately, some of that is being, that savings is being offset by higher legal expenses. Even though we said we had lower legal expenses this quarter, they're popping back up again in the second half of the year, as we continue to be -- to get -- I guess attack, maybe is the word. If people -- the trolls keep coming after us for things and so we have a strategy of vigorously defending ourselves in these particular IP litigations. And so we're having a protracted period of higher expenses which are offsetting some of the expenses in SG&A. So net-net, we see SG&A going down not very much, and we see R&D going down the most.
Jon A. Olson: Let me give a little end market color and then maybe Moshe can jump in with a little more customer trend kind of thing. Essentially, what you're seeing is a lot of weakness in the midsize and small customers and a lot of this is in the industrial and other categories. So broad-based Industrial, Scientific and Medical has had a very good run over the last 4 or 5 quarters for us, and we're seeing much more caution in inventory adjustment and just general reticence to jump into things in that particular area. So it's not all communication story here. There's a broad base of customers that are definitely having slowed down. Having said that, the communications side of the business, there is lumpiness going on with large customers. Very strong wireless, particularly out of our European customers serving -- as they serve the rest of the world. But then a lot of lumpiness coming out of Asia-Pacific where you saw such a strong decline for us, 21%, but then we do think that bounces back some in the next quarter. So there is a fair amount of lumpiness. One more statement before I turn it over to Moshe is, there is -- in terms of all the new designs and some of the existing designs from our last 2 or 3 generations of products that are still in the mill, we are not seeing people, our customers, push out design cycles for them. They are being more cautious, but no one's canceling -- at this point we don't see canceling of design activities going on. So I'm trying to kind of be cautious about the macro environment but say there's a lot of inventory adjustment and caution going on overall.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. I'm reticent to say that we're approaching the bottom or not, because I don't really know. I mean, we're certainly -- and I'll kind of go to the second part of the question and kind of circle back to the first one. If it ends up looking like 2008, we have a lot more bottom to go because there was a lot lower drop -- precipitous drop in the industrial segments than we're seeing right now. And our indication of what's different at least at this point in time from 2008 was really around design win activity and cancellation of programs that were in flight or close to our production level, and we are definitely are not seeing that now. That's why I kind of wanted to emphasize that in the answer to the previous question is, this doesn't, right now, feel to us like it's a 2008 scenario, but I don't have enough visibility to really forecast whether we're at the bottom in the December quarter or not.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, we're very bullish on Automotive, Uche. This quarter was -- I would say again, has something to do with inventory adjustment and a kind of a platform switching to our latest platform, we have even more content. So we actually -- I do believe Automotive continues to be a strong growth area for us. I think if you -- last quarter when we were on the call, several people had said Automotive was weaker and ours was actually stronger. So there's obviously some timing differences between when those things occur for us versus others, and what are the value position that we're in, in the automobile is, versus maybe other people. We're seeing much more -- much bigger adoption of FPGAs and when I think about the SoC level device of a Zynq platform, we're seeing even a larger uptake of that across the Automotive platform for the in-car kinds of things that we do, driver assist and infotainment, that level of product. So we're still very positive about Automotive.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So the challenge for us always when we're ramping new products is, and particularly we have this fast ramp, is that as we throw a 100 wafers into the foundry early to get engineering samples and then early customer samples and then we move into production; the more of those you do, the more margin drag you end up having in the process, but we've been cautious about talking about margins from the standpoint of, we know those things are coming at us, but we also know that we had cost reductions in the form of both internal things we've done, and also price negotiations for wafers that were giving us second half benefit. And so the way we have things modeled now is, those things can offset each other and give us a little bit of a positive along the way. So assuming all those elements happen as we estimate it, we should be okay. So we have counted on the fact that we're going to be ramping new products in this whole algorithm. And barring any serious issues with the new products, we should be in reasonable shape.
Jon A. Olson: Yes, I would say it's probably at least 2/3 R&D because of mass sets, and not so much headcount growth -- some, but those expense is related to that, and then a little bit in SG&A due, again, primarily to the legal forecast.
Jon A. Olson: That is probably the biggest issue outside of our customer mix is the rate of ramp and the rate of improvement of the defect density in the foundries. And we've been very pleased with the results we've got on the new products, particularly all the 28-nanometer products in terms of yields. And so if we stay on that yield path that we are on, again, I think that we've got other things going on elsewhere in cost reduction to help offset any drag that would give us, but that is the biggest factor other than customer mix.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So from a lead time perspective, there's no doubt that our lead times have been shortened tremendously and you that our turns estimate from a percentage basis for next quarter is quite high from our last 4 or 5 quarter trend at 57%. So we are -- we do definitely believe that because of the short lead times and people's caution, they've waited in terms of placing orders on us, so that gives a fairly high turns number. From an ASP impact of all that, not really much because our ASPs are generally baked in, I'll say in the medium term. For large customers, they might have as much as a year in advance pricing. And then smaller customers, unless they just do spot buys, they typically are running 3, 4-month kind of price commitment. So we have a pretty good understanding on an order-by-order basis of what the margin's going to be. Then mix, both the customer and the product mix have the biggest impact. But I don't think we're going to -- we're really exposed on ASPs in particular on that. And then relative to the weakness of the midsize and small customers, there's no doubt that midsize and small customers pay us higher prices and that has a drag effect on gross margins. If you look at the impact or the percentage of our large customers, our top 50 customers as a percent of total revenue, it's about the same as it was last quarter. So therefore, everything kind of moved down in the same percentage and the same proportions, if you will. So that weakness, if it's greater than our large customers, it could have some drag on gross margins, but right now, we are -- we think things are pretty well balanced going forward.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So -- I mean, that totally is a $64 question, or $64 million question or whatever relative to why we have high turns, and we're saying that business is off for us. What's our confidence level in all that? And the way we go through our process is we do a buildup of both large customers forecast, short-terms and long-term forecast and then we also have an order patterning coming from both -- all our sources for the medium and small-sized customers distribution, our own salesforce if they happen to take care of the medium-sized customers, and then we sit down and we look at all those trends and we track those actually on a daily and weekly basis, just on a go forward, rolling basis and look at where the trends are. And so, while it is a high number, we do feel confident that even if quite a few customers took the same or less, we'd still be able to meet it because we do have a fair amount of our top 50 that have convinced us they're coming back for more products and more revenue than they had in the last quarter. So it's just the overall amalgamation of all that as a downward trend.
Jon A. Olson: I mean, of the things I will just add to that, is that Moshe talked about, the design win lifetime revenue is over -- greater than $600 million, and now it's just [ph] quite a bit bigger number than a quarter ago when we talked about it. There's no doubt that some of that $600 million is winning things back that we had lost at 40- and 45-nanometer. Just like there's no doubt that it's expanding the market through Zynq, our SSIT platform, large FPGAs. Both of those are gaining significant tractions and those are largely expanding the market beyond traditional PLDs against ASSPs and/or ASICs.
Jon A. Olson: So, yes. There's no doubt that we, throughout the quarter we saw pushouts and -- because we were -- that was really the source of our pre-announcement relative to a lower revenue number. We had quite a few pushouts and there were cancellations in that. But then we also saw that after the cancellations, there were some re-bookings. So it's really a mixed bag and you kind of feel for a few weeks there like you're in a freefall, because you're not really sure where the hard ground is, but we definitely have seen both of those more on the pushouts than cancellations though.
Jon A. Olson: December is typically fairly linear for us. It gets a little soft at the Christmas timeframe, but generally pretty linear for us.
Jon A. Olson: So generally we talk about these things kind of in one generation, so 40 and 45 to get us on -- if you're asking me to parse this to you, I'm not going to be able to do that. As a group, they -- it did grow and relative to -- I'm trying to recall how you asked the question, sorry.
Jon A. Olson: Well, that's our metric is -- the percent of lead time is over 85% and we are, I'd say we're higher than that. I would say we're -- excuse me, we're less than 4 weeks, I'd say we're 95%, maybe 95% plus.
Jon A. Olson: Zynq won't be significant for us for quite a few quarters. I mean, we have some very significant early design wins, but there's a lot of work to be done to integrate a SoC in a customer's application, so they're working way ahead of that. And it's also a new category, and we're being very expeditious about making sure we can support processor-like support for everybody in terms of the ecosystem and we've been focusing on a handful of end markets to make sure we're very effective, they're like Automotive, scientific and medical, broad-based, industrial, and then some in Communications, but I think it will be several quarters before you see anything really significant.
Jon A. Olson: Well, there's a lot of different topologies relative to what different companies are talking about, what the future is going to look like in terms of how much is sitting out close to the antenna and how much is back in the Central Office or how much is being run in the cloud and et cetera. The small cell has been getting a tremendous amount of talk lately and things. But quite frankly, even -- any of the OEM's strategies always have -- still have macro cells at some level involved in all this. Small cells are something that we continue to look at and look for opportunities to play in those, but we see this as -- it's not going to merge for quite a few years before there's any significant percentage of the overall infrastructure revenue coming out of small cells. It just doesn't seem to be well worked through yet in terms of how it's going to roll out, which providers would adopt it, and how it -- they can't throw away all of what they have today, so it is pretty interesting how -- when think you think about how the new thoughts are going to play with the old thoughts when a lot of it -- a lot of your money comes from expanding existing -- coverage in existing cities. And so there's a lot of things to be worked out there and we're definitely in the middle of that from a strategic perspective, trying to figure out exactly how it's going to roll out and we're confident we'll be there and still play in a significant way in the wireless infrastructure even if small cells become the thing.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So 40- and 45-nanometer collectively was greater than 10% of revenue in the quarter, so get that question out of the way. And Spartan-6 has really been our -- been an extremely strong competitive answer to the fact that our competitor did not do a high volume base product at that node, the 40-, 45-nanometer node. And the reason that we're getting very strong design wins and starting to have some pretty significant revenue ramp there is because we kind of have a free reign relative to design wins for this -- devices that have a certain scale that have transceivers associated with the small form factor. In fact, our biggest competition is likely the small -- one of the smaller PLD competitors versus Altera in that situation. We're doing very strong, very well because of the transceiver capability there and the low power capability of Spartan-6 versus all other alternatives out there today. So those are the winning dynamics for that. So while it's true that Artix will come in and certainly play a role for the next generation in that same category, it's going to be a while before that -- there's traction there. We're just going to be sampling the first Artix early and that seems -- early sampling early in January and it will be -- excuse me, early in the January -- the March quarter and it will be a while before we -- there's real traction on the Artix family. Also Artix brings some different characteristics like the mixed-signal capability that we talked about. So it's going to have, also, some different play and it's going to move up in -- the high end of Artix will move up and play a role and some of -- where traditionally the midrange has been for our competitors. So it's actually a pretty broad family relative to what Spartan-6 was.
Jon A. Olson: Yes. So from a wireless perspective, we had a really strong quarter in that particular area, I mean in wireless area that was driven out of our -- you can tell our geographic -- from a geographic perspective that Europe was essentially flat and it was the only geography that was in that situation, so you can imagine that a lot of that came from our strong wireless business there. And some of that was a little bit of catch up from the previous quarter, but generally, we do feel wireless will be, in that area, will be strong for us again another quarter. It's been -- if you look at the Asia-Pacific sales, our Asia-Pacific sales were down significantly 21%, in terms of it's down, and a lot of that was due to our communications businesses there which has soft in both wireless and wireline. So the view that things are coming back in wireless, excuse me, wireline is really one of an inventory adjustment that had happened -- pull-aheads in the previous quarter and those customers are going to be taking some product this quarter. So there are customer-specific situations where we think the inventory adjustment will be over and that's now over, and therefore, they're going to get back to, obviously, a normal run rate and those happen to be more associated with our Asian -- Asia-Pacific customers and in the wireline area.
Jon A. Olson: So I'll take the OpEx one and give Moshe the stacked silicon one. From an OpEx perspective, so yes -- so we do continue to see an increased number of tape-outs quarter-by-quarter for the next several quarters as we continue to roll out our 28-nanometer family. We aren't -- the peak for that in this fiscal year is going to be the March quarter. We aren't providing a forecast at this time for FY '13, but we will not be done rolling out our 28-nanometer product, taping them out by the end of March. There's still more that will come in the next year. But we're going to provide more color and information around that when we talk about our OpEx number for next year and we get to the analyst day in mid-February.
Jon A. Olson: From a 40, 45 share perspective, where our strengths have been is in the Spartan class of products where there really isn't significant competition for us, as we have said in the high volume category, we expect to start gaining share next year all across all high-volume products. From a balance perspective though, of 40, 45 together, since we did introduce our 40-nanometer products later than our competition, I think if you aggregate the whole thing, we're -- we'll be approximately 50%. From a 7 series 28-nanometer perspective, our 7 series product family, I really can't estimate right now when we'll be at 10%. One would think that we could get there sometime in the next fiscal year, but I'm not going to exactly say when. I'm not sure yet.
Jon A. Olson: So the most significant thing here, Brian, is the fact that we shipped for revenue to a very broad base of customers -- 50 customers and we shipped thousands of units. Really aren't disclosing anything specifically about the revenue number. I mean it was significant, but I mean, from a new product perspective, but it's not significant relative to the totality of our revenues. It's very early and the message for us has really been around the strength and the breadth of number of customers and across designs. From a product, individual product, there was certainly a higher percentage going to Kintex than Virtex because Kintex was the first part we taped out, the first part we sampled to customers. So Kintex was the leader, I'd say relatively significantly the leader in what we ship, but there's no doubt we ship significant numbers in revenue dollars of Virtex-7 products as well.
