Jon Olson: Yes, Chris. We are -- from an OpEx perspective, we're still sticking to the ranges -- full year ranges that we gave at the Analyst Day. The R&D number was $460 million to $475 million, and SG&A was $365 million to $375 million. Or it's probably attending towards the high end of those ranges. And so the -- it's hard for me to tie -- to be real precise on what's Q3 versus what's Q4 because of the alignment of the tape-out strategy, which has a lot of things sometimes towards the end of the quarter, so it might move from one quarter to the next quarter. But we're still confident we'll stay in those spending ranges that we gave. And with respect to seasonality, you know that I'm really bullish about the -- some of the segments, meaning, the Wireless segment, we still think is extremely strong and we think we've proven that our Industrial segment has a lot of legs and it's been -- grew 11% this last quarter and a lot of strength in the scientific and medical area as well as broad-based industrial. So from an end market perspective, I'm feeling pretty good about the second half of the year. But I don't think I want to venture giving a growth rate and with that little granularity for the second half.
Jon Olson: Sure, Jim. If you think about the factors that I talked about, there were actually 2 areas. One is the strength -- relative strength that we had in Virtex-6 and Spartan-6 over our expectations. And I think our Spartan-6 family, it's very clear that we're pretty unabated with the competition in that particular area. And we've been really racking up design wins, so we expect that to take off very strongly. But the second factor was around a precipitous drop of both our base and mainstream sectors, which I think if you look back at history, we haven't had both those drop at that level of percentage all at once. And I think that was one of the bigger factors that is kind of resetting us for this past quarter. And then the current quarter, which is still impacted by the fact that we built ahead a little bit on some of the 6 series products because of what we thought was tightness in the boundaries. And so we're kind of flushing through that more expensive Virtex-6 inventory that we purchased. So then the confidence comes from 2 things: One is the volume levels that we're now putting through the boundaries so, therefore, we get cost improvements and defect actually declines, a. And then b, overall, we have a variety of our cost-reduction programs kicking in and contributing in a bigger way in the second half. And so that's why we believe that the second half will have very much stronger gross margins.
Jon Olson: Yes. And so again, on the gross margin. The base and the mainstream, we declined more than we -- it's more than we had anticipated. Now some of that was contributed by the fact that there were some last time buys in the previous quarter, and we did some, I'll say, end of life of some older products, but then there was some additional downward mix. And there's no question that over time those 2 decay, and they have very high gross margins for us because they're very old products. But nonetheless, the applications that they're selling into are far from dead. So I think it was just a little bit of bigger impact than we thought for the last time buy in the previous quarter and then just a customer/product mix issue. Now with respect to the pricing competition, I really don't sense any stronger competition than normal, if you will, out there between the other FPGA supplier and us. I think we generally are -- it's an opportunistic thing for both of us where we bang heads and other places it's not a big deal. So I don't view this is as some sort of a decay of the segment from a profitability perspective on a long-term basis.
Jon Olson: So on the wireless comment, if we didn't have strong European wireless sales, I suspect we would be a little bit down in the Wireless segment. So obviously, we're counting on that. And we've all -- and we made appropriate judgments there on that revenue account in that forecast. And the revenue coming out of that region is very significant for us. So it is important that those shipments happen in order for us to grow wireless. From an R&D perspective, no, there's really nothing in the dollars that's significant at all related to anything other than continuing our tape-out strategy or rapid roll-out of products. There isn't anything extra in there for any other reason.
Jon Olson: Yes, I will just point that in Moshe's remarks, he talked about several hundred millions of dollars of design wins. And a significant amount of that is Virtex family, Virtex-7 design wins. So it's not like that all those are related to Kintex by far. That's not true by far, Kintex was very strong in that accounting of things, but Virtex has also got significant numbers.
Jon Olson: Oh, lead time -- oh to lead times. Yes, our lead times have all moved back to our stated goals which is to have 85% of our line items at 4 weeks or less, and we are at -- just at that level right now of 85%. And then there are -- if you go out to 6 weeks, then we actually cover up to like 90%, 95%. So we're in very good shape on lead times, even though our inventory is, on a days basis, has dropped quite a bit.
Jon Olson: Yes, I think our best Q2, Hugh, in China was that sometime in this quarter that we're in, some orders could be let overall and then we'll start to see some ramps. So it's been -- I think it's been pushed out a little bit from at least what I think our expectations were a quarter ago in this call. I think I was a little more bullish on what would happen in the June quarter and, in fact, it's pushed out.
Jon Olson: So yes. So our current statement is for the second half of this year be to the low end of the margin, and there's no doubt that we believe that we'll continue to work on that. And our goal is to operate 64% to 66%. It isn't just to be sitting at the bottom during the whole time. So I think there's a reasonable chance that based on the information we can see today is that we will be up at least in the midpart of that range in '13 based on what I see today.
Jon Olson: Yes, well, the fact that our backlog was up, that would indicate bookings were equal or greater actually than our billings for the quarter. So if you look at our book to bill, I think that's a reasonable conclusion to draw from that, yes.
Jon Olson: So the reserve will all be taken in the September quarter because the employees all been informed of their status, so that will occur in that quarter. And we expect to be able to save on an annual basis $1 million to $2 million. Some of that gets put back into some headcount and low-cost geographies. But generally, there will be some help on the R&D line over time.
Jon Olson: No, I mean, I think certainly in the Defense business, there are designs that you win or designs that you win. We've continued to be able to grow our Defense business on an annual basis, and we're still very positive about that segment. We had a very strong quarter. We tend to have more strength towards the middle and the end of the calendar year because of the timing of things. And I would say we're pretty much on track, and I'll say seasonal from the standpoint of the Defense business in that area. So we're not seeing any pullback from any of the programs that we're associated with at this point in time. So everything's pretty much on track for us in the defense side of thing.
Jon Olson: Okay. Well, thanks for joining us today. We have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time, 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time today. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our IR website. Our next earnings release date for the second quarter fiscal year '12 will be Wednesday, October 9, after the market close. This quarter, we'll be presenting at the Deutsche Bank Securities 2011 Technology Conference in Las Vegas on September 13. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Moshe Gavrielov: So from our perspective, our midrange actually covers a lot of the high end, and our high end is actually higher end than their high. So we see a lot of activity there both on the Virtex side and on the high end of the Virtex side, which is the SSIT where there's a unique product, which actually has no competition. The 2000T and the 1500T are much larger than the monolithic dyes, which we have and anyone, any competitor has. So that's a place where we actually have no competition. The activity there is very high. It's driven by prototyping, by Wired Communications, by test and measurement equipment. All of these will typically stretch the edge of the envelope, and we're on schedule and we made the choice to address the midrange first and then within 2 months have the high end part out. It's out. It's working -- no, we're working on the tweaks that are necessary to bring it into production. We're very confident that we have a good footprint there.
Moshe Gavrielov: So if you look at our Wireless business, there's tremendous strength in the end market in North America and there's tremendous strength in India. China is at a bit of a lull at this point and we expect it to grow somewhat. But most of the bounce we see at this point is driven by deployments in North America and India and less in China at this point.
Moshe Gavrielov: So it's really broad, and we clearly, in terms of introducing the product, we're behind the competition on the high end. But on the Spartan side, we are the only guys who have a solution, and it's a very good solution. And between the 2 of those, those 2 together, we expect to, at that node over time, reach the 50% point. I think that's our target, which sort of clips the fact that we -- it isn't where we traditionally have been just due to the lateness, but we target is to get 50%. And we have a very strong product offering on the Virtex-6 side now, which is out. Transceivers are working. We're told that they are the best in the industry on the Virtex-6 side. They beat anything else that the competition may have in terms of the quality of the signals and the I, et cetera and the [indiscernible] of those characters. So we're seeing increased design win at the high end. And obviously, it's still up and running at the low end. That will continue for some period of time best we can tell.
