Lisa Su: Yes. Great, Ben. Thanks for the question. So first of all on sort of MI300 and the customer evolution, we are very happy with how MI300 has progressed. When we started the year, I think the key point for us was to get our products into our customers' data centers, to have them qualify their workloads, to really ramp in production and then see what the production capabilities are especially performance and all of those things. And I can say now being sort of more than halfway through the year, we've seen great progress across the board. As we look into the second half of the year I think we would expect that MI300 revenue would continue to ramp in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And we are continuing to expand both current deployments with our existing customers, as well as we have a large pipeline of customers that we are working through that are getting familiar with our architecture and software and all that stuff. So I’d say overall, very pleased with the progress, and really continuing right on track to what we expected from the capabilities of the product. As we go into next year, I mean one of the important things that we announced at Computex, was increasing and expanding our road map. I think we feel really good about our road map. We are on track to launch MI325 later this year. And then next year, our MI350 Series, which will be very competitive with Blackwell Solutions. And then we're well on our way to our CDNA Next as well. So I think, overall we remain quite bullish on the overall AI market. I think the market continues to need more compute. And we also feel very good that our hardware and software solutions are getting good traction, and we are continuing to expand that pipeline.
Lisa Su: Yes, sure Aaron. Thanks for the question. So we are very pleased with the progress that we've made with EPYC. I think a couple of things. First of all, in terms of competitive positioning and just the traction in the market, our fourth-gen EPYC between Zen 1 Bergamo is really doing very well. We've seen broad adoption across cloud, and then we've been very focused on enterprise as well as third-party cloud instances. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we are starting to see very nice traction in enterprise with both new customers as well as existing customers, and then for third-party cloud adoption, also a good pickup there as well. So I think overall, I think our EPYC portfolio has done well. Going into the second half of the year, I think we also feel good about it. There are a couple of positives there. We see -- first of all the market looks like it's improving, so we have seen some return to spending in both enterprise and cloud. And so I think those are positive market trends. And then in addition to that, we are in the process of launching Turin. So we started production here in the second quarter and we are on track to launch broadly in the second half of the year. We'll see some revenue of Turin in the second half of the year contributing as well. So overall, I think the server market and our ability to continue to grow share in the server market is one of the things that we see in the second half of the year.
Lisa Su: Yes, absolutely. So let me start with your original question. I mean, I think looking at 325X, we are on track to launch later this year. From a revenue standpoint there will be a small contribution in the fourth quarter but it really is still mostly the MI300 capabilities. And 325 will start in the fourth quarter and then ramp more in the first half of next year. And then as we look at the 350 Series, what we are seeing and the reason we call it a series is because there will be multiple SKUs in that series that we'll go through the range of, let's call it, air-cooled to liquid-cooled. In spending time with our customers. I think there are people who certainly want more rack level solutions, and we are certainly doing much more in terms of system-level integration for our products. You will see us invest more in system-level integration. But we also have many customers who want to use their current infrastructure. I think the beauty of the MI350 series is, it actually fits into the same infrastructure as the MI300 series. And so it would lend itself to, let's call it a pretty fast ramp if you've already invested in 300 or 325. So we see the range of options, and that's part of the expansion of the road map that we are planning.
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Ross. So first, we are very pleased with our Client business results. I think we have a very strong road map, so I'm very pleased with the road map. The Zen 5 based products, we're launching both notebook and desktop in the middle of this year. What we've seen is actually very positive feedback on the product. So we just actually launched the first Strix-based notebooks over the weekend. They went on sale. You may have seen some of the reviews. The reviews are very positive. Our view of this is the AI PC is an important add to the overall PC category. As we go into the second half of the year, I think we have better seasonality in general, and we think we can do, let us call it above-typical seasonality, given the strength of our product launches and when we are launching. And then into 2025, you're going to see AI PCs across sort of a larger set of price points which will also open up more opportunities. So overall, I’d say, the PC market is a good revenue growth opportunity for us. The business is performing well. The products are strong. And we are working very closely with both the ecosystem partners, as well as our OEM partners to have strong launches here into the second half of the year.
Lisa Su: Look, I think at this point the PC market is a big market and we are underrepresented in the market. I’d say that we take all of our competition very seriously. That being the case, I think our products are very well positioned.
Lisa Su: Yes, absolutely, Matt. So look as I said earlier, we are very pleased with the progress that we are making on the Instinct road map. This is absolutely a long-term play so absolutely, you are correct. It has a lot of parallels to the EPYC journey, where you really have to -- you gain more opportunities, broader workloads, larger deployments as you go from generation to generation. So we are playing the long game here. Our conversations with our customers, so I’d start with first, in the near-term, we had some very key milestones that we wanted to pass this year. And as I said, they related to getting hardware in volume in multiple hyperscalers, as well as large Tier 2 customers. We've done that. We've now seen our software in a lot of different environments, and it is matured substantially. ROCm is in very -- from a standpoint of features, functions, out-of-box performance, getting to performance with customers, we've gained a lot of confidence and learned a lot in that whole process. The networking aspects of building out the rack scale and the system-level items are areas that we are continuing to invest in. And then the point of having long-term conversations across multiple generations is also really important. So I think all of those things have progressed well. We view this as very good progress for MI300, but we have a lot more to do. And I think the various road maps will help us open up those opportunities over the next couple of years.
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, Vivek. Well, I mean I think you talk to a lot of the same people that we talk to. I think the overall view on AI investment is we have to invest. I mean the industry has to invest. The potential of AI is so large to impact the way enterprises operate and all that stuff. So I think the investment cycle will continue to be strong. And then relative to the various choices for the size of the market, I firmly believe that there will be multiple solutions, whether you are talking about GPUs or you are talking about custom chips or ASICs, there will be multiple solutions. In our case, I think we've demonstrated a really strong road map and the ability to partner well with our customers. And from the standpoint of that deep engagement, hardware, software co-optimization is so important in that. And for large language models, GPUs are still the architecture of choice. So I think, the opportunity is very large. And I think our piece of that is really strong technology with strong partnerships with the key AI market makers.
Lisa Su: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question Joe. So as we said on MI300, there are lots of great characteristics about it. One of them is our memory bandwidth and memory capacity is leading the industry. From that standpoint, the early deployments have largely been inference in most cases, and we have seen fantastic performance from an inference standpoint. We also have customers that are doing training. We've also seen that from a training standpoint, we've optimized quite a bit our ROCm software stack, to make it easier for people to train on AMD. And I do expect that we'll continue to ramp training over time. As we go forward, I think you'll see -- the belief is that inference will be larger than training from a market standpoint. But from an AMD standpoint, I’d expect both inference and training to be growth opportunities for us.
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure, Toshiya. Thanks for the question. So on the supply side, let me make a couple of comments and then maybe I'll let Jean comment on sort of the trajectory for the business. So on the supply side, we made great progress in the second quarter. We ramped up supply significantly exceeding $1 billion in the quarter. I think the team has executed really well. We continue to see line of sight to continue increasing supply as we go through the second half of the year. But I will say that the overall supply chain is tight and will remain tight through 2025. So under that backdrop, we have great partnerships across the supply chain. We've been building additional capacity and capability there. And so we expect to continue to ramp as we go through the year. And we'll continue to work both supply as well as demand opportunities, and really that's accelerating our customer adoption overall, and we'll see how things play out as we go into the second half of this year.
Lisa Su: Yes. Maybe Stacy, let me give you the following color. So the Gaming business is down double digit as you state. Think of it as the Data Center is the largest piece of it, client next. And then on the Embedded side think of it as single-digit sequential growth.
Lisa Su: Yes. So again, without being that granular, we will see both -- certainly, the Instinct GPUs will grow and we'll see also very nice growth on the server side.
Lisa Su: Yes. So Harsh, overall, maybe if I take a step back and just talk about how the systems are evolving, there is no question that the systems are getting more complex, especially as you go into large training clusters, and our customers need help to put those together. And that includes the sort of Infinity Fabric-type solutions that are the basis for the UALink things as well as just general rack level system integration. I think what you should expect, Harsh is, first of all, we're very pleased with all of the partners that have come together for UALink. We think that's an important capability. But we have all of the pieces of this already within sort of the AMD umbrella with our Infinity Fabric, with the work with our networking capability through the acquisition of Pensando. And then you'll see us invest more in this area. So this is part of how we help customers get to market faster is by investing in all of the components, so the CPUs, the GPUs, the networking capability as well as system-level solutions.
Lisa Su: Yes. So Blayne, a lot of pieces to that question, so let me try to address them. First, on your question about I think you are basically asking about the supercomputing piece. That was mainly Q4 and a bit in Q1. So if you think about our Q2 revenue, think about it as almost all AI. So it is MI300X, it's for large AI, hyperscalers as well as OEM customers going to enterprise and Tier 2 data centers. So that's the makeup of the customer set. And then in terms of the various pieces of what we're doing, I think first on your question about memory, I think there's a lot of noise in the system. I wouldn't really pay attention to all that noise in the system. I mean, this has been an incredible ramp. And I'm actually really proud of what the team has done in terms of just definitely fastest product ramp that we've ever done to $1 billion here in the -- over $1 billion in the second quarter, and then ramping each quarter in Q3 and Q4. In terms of memory, we have multiple suppliers that we've qualified on HBM3. And it is a tricky -- memory is a tricky business but I think we've done it very well and that's there. And then we are also qualifying HBM3E for future products with multiple memory suppliers as well. So to your overarching question of what are the things that we're doing, the exciting part of this is that the ROCm capability has really gotten substantially better because so many customers have been using it. And with that, what we look at is out of box performance, how long does it take a customer to get up and running on MI300? And we've seen, depending on the software that companies are using, particularly if you are based on some of the higher-level frameworks like PyTorch, et cetera, we can be out-of-the-box running very well in a very short amount of time, like let's call it, very small number of weeks. And that's great because that's expanding the overall portfolio. We’re going to continue to invest in software and that was one of the reasons that we did the Silo AI acquisition. It is a great acquisition for us, 300 scientists and engineers. These are engineers that have experience with AMD hardware and are very, very good at helping customers get up and running on AMD hardware. And that's -- so we view this as the opportunity to expand the customer base with talent like Silo AI, like Nod.ai which brought a lot of compiler talent. And then we continue to hire quite a bit organically. So I think Jean said earlier that we see leverage in the model, but we are going to continue to invest because this opportunity is huge, and we have all of the pieces. This is just about building out scale.
Lisa Su: Sure, Tom. So I think you actually said it well. We are launching Zen 5 desktops and notebooks with volume ramping in the third quarter. And that’s the primary reason that we see above-seasonal. The AI PC element is certainly 1 element of that, but there is just the overall refresh. Usually, desktop launches going into a third quarter are good for us, and we feel that the products are very well positioned. So those are the primary reasons.
