Matt Poirier: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. With me are Victor Peng, CEO; and Lorenzo Flores, CFO. We will provide a financial and business review of the March quarter in fiscal year 2019 overall as well as provide the business outlook for the June quarter. Lorenzo will also share some color for how we see our fiscal year 2020 ahead of our Analyst and Investor Day where we will provide detailed full year guidance. Let me remind everyone that during our conference call today, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the Company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions based on information that is currently available and that actual results may differ materially. We refer you to documents the Company files with the SEC, including our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks. These documents contain and identify important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. In addition to GAAP financial measures, we will be disclosing certain supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by management to evaluate the Company's financial results. We provide these measures to facilitate period-to-period comparability for purposes of evaluating continuing business operations by excluding the effects of non-recurring and unusual items, such as amortization of intangibles and certain one-time items related to acquisition. We believe that sharing these non-GAAP measures will be helpful for analysts and investors in analyzing the Company's ongoing core business. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial information to the closest GAAP measure is included in our earnings release and has been posted on our Investor Relations website. This conference call is open to all and is being webcast live, and it can be accessed from our Xilinx' Investor Relations website. Let me now turn the call over to Victor.
Matt Poirier: Yes. And look from our perspective, anything we can do that aligns with the strategy that ultimately balances the time to achieve the returns that we're guiding to against the value that we're providing through an investment or through an acquisition. We're certainly very focused on balancing that. Appropriately from a VC perspective, we do have a venture activity that has been more active for the last two fiscal years. We'll talk more about that in the Analyst Day. But from an increase in the ecosystem engagement with data center partners, applications providers, I'm helping to build our Alveo ecosystem, increasing engagement with Xilinx's platform, that's all part of the focus. And then to Victor's point, whether that's a tuck-in acquisition. That's more technology and team focused versus a larger business acquisition. Those will absolutely be down along with the strategy of the company across our elements we've provided more contexts on.
Matt Poirier: Well, thanks for joining us today. We'll have a playback of this call beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific, 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time. For a copy of our earnings release, please visit our Investor Relations website. Our next earnings release dated for the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 will be Wednesday, July 24 after the market close. We will be hosting our Analyst and Investor Day in New York City on May 14. We look forward to seeing you there. This completes our call. Thank you very much for your participation.
Victor Peng: Yes, thanks. First of all, I'm glad you modify that with baseband because radio we’re going be stronger than ever. And as I said, there is going to be more radio and we're going to capture more content there. So within the baseband side, again, we historically have always even after ASIC displacement, retain some revenue streams from the baseband. And it's very early start at the second half of last year and coming into the beginning part of this year, we still see continued higher than typical revenues. I'd say kind of difficult to sort of call the exact transition, because obviously that depends on really external factors of which we don't have complete visibility. I think the takeaway is that we build into the fact that we see where we don't have solid persistence that we do expect some of that to roll off, and so it's kind of built into how we think about things. And again, you'll hear more details about FY 2020 at Analyst and Investor Day. But it is not unsubstantial however, again, just think about it that we build that into our plans. Okay, so it's not like where we expect to have longer persistence than what would be prudent.
Victor Peng: So let me take the first partition. So look first of all, as you said, it's really a very different place in terms of the magnitude and size. And by the way, I want to also clarify, we're far from peaking, right, because this is just a very early stage of 5G. 5G is going to continue on for quite some time, because 5G is very ambitious. I mean, we see 5G being factors larger than 4G over its entirety. And the other thing is that we're talking about very advanced technologies, right, I mean the kinds of expense for developing silicon back in the initial deployment of 4G is significantly by many factors different, right, so I think you need to think about it that way as well. And then, I'll begin the part – the starting part about the margins, I’ll let Lorenzo pickup from there. I don't think the way you've got to think about it is if it comes back there for while, it's goes down substantially. I think we are seeing a much heavier mix, and I think what we're trying to get across here is that other markets strengthened, we get a little bit broader strengthened, so that's the way should look at it as opposed to this big drop off in wireless.
Victor Peng: Well, again, I think we're in very early stages of the 5G deployment. We do have very good confidence that over the whole run of this cycle that this will be again factors larger even with some displacement of baseband as we said. There will be some degree of [indiscernible], but I think that overall the trend will be more growth. Again, we're not giving full-year guidance here, we're giving sort of the qualitative guidance now. And we want to tell that with the fullness of the whole story at the Investor Day. But overall, I would say, yes, we think that 5G is definitely a growth driver. I want to say that we're still in the very early innings of that, but there will be still some pursiness depending upon the deployments as everyone knows, right. So Korea led the way initially, now they're gearing up for China. That's going to happen this year. Some of the geographies will come along and this is just the beginning.
Victor Peng: Okay. So first, with regards to the data center and D cell in the last quarter, I would bracket that as a couple of things. One is, as you know, data center revenue includes some of the traditional data center we've always had, right. So not acceleration, not some of the new emerging areas, but it does include some of the emerging areas. And then in the past, we've talked about how crypto was quite small, but we had mentioned that. I'll do with the last one first, it was pretty small, but essentially went to zero, so that attributed a little bit to it. In our traditional business it's kind of business that we've had all along. We had one customer that had just a pause, I would say, and we expect that to rebound. Now on the more interesting business, we had – that is has to do with acceleration and where we see the biggest growth opportunity, also coming off of last quarter. One customer took a bit of a pause, but we expect that to sort of come back. I think the bigger picture here is for data center is that it's an emerging area, as I said, we've been still building foundation and we don't have a huge breadth and depth with multiple customers. So we will be a little bit exposed in this early phases when there are some key customers have shift the pauses. But it's not a trend, I mean if we saw it went down and we trend down and we're seeing breadth in that. We will be projecting something different obviously, but because of that it's not something you should feel, as I said, it's trend right. We had a one quarter D cell, and we see that picking up again.
Victor Peng: So now on to Versal. First, we take that as expected. We're actually only short weeks away from getting a silicon in-house. So we're really excited about that. We have multiple early customer engagements across multiple markets. That does include communications, includes automotive for autonomous driving, and includes test, it's pretty broad. If anything I would say that the limitations on sort of lighthouse engagements is more on some of us enabling to provide enough support when things are in fairly early stages, but obviously once we start sampling that's going to widen out, but we see that as very strong interest in Versal. So we're very excited about that.
Victor Peng: Well, let me first talk a little bit, and then Lorenzo please add color. So one thing again, first on data center you put those together with wireless. While data center is maybe not as in our margin strong a certain other things like aerospace and defense or TME, it's much closer to what our historical kinds of ranges have been at the corporate level. So I'm not sure I would group both of them together. I think, again, we have to keep perspective. I think maybe there is a feeling as though everything rises and falls completely on wireless. And there's three elements to our strategy, right. So data center, growth and driving growth in all of our core markets, meaning that our broader markets, right, where we have very healthy margins we intend to continue to grow as we step for FY 2019. We had double-digit growth across all the market. So it's really not just about how we have ebb and inflow with wireless alone, it's also how we're doing in other core markets. And you heard Lorenzo just mentioned, part of the reason why despite that we had strength in wireless for few quarters, was it more accentuated and the gross margin drop, it has much to do with drops in other segments that are very strong and profitability versus simply wireless. And then in terms of what we're doing on OpEx, I think we will always try and manage our expenses very carefully. But I think I've also said in the past that we are going to lean into growth. We are investing for long-term growth. We're not going to do anything that isn't going to pay a significant return in the future, but you might see some ebbing and flowing of leverage in the near-term, but we are confident that of course we keep this growth. You will see leverage. But in any given quarter, we may be more of an investment mode. I already said in my opening comments that the coming fiscal year, which you will hear more details about at the Investor Conference that once we get Versal, we'll be doing some more 7-nanometer tape outs. We have to keep building our ecosystem. There are things that we have to invest now to keep these double-digit kind of growth rates, and that's sort of what our position is.
Victor Peng: Okay. So first, let me explain the TME, I'm glad you asked that. So recall the TME actually has got a bunch of sub-segments within that. One of them includes semiconductor test. For a while, semiconductor test was in very strong position. But as we all know, particularly in the memory side, things dramatically weakened. So we did see general semiconductor test weakened for us. Another sub segment is emulation prototyping. And I think Lorenzo maybe bleakly alluded to that, but I will say that we did have one significant customer that, you can kind of say that sort of in a bit of a transition situation. So there was a pause there and that wasn't exactly expected. Having said that, we also saw some strength, but it wasn't enough to overcome those headwinds and the strength was in some advanced testers, because of 5G being deployed, right. So even when that TME, we have some diversity, it just happened to fairly big elements at this point weakened, but again, we do see in the second half of FY 2020 that strengthened again. And yes, sorry about all the acronyms, I'm sure once you get used to the PLAs, actually be better clarity, because we are separating things out more giving you a more granularity. But I think your general proposition that, yes, kind of like the gross – the enterprise level gross margin will rebalance as much, because other things are coming into play. And again, of course, wireless is still matter, but it's not solely moving just on wireless. So Lorenzo, you want to...
Victor Peng: Yes. I mean, there were few things that made delivery something that we have to work very diligently with. I would say that we manage through some of those challenges, you mentioned one, there were other things. I think everybody knows the TSMC's issue around their photoresist. And we managed through that, it was a big effort, but we did manage through that. So you shouldn't take away that we had any impact due to that, but I would say that we had to execute very, very heavily. And it did sort of I guess, what I'd say is that caused a lot of navigation and what we had to deliver like for instance wireless like that. That is something that all our key customers were hitting – shooting for some deployment date. So that absolutely had to get shifted at some level. But I think overall, our operations team did really well working with our supply chain to not have anything material happened with regard to that. So – but good point there were some challenges.
Victor Peng: Yes, again, I'll go back and say, we'll talk about this more on Analyst day, but just to reiterate some of the things you said. I mean our content will be higher, particularly in radio, and there will be both, because we're adding a lot more value, we're not just doing the same types of products we've done in the past. And also because of the shift in the more radio units shipped in the 5G and 5G will just deploy more, there are many different form factors, not just about traditional macro base stations, right. There is small cells nor there is all kinds of different deployments. And then we've talked several times now base station. So generally, I would say, qualitatively, yes, we expect to have both more content, particularly in the radio, and then there's going to be more of them. So – but please stay tuned for the Analyst Day.
Victor Peng: One thing maybe I'd like to point out is like, the DeePhi of course, that was a team that has deep expertise and innovative IP and machine learning, which is actually quite broad, right. It's just not data center, it's actually quite broad. The announcement of our intention to try and acquire Solarflare that's more related to specifically the networking opportunity that we've talked about in data center. But also within that, they have – as far as R&D goes, it's predominantly software and systems kind of expertise. I think that strongly in my opening remarks that we are also looking to see how we complement our expertise. I think we're well known being really leaders and doing very advanced silicon and a lot of software close to the metal so to speak. So I think the other trend you can kind of see is us going out and getting talent in IP that complements and brings us higher up the solution stack, if you will.
Victor Peng: I mean, let me again answer that qualitatively. The other thing that we haven't yet said just to sort of bring your attention to is that, people that are shipping now on volume for this early phase of 5G, they're using very advanced technologies, right. This is our 16-nanometer very leading-edge technologies, certainly there many communications people that are looking at Versal already, even before silicon arrives. In the early part of when we have new products, right, if they're – they still have room in terms of cost reduction, in terms of yields and other things we do to optimize and reduce our cost to some extent the other fact about this being deployed sooner than we expected is, it's happening at a point in our kind of our cost road maps that are reasonable, but it has certainly has room for improvement. And so we're working very aggressively towards that, right. So that's one point, right. I think the other thing is, in general, we're trying to and we are adding more value by doing things like integrating high-performance analog technology monolithically. And we're doing other things to create value and therefore support higher margins through that perspective. And we talked about the mix enough, but what I would say is there's no one silver bullet, right. It's just basically working hard at a bunch of things, both on the cost side, on the value side, on just how we go to market and things like that. So that's what we're doing.
Victor Peng: So let me first talk to the first part. In general, I'd say, yes, absolutely. We think we have higher market share now. We think that's actually going to expand. It's still early days in 5G, but I think based on a number of factors. One is, the RFSoC, which we just expanded that offering there is still no competitor that had that kind of a device. Yes, people are talking about when they might have integrated in a package advanced analog or when they might tape out in the monolithic high performance logic together with ADCs and DACs. We've done it. We've been in the market for some time now. We've already announced our follow-on products, so that's just one example. Why we think that we will – we are adding more value. Therefore, we're going to get more content in share. The other thing I would point out compared to all the generations, all the generations what's being used is a pure FPGA. RFSoC has a fully integrated multi-core SoC, so there is a software element. So there is more stickiness to it. People are also re-architecting the entire radio architecture where people are looking at having machine learning and other things to sort of have adaptive being forming all kinds of other technologies, which nobody was thinking about the 4G generation, right. So the problem in 5G is much more challenging, and we are delivering to our customers more value to help them meet those challenges and we've got out to market sooner, so a lot of leadership on multiple dimensions.
Victor Peng: Okay. Yes, so for the first part, I don't – again, I think our position on radio is strong and actually getting stronger. I don't really see the ASIC replacement. Again, there is no one even the big players from either the analog side or digital side that has integrated such high performance capability in that. And again, we have other aspects of the IP, not just ADCs and DACs, but some of things we do with the SoC as well as the fabric itself, and other areas we're adding value to the overall platform, if you will. So I don't think we have much risk there. We've been very open about the baseband side, and that's probably our greatest risk in terms of ASIC displacement. In terms of future generations, I think we are talking about this process node. We absolutely will support in the 7-nanometer generation. Versal is the name of a product family. We have six sub families that we refer to a series. So there is an RF Series with Versal 7-nanometer, but that's a ways out. And we will be supplying, delivering and driving revenue for a number of years for the 16-nanometer generation. When we are out there with the 7-nanometer since we do investment in that entire portfolio, we still get a good return. Again, against the fact that our architectures are scalable and also modular, and I said multiple times Versal is going to hit essentially over time every end market that we have. So it's a very – it's still a very leveraged investment, a very big investment, getting bigger with each advanced node. But it will be – it will provide a very good return.
Victor Peng: We don't usually give that, and quite frankly, I don't know the exact number. We have substantial revenue in both at the moment. Again, please attend the Analyst Day and we'll give you more color. But let's just say, it's - we have strengthened both right now. And again, I think over time, of course, probably radio will still be a larger proportion, but please you can repeat that question at our Investor Day.
Victor Peng: Yes, so first of all, I want to reaffirm what you said that, yes, we traditionally have been stronger in radio than baseband. And if anything, we will be even stronger in the radio, and there are more radios. Now you're also right that we have greater strength right now in this early phase on the baseband, and why is that? That's kind of interesting, right. There's a few things. One is that we're not just the same old FPGA, technology and what we've implemented in UltraScale+ is really advanced, right. And there is very few people still that have the breadth and the scale of products. Our products are very flexible. Therefore, when standards are only frozen pretty soon and then people want to deploy. The carriers want to deploy. We can get you there, right. Our adaptability and flexibility enables you to go-to-market very rapidly even in a very changing dynamic market. So I think that highlights one of our key value propositions, which now with our capability being significantly more than in the 4G generation is coming to the floor. I'd say, the counter side to it, these ASICs are really hard. There are fewer companies that have either the financial justification for the assets required or even the technical capabilities to execute that well, particularly in a changing market. So ASICs need some degree of stability and spaces in order to get taped out, and the things are always changing, you just can't do it. That you have to sort of do with the super set of everything, which kind of defeats the whole purpose of doing an ASIC, so I think there's kind of a relative thing going on here. That all said, again, we've just been very candid that we don't see that the strength that we have in the near-term that necessarily going to completely persist. We will always maintain some position. But then 7-nanometer comes, because we've taken it up several levels in the architectural innovation and 7-nanometers, we hope to be able to capture more than the historical norm.
Lorenzo Flores: Right. So I think at this point Ambrish, before Analyst Day, I want to stay in a relatively qualitative space in terms of providing guidance or shaping the year in terms of gross margin. What we're trying to communicate and just really to elaborate a little bit on what Victor laid out is, we are at this point in the year seeing a very heavy concentration on wireless. It is significantly bigger than we have seen in the past, and that is as everybody follows the company knows puts pressure on our gross margins. So we see in the second half as I tried to lay out in my comments that other elements of the business, including ones that are traditionally stronger gross margin will continue to grow and balance out our mix. And when I say more typical, I think I'm pointing to ranges we would have seen in the past. I'd like to leave it at that until we get to Analyst Day. That's okay.
Lorenzo Flores: On our rebound just to finish up a point Victor brought about the crypto, the rebound we see going into the June quarter has no crypto element to it whatsoever.
Lorenzo Flores: Two phenomenon work against us. One is, maybe the bad news from good news, which is the wireless business for other reasons Victor as talked about was very strong. So that's good news, but it does put pressure on our margins. The second, in a couple of our other end markets, particularly in test measurement emulation, we were below our expectations for the quarter. So that put more downward pressure on our margins.
Lorenzo Flores: Yes, I actually don't have much to add to what Victor said, it's just that despite our lot of discussion right now on wireless, we do extract a great deal of horizontal leverage out of our investments, both in R&D and SG&A, and we extract those over time in a lot of ways. So I think the breadth of our end markets as Victor pointed out will provide us substantial profitability expansion in the long run.
Lorenzo Flores: Yes, you actually did a pretty good job, Ross, on the nomenclature. AIT include some relatively large revenue segment. And the first half, two of them will be relatively low, but we look to them and we have some visibility into what's driving the strength in the second half of the year. Those coming back heavier into our overall mix and the continued growth of other elements of our business that are closer to our corporate average gross margin, those will push the gross margin back up, as I described earlier.
Lorenzo Flores: Yes. And so with respect to the customer concentration question, our disclosure requirements at this time of the year are for 10% customer – greater than 10% customers for the year, and we didn't have any customers close to that. So we are – we do have, I guess, the top of the table, if you will, with several significant customers that it can ebb and flow in terms of who's specifically at the top of the table. But for our disclosure requirements for the year, we didn't have any 10% customers.
