Victor Peng: Thanks, Matt, and good afternoon, everyone. I’m pleased to report our results for the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and provide an update on our expectations for the third quarter and the remainder of the year. For Q2, we achieved sales of 833 million, which exceeded the midpoint of our revenue guidance, despite the impact of continuing trade restrictions with Huawei. DCG business bounced back as expected and had a very strong quarter with record revenue of 81 million, which represented 92% sequential and 24% year-over-year growth. This result was primarily driven by growth in sales to storage customers with some additional hyperscale customer demand and limited growth from cryptocurrency customers. In our core vertical markets, ABC revenues were in line with expectations, while AIT revenues were better than expected. WWG revenues were weaker than anticipated due to minimal sales of permissible products to Huawei. While we expedited our application process to the Department of Commerce in early Q2, we have not received any license approvals to expand the product set permissible to sell to Huawei. Through the first-half of fiscal 2020, we recognized revenue of approximately 50 million from Huawei, with the vast majority of that coming – that total coming in Q1 before restrictions were announced. Multiple research analysts had estimated our full-year revenue exposure to Huawei at approximately 6% to 8% of our total revenue, which is in the range of what we are anticipating at the beginning of the fiscal year. Considering the continued trade restrictions with Huawei and the uncertainty presented to our business, we believe it is prudent to remove all remaining revenue expectations related to Huawei from our fiscal 2020 outlook. Huawei is an important customer and we hope that an agreement between the U.S. and Chinese governments is reached as soon as possible, so we can resume engaging in a manner consistent with an important customer. Now, I’ll turn to some additional highlights for the second quarter. Revenue from our Advanced Products grew 29% year-over-year and represented approximately 74% of total sales. We saw broad based demand for our 16 nanometer UltraScale+ family, which continues to be a strong revenue driver for our business. Demand for our Zynq platform also continues to be strong, driven by the adoption of MPSoC in wireless applications as well as across our core vertical markets, particularly in our auto business. Our RFSoC is also deployed with multiple wireless customers and is being evaluated by many customers in other end markets. Overall, revenue for our Zynq family grew 61% year-over-year, which represented approximately 26% of total revenue in Q2. Customer feedback related to our Zynq family has been remarkable and gives us significant confidence in our transformation to a platform company. We hosted over 1,300 attendees at our Xilinx Developer Forum in San Jose earlier this month. At this sold-out event, we announced a breakthrough in a new, unified, open source software platform called Vitis. We expect that over time, Vitis will drive significantly more Xilinx platform engagement with software developers and data scientists. We continue to make good progress building out our global ecosystem of partners, customers, developers and applications, which now has reached nearly 7,000 developers over 750 IOCs [ph] and includes more than 90 applications now in production. We announced engagement with Microsoft Azure, which further demonstrates the breadth of hyperscale/hyperscaler relationships, which include Amazon, Alibaba, Baidu, Huawei, and Tencent. Microsoft announced that it will be deploying Alveo U250 accelerator cards in its Azure cloud. Amazon announced that it has expanded its EC2 F1 instances; and additionally, they are adapting SageMaker Neo to run on Xilinx technology. Samsung shared a collaboration on leveraging Versal ACAP to enable their next-generation of 5G solutions. We also saw many key ecosystem partners demonstrate examples of FPGAs being used for workload acceleration at the datacenter with increased presence of SmartSSDs and SmartNICs. Considering a challenging business environment, I'm pleased with the progress we continue to make with our strategy and platform transformation. I'll pause here and hand the call over to Lorenzo to walk you through the financials for the fiscal second quarter.
Victor Peng: Thanks, Lorenzo. And let me take this opportunity to express to you on behalf of the company and personally our appreciation and gratitude for all your contributions and accomplishments over the last decade at Xilinx. Thank you so much, Lorenzo.
Victor Peng: Yes. I think, from a sequential perspective, our Q3, as I said in my prepared remarks, that had a coincidence of a bunch of headwinds occurring sort of at the same time, right, some of which, as we said, we expected some of which were not expected. So, I would say, one thing is just a contrast to that. But we do have strong confidence in Q4, because it is broad across a number of things, including some strong wins that we have that we're tracking very closely and clearly are going to move as expected, right? So, I mean, obviously, I think it's really a contrast of the Q3 to the Q4, but we feel we have good visibility into Q4.
Victor Peng: So, from what we see, we do think that there are approximately on the path of the base station deployments they said they were initially going to do in China. Clearly, the Huawei had a significant impact, but they're not our only customer in China. So, we are still participating in China deployment. Clearly, though, Huawei has a big impact. I think there are some second order things, too, but I think it's probably simple to say that overall, I think it sounds like the first point is about on track, we are participating, but not with one of the top players.
Victor Peng: Again, I can't really speak to how other customers justify, how they believe they can ship. We obviously have been tracking this extremely carefully with our internal and external counsel. We talked to the Department of Commerce. We applied, as I said in our prepared remarks, our licenses, none of those have come through. I guess, one thing I would say is that, many people supply to Huawei, because they have a very diversified business. 5G being explicitly cited as the security issue, there could be differences there. But all I can say is that, we're following all the rules and regulations. But we're carefully monitoring this and we put in licenses and we just haven't had anything approved yet.
Victor Peng: Actually, you did a fairly good job hitting some of the points. I mean, I – in complete candor, and as I said in the prepared remarks, we're seeing great traction. The opportunities still continue to be really great, but we have learned that in some cases getting to that production from proof-of-concepts, what I refer to as POCs, and also just qualification of some, that is taking a bit longer than we expected and just we hadn't anticipated. But as we – as I said, we have now folded that into our go-forward, so that's one thing. The other thing is, you hit it exactly right. Huawei did have an FPGA as a Service, FaaS program and we had to stop that. We're still working through things around that, but that had an impact. And then I would say that there was, as we expressed some digestion, some pullback. Having said all of that, our second half is quite a bit stronger than our first and 30% growth is our estimate if we come in midpoint to our guide, it is a strong guide. It's an emerging market. We clearly feel good about this long-term opportunity in being over $1 billion, but sometimes in the emerging market, it's a little challenging to get the timing exactly right, but yes, that's – those are the points to the degree you kind of hit on.
Victor Peng: Yes, CJ. So, let me say that. First of all, just to reiterate, what you said is that, we – for the remainder of FY 2020, I think we delist everything that we're aware of, right? I don't want to give any specific for FY 2021, but just the broader picture. Our view has not changed from the Analyst Days. 5G is definitely going to be a bigger deployment overall. It's a bigger opportunity for us, because we're not just doing the same old thing. We're innovating delivering more value to our customers with things like RFSoC, with things like Versal. So, we still feel good about that. Obviously, the big variants from that day – and Analyst Day has been the whole trade situation, but I guess, what I would say is that, we're still in early innings on deployment. So, as those other innings come through, and as some of the things that trials the things, we have at RFSoC go into production and we get wins in Versal and so forth and even the wins we have in MPSoC. We still think this is a strong opportunity. And, of course, we'll give you the FY 2021 in the usual timeframe right after this fiscal year.
Victor Peng: Yes. I guess, again, I really can't speak for others. I guess, what I would say is that, we do see softness in macroeconomic-related. And some of that is probably also somewhat related to the whole trade situation. We kind of expressed, I think, we expect even in Q1 that we have a, we call it, I think, I referred to it as a product transition or the key TME customer, giving a little more color that, that ramp is happening, but it's going to happen a little bit more spread out. So, that's an example in the analyst prototyping of one instance. Our channel definitely has stopped especially in Europe, also in Asia in auto, a little pause. But on the other hand, like, let's take auto, for instance. Like, ADAS is where we play, as you know. And even though near-term, auto units are down, what we're hearing from different signals that in 2020 – calendar 2020, right, that is going to strengthen. And so, we see that and we still have already shipping units that will just continue to ramp in ADAS, as well as being designed into fully autonomous driving. So, I guess, what it is, is the confidence that we actually see the dip in Q3, but we are seeing from multiple markets. So, it's kind of broad. It's – I won't say that, it's just one market. It is broad that we're seeing it coming back in Q4. And so – and then a few key things where we’re very confident just because of – we know those programs very, very well.
Victor Peng: Yes. I know this is a pretty packed, pre-prepared statements, because we did want to give a lot of color. So, just to reiterate, yes, you're exactly spot on. With Huawei, the $50 million was predominantly in Q1 prior to the restrictions going in place. Last quarter, we had determined that even with the restrictions, there's some older products that we could legally continue to ship. It turns out that revenue was very essentially negligible, which is why after one quarter of seeing that and not seeing any additional license approvals, we have decided that it's just proven to take all the risk out there means in fiscal year. With regard to Solarflare, that closed – that only closed in July. So, you’re right, it's only the first full quarter of revenue in the December quarter and it's what we expect, okay, $10 million, on the order of 10 million-ish, you know but we did the acquisition from a strategic perspective of – they really bring the software and driver expertise and overall system expertise, complementing our strength in silicon in the hardware. And so, we're feeling very good about the integration and the engagements we have in front of that. The revenue is also what we expect. But I think really more important, the strategic thesis now that they're part of us, we feel even better about.
Victor Peng: It's actually very detail, so I wouldn't want to give you, I don’t think it's appropriate to try and breakdown exactly. I would say it would be, if Huawei had applied for in early July, all got approved, it would be meaningful. I wouldn't necessarily say the entirety, but it would be meaningful. And clearly, if that happen, we would continue to try and seek licenses. But unfortunately, like nothing has been approved. And, as they said, the small set of mostly older products, it hasn't had any kind of meaningful revenue, so we've just decided to de-risk it.
Victor Peng: Yes. I mean, we still have meaningful wireless business, but yes, the base band ASICs, which we had said, even on Analyst Day that we expect that was going to happen, that has happened. We do still have some position, but I don't think it's very significant at this point in base band. I think we've always said that even ASIC replacement, as you know, Joe is not new to us. We've always said that our opportunities is bigger in the radio, but even in the future that we expect some degree of base band revenue, but we had an outsized amount earlier, and I think we're upfront about that. But again, I would sort of say that, we – it is significant that it'd be radio, but we still do base band connectivity. Like, again, that's historically been the thing, where we were in the heart of the overall base band in the start of this early deployment.
Victor Peng: Well, first of all, regarding tariffs. Every time those things have occurred, we've analyzed those things and the tariffs don't directly impact us in anyway. There could be like secondary, tertiary, things of just being a damper on macroeconomics. But it doesn't impact us in a dark way. So, there was some relief there, but the restrictions on Huawei stayed intact for a long period of time, that would be the bigger thing than tariffs by far, which is why I think I've been consistent in saying that, we really hope that the governments can come to an agreement and resolve the structural issues. So, we can continue to engage with Huawei. Now that said, we're still just, again, I want to say that we're still participating in the China 5G. But clearly, they're a very big player there. And I don't want to speculate on what happens in the long-term, right? It's just too difficult. And we certainly look at different scenarios internally. So, we're prepared for things, but it's really clearly premature to speculate beyond FY 2020.
Victor Peng: Well, it's – that was definitely an impact, because people tend to think of Huawei is just purely wise, but actually they play in both places. And so, they're pretty substantial there. But it's not just a one customer. I think there has been some bonus in access in cable. I think that there's a particular situation, where things – people initially started to deploy than they took a more cautious approach, because, of course, with 5G, it’s both wireless and then ultimately the wired network has to be upgraded as well. And I think with all this uncertainty, there has been, as I said in my prepared remarks, some caution around that. So, Huawei is definitely a big deal, but it is not the only thing.
Victor Peng: Well, datacenter, as I said, we hit the midpoint of guide. It will be about a 30% year-on-year increase, and obviously, the first-half is a little softer. So, DCG is definitely robustly growing in the second-half, right? I mean, now Q2 was a record, so Q3 is coming off of that a little bit, but that was a record. But then we said that we've resumed sequential strength in DCG in Q4. So, overall, DCG is growing very strong. And yes, it'll be a record. In some of the other markets, I think, we – I think we had said that TME had earlier because of some product transitions that that was slowing down. And also, earlier semi is a little weak. So, in terms of semiconductor test, it was a variety of different things. But we had already expected that in the second-half things would strengthen. It's still going to strengthen, maybe a little more moderated than we had expected back in the spring, for sure, because of some of the macro – some of the other issues, but that's still happening. And, as we said, auto, people are starting to see, ADAS is still growing, auto is still going to pick up. It'll be double-digit. So, it's actually in Q4 kind of broad. Q3 is just – it really is kind of a perfect storm of a bunch of things some expected, some unexpected happening all at once. So, you have this big contrast there. But yes, that's how we see it right now.
Victor Peng: Well, again, first of all, what I would say is, if you look at our MPSoC and absolutely our RFSoC, those aren’t just pure FPGAs, right? So, I will – I really want to go back to those have multi core SOCs in them, they have a lot – a number of other features that are hardened and yet still flexible and programmable. And, of course, the RFSoC has integrated RF quality ADCs and DAC. There are no products in the marketplace even today after we've released this for quite some time out there. So, what we could do is, we could be used in different geographies, support different standards with the same piece of silicon. Obviously, we get people to market very rapidly. And there's just optimizations particularly and the trend to overran and where things virtualization. That's the disruption in an opportunity. And we definitely see that in the long range, that's a big thing. Then I could say, as we announced, ACAP a year ago, now we've delivered silicon and we're shipping that. We have development boards, that way not in FPGA, right? That's a whole new class of product. And absolutely, that's – I've said that we feel like we have an even stronger position versus pics – architectures. And if you heard about XCF in my prepared comments, it sounds someone was on the stage talking about how we're collaborating, looking at how ACAP continue to update their 5G roadmap, so…
Victor Peng: Yes, gosh, I mean, I – 18 months is pretty far out. I sort of feel that, that's not something we can give guidance on at this point in time. We clearly have de-risked everything that we've seen for the remainder of this fiscal year. We are in the early stages of deployment. So, I would generalize what your comment to say, clearly, there’s going to be several generations, as well as geographical deployments. Right now, it's South Korea and China, a little bit in Japan, but not very meaningful. So clearly, there will be other geographies that deploy and there'll be multiple generations of 5G equipment. So, we're engaged with all the OEMs worldwide, right, not just Samsung and Chinese only on this, but also the European. So, we're engaging in all of them. And so, yes, as these things deploy, we still feel again from a strategic perspective that opportunity is still great. Obviously, trade, we will have to see.
Victor Peng: Yes, I'll take the first part and then Lorenzo will work at that the remainder of this call here. Yes, look, the first part, I think, all three sub-segments are going to be meaningful drivers. I mean, they are obviously different in nature. I mean, overall, in the very long run, compute is still the largest segment. It's also in some respects, it is a long game, because that's the place where we really – we announced Vitis, we announced open source, where we're doing a lot of things to sort of give users that traditionally have not used our platform, feel comfortable and work in their own environment, like the machine – the artificial intelligence machine learning framework, like TensorFlow and so forth, right? So, that in the long run is the biggest opportunity, but it's also going to take time, because that's where ecosystem and all those tools and so on so forth can play a big role. But both SmartSSD and SmartNIC, whereas they may not be so large and long, they're also still quite meaningful. And there, we don't have those issues, right? We're engaged with multiple hyper scalars. We also had some OEM engagements. And we have – we've been setting up our channels by bars and size and so forth. And so, we see some really good opportunities there. So, again, it depends on your timeframe, which is going to be big contributors. We see contributions from all of them, quite frankly. And yes, we're really excited. But in full candor, we've learned that, it takes some time to get these POCs done, it takes some time to get all the requirements [Audio Gap], but now that we have those learnings. We're still going. We're going to go out there robustly.
