Victor Peng: Yes, great question, John. And look, I think the CIV has puts and takes in it, frankly. And what I would say is that it's hard to really quantify with precision, order of magnitude, think of it as low tens of millions. So our strength is due to what we said. In the data center, we had a very strong quarter. We had strength in WWG, but there was some CIV so in the Q1. Now in terms of Q2, we really see very little further on effect. We did say that in certain areas, there will be a little bit of digestion of that. But for the most part, I don't think it's really that meaningful. With regard to the RFSoC that is a very significant win, and we're really excited about the fact that it's the North American deployment. And it's just the start. So we do think that, that is something that we'll continue to deliver good revenue. Now as we said many times and in general, deployments, by definition, are somewhat bursty. So it's not like what we see going forward now in every single quarter, we'll see that kind of thing. But overall, it's the beginning of what we've said for quite some time. The RFSoC is a really unique product out there, and we're really excited to see another deployment. And so yes, I do think it's – it is the start of something bigger, and I think it is just the beginning of this one particular significant deployment.
Victor Peng: Yes, it was good uptick in terms of SmartNIC as well as compute. And also we're seeing fintech adoption, some good interest in fintech. Good amount of that is Solarflare, but we also have other engagements going on. So it's really nice to see. It was a record quarter for us, and we're really excited about that. And of course, we're still in a stage where you might see some burstiness from quarter-to-quarter. But obviously, the trend is in the right direction. And certainly, what we're doing with the ecosystem is encouraging so.
Victor Peng: Yes, what I would say is, first of all, we definitely see opportunity with the hyperscalers as well as, I think, enterprise over time and other players. I think everybody knows the hyperscales tends to move more aggressively and it takes a little bit longer to move into the enterprise. And so yes, and by the way, I think there's a combination of things going on. I mean, people just need to go to the higher bandwidth, but also people are doing different levels of offload and processing. So it is just the beginning, and it's a really exciting area for us. In terms of fintech, Solarflare already had a position, obviously, in financial technology. A lot of it was around their very low latency techniques. And we're still seeing that expanding. But now we're seeing it going beyond some of the traditional applications that they were in as well. And that bodes in terms of both those products, but also taking a look at Alveo for the route.
Victor Peng: Well I guess, I just would like to say again, I think he was really trying to clarify the big year-over-year drop, right. And we had talked about that on the previous earnings calls, and that's all these referring to. And again, I feel that we have a stronger position than ever against ASICs and competing as ASICs is not new, as you said. But I think people have over rotated into the notion that we always get designed out, but that’s really not been the case. And I think, again, Brice was just trying to clarify the big year-over-year change, but once you complete the second half of the question.
Victor Peng: Well, the way the way to think about it is, since we had a lower quarter on Aerospace, Defense test and measurement emulation. And we had a number of accelerations related to CIV, the CIV accelerations were in a lot of cases older products. And so that was a slight mix change just based on the end market mix for the quarter, and we'll expect that to, you know, flip as we go into the second quarter where you have. Where we'll have increased business in Aerospace and Defense, test measurement, emulation et cetera. So it's really just a reflection of – the end market mix for the quarter.
Victor Peng: So with regard to RFSoC, we see deployments in multiple geographies. In fact, at this point, we have deployments in all the major geographies. So – and we think that will continue. Again, it's been out in the market now for a while, and there's still no product like it in terms of fully integrated, monolithically integrated, high performance ADCs and DACs together with the digital processing. So that's been unique, and I really think that's kind of a long life and to be deployed in all the regions. With respect to share shift, I guess, that's what you're referring to in China. Look, we've seen some of that, but I would say that it's not super meaningful from what we can see. I think in some of the other geographies, I think everybody is aware that, of course, there is some more shifts to non-Chinese vendors in general, not just Huawei in Europe, and India certainly is moving in a different direction, although India, it's really delayed in terms of 5G, but just in terms of wireless infrastructure as a whole. So I'd say, yes, we do see some shifts. I mean nothing as of yet very material. But obviously, it's still a dynamic situation. And implicit in your comment, I guess, is around some of the recent restrictions around that impacts Hisilicon and Huawei. And again, I think it's probably still a very dynamic situation.
Victor Peng: It was mixed across the three groups I mentioned. When we think about it, we look at Q1 and Q2, and both quarters are stronger than we originally anticipated, the major driver being strength in data center, WWG and industrial businesses for the two quarters. Low tens of millions like we described in Q1, and the reason we say it's difficult to see is when we accelerated some of that product in Q1. We essentially had to displace product that we were shipping to other customers, and so some of that moves to Q2. So we just suggest, look at both quarters we're ahead of expectation in both quarters. We do think the net effect in Q1 was in the low 10s, and it was across those three end markets.
Victor Peng: We’re asking for licenses from the government, so those products had an exception. That exception was removed. We applied for licenses. We've gotten a number of licenses, so you know our hope would be that we'll be able to continue shipping the products to customers.
Victor Peng: So on the first part - back to the - when you say digestion, I don't know whether referring to CIV or just general digestion. I mean, in terms of the markets that had some impact with regard to CIV, the data center was probably the least. So that's one thing just to sort of put that in, in terms of a qualitative sense. But I think in general right like when we have deployments in the data center, You know usually is they do a buy and then they use that for a while they don't continuously buy that's just the nature of most of the purchases. And then as we said in the past as we're scaling this quarter the quarter things vary a bit. So, you know, this you know flat class just slightly down off of a record quarter I don't think you should read too much into this, you know, a tremendous amount of digestion going on right, that's one part of the question I guess. In terms of FAA versus sort of networking opportunities, you know we don't break out FAS specifically we just kind of put that as one sub category within compute. And I would say is that you know we saw winds and some, some good momentum in both areas, but I you know in terms of SmartNIC as well as in compute, I would say that, you know, for the near term, you know, there's good strength in both probably right now. A lot of really good activity on the SmartNIC side, I think the you know the real time video system that we had just this place was in great interest there first time that we have a much more of a turnkey solution. So, we'll see how that plays out into revenue, but I think there's strength in both areas compute as well as SmartNIC.
Victor Peng: So Versal is progressing really well. We're on track as exactly as planned to go into their for production at the end of this year. And that's – and of course, we had the big announcement in terms of Samsung and their 5G equipment. We have multiple customer engagements in many, many different industries. So that's one that's most notable that we made public. But that's really going to be a broad market thing. And this production is just the first device in the product family, which there are like multiple subfamilies. So 7-nanometer transition is just beginning. And that's why, indeed, we're actually still doing 16-nanometer tape-outs because of the strength of the 16-nanometer generation. So I think this transition is starting to happen. We're in the early phases of that. And again, we are still getting very strong design wins and activity on the 16 nanometer. And I think you might be wondering like, gee, certain parts of the industry is already talking about 5 or whatever. And I think the really important thing to keep in mind is at 7-nanometers, and for that matter, 16-nanometer as well, we significantly increase the capability of the products that we put out there, right. You, kind of, mentioned the RFSoC see multiple times. Nobody has that integrated RF capability, and all capability together with digital logic even after us being in the marketplace for a couple of years. Versal, again, there's no other products like that or more direct competitor in that area did a much more evolutionary move in terms of their architecture. So we're providing capability and value to our customers through a lot of innovation architecturally, we're not as reliant like in the old days and just moving to process those because if you follow this industry back when it was just pure FPGAs, right, not Energen's acceleration with SOCs and other architectures. Then it - they mattered a lot more getting to the next node because that's the only way you really deliver more capability, right. So I think we've really - we continue to move to advance, but we're really innovating at the architectural level and other forms of integration. So I think that's why you may see, like, okay, why wouldn't you be moving to the next architecture, but that's the reason. Hopefully, that helps.
Victor Peng: So on the TME, it can be a sizable business for us. You saw we had a record Q4 in that business. And in Q1, it was a little bit lower, but we do expect it to strengthen in Q2 again. And that particular business, we do a good job of optimizing our products for the customers, and we have a strong product line that will improve their ability to get short development times, faster validation, etcetera. So there's lots of opportunity for the company in that particular business. When we think about AIT in general and we think about the macro, there's probably – we do expect to grow faster than the macro. We're all looking at and hoping for a V recovery. We do think that the market will benefit from the recovery, and we'll track that. But we have tailwinds in terms of being able to gain share with the products that we're developing in the space. So TME market looks good. Industrial will recover along with the macro economy. On the medical side, we expect that, that will continue to benefit from trend toward automation. And then in Aerospace & Defense, we also think there's many programs there that will continue to grow that end market over time. So if you're thinking about the long-term growth rate there, we do think it will be – it will exceed the macro.
Victor Peng: No, I think it's a good question. I mean, I think, that we've done – I'm very proud of our team in terms of the execution that we've been doing for a number of generations, actually. I mean, if you followed us, we used to talk about how we had a 3P in getting leadership, and we sort of stopped talking about that, not because we're no longer doing, but actually because we expect that our customers have come to be very accustomed and expect that we just – we say what we do and we do what we say. And they can count on that. Right? So I think we continue to execute really well, and that is important. I think our delivery and execution in terms of providing supply and on-time delivery and all those metrics are - we get really high marks. We do customer set studies constantly. That's always part of the KPIs of my operations team. So, we're very proud of our record there, and that's certainly - I guess what I would say is some of the recent things maybe underscore that more, but I would say that that's always been a strength, and I think our customers all acknowledge that. We've been in a strong position in automotive. And you may have heard me say in the past, people want to talk about certain sexy kinds of topics, but one thing that's super critical if you're on safety is you're low PPM, right? So, how few failures that you have, and it's really, really hard. It's really not very sexy, but we do a really good job at that, and we get very good price from our automotive customers. So, I think it's a very important thing, but I think it's something that we've always been doing. And I think what you're alluding to is the other side is, obviously, more recently challenged, but we just stay focused on making sure that we continue to execute with excellence and deliver high quality.
Victor Peng: Yes. Okay. Well, so look, on Solarflare, we don't break out and fine granularity. But I would say is that since we've acquired, the revenue is up essentially multiple tens of percent. So, that is doing well. And so just on that part now, switching to the ASIC thing is that, I think Brice said, and I've always said that we're not saying we don't think it'll ever happen. Again, his comment really was around just explaining the year-on-year change. And yes, as you know, part of that was based on, and absolutely, we're much stronger in radio, and that's traditionally the case. I think the important thing you need to maybe pick up on is that with currently our products in [indiscernible] and in addition, I talked about how we are delivering customized solutions for our customers, right? And we've done that in the past, and we've actually up leveled that a lot more, where based on critical needs, we would do derivative products. We work with them. In some cases, we're doing effectively join engineering together. So, we're delivering a lot more value than we ever have. So, it's not that I'm saying inherently, of course, it's possible that there'll be ASIC replacement. I guess what we're really saying is that we know we're delivering tremendously more value than in the past. And we have these really innovative products. And I think it's going to be a tough value statement to be. And we're always happy to compete that's always been the case. As I said, we've done this in the past. And yes, sometimes there is ASIC replacements, but we have a pretty big business in communications for a reason, right. And all those Tier 1s, as you know have ASIC team. So, that's why I keep getting back to it. It's not really new, but we've really upped our game to, that's the bottom line.
Victor Peng: We do have deployment in millimeter wave. I think - but I do still think that the 6-gig and below bands, that's going to be very important. I think millimeter has its applications, but it's also has some technical challenges. We can play in both do play in both. I think it's pretty early to talk about share. But again, we see opportunity, and we are working with people in both, and we still really feel like our bandwidth capability is really important and quite leadership in lot of ways. So, I think we feel confident that we can win both of those spectrums.
Victor Peng: Yes well, I mean first half was a bit of a mixed bag. Obviously, that China got impacted by COVID a lot earlier, and they had a hard shutdown, then they came back strong out of it. They're obviously still trying to hit their original goals for deployment in this calendar year would probably end up being more on the low side. And I think our team estimates in the 400,000-ish sort of range in terms of base stations. So I would say that, obviously, there's - it's very dynamic. I think we've seen, as I mentioned earlier, some degree of share shifts. But if you're talking about Chinese versus non-Chinese suppliers in the China market, at least what we've seen, we haven't seen anything materially change there. There might be some changes, but nothing really material. Obviously, I think it's been in the press quite a bit about what's recently been going on in terms of European, people saying that moving away from some of the Chinese suppliers in India as well. So, I guess we'll have to see, but I wouldn't say right now, we see any drastic share shifts.
Victor Peng: Yes. On the O-RAN side, I think the thing is - if you think about it, people are looking at how they can fundamentally reduce some of their hardware costs, but also then they'll differentiate and do that through other means from a software perspective. And if you think about it, that is something that we have always brought to the table for our customers is the ability to differentiate with hardware that is so adaptable, right. That the same hardware can be used and deliver different architectures, support different standards, be optimized in different ways. And in fact, you can change it right, even after you deployed it. So I think really what it is, is the reason why we're excited is because we feel that what people are trying to accomplish fundamentally with O-RAN is something that we really help enable and have always helped enable in a tremendous way. So and plus with the RFSoC again, I think we're creating more value. We're solving more of the whole radio problem. And so we just see that as another big opportunity, right? Not only the Tier 1s, but also with Tier 2s. And we'll see. I do think it's still new technology, so it's going to be hard to call the exact inflection. But I'm sure you've heard that the momentum and the interest behind this has really picked up over the last several months so.
Victor Peng: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining the call. I just want to do one closing because I know - and understandably so, there has been a lot of questions around the CIV thing. I just don't want to lose sight of the fact that we had a record quarter in DCG, displaying strength and multiple areas within that, both in compute and on the network side and as well as storage activity. We've really made tremendous progress in growing our ecosystem in the software story. 34,000 downloads just from a fairly - sorry 40,000 downloads over a short period of time and continue to grow ecosystem. So, I don't want to lose sight of the fact that we had really great strength there. And of course, there's some puts and takes in WWG. But we're really excited about the RFSoC opportunity as well as universal continues to be getting really good design activity. So just want to leave you with the strength. Then in the current quarter, as we said, the core markets, which had some puts and takes in the last quarter is going to come back really strong. So we're excited about it to go forward, and I hope this is helpful for you.
Brice Hill: Okay thanks, Toshiya. So, first as you mentioned, we're only giving guidance for Q2, and we are planning an Investor Day for the second half in the October, November timeframe. We'll get back with the date where we'll be specific. On the balance sheet, just really quick, we'll start there. The business has been strong. Victor pointed out in his commentary. We're profitable in this crisis. We've been profitable in prior crisis. So we feel fortunate that we're adding cash, adding earnings to the balance sheet and we're in a good position to be able to consider additional opportunities, both organic and inorganic. So the company is in a strong position financially, and that's great. When we think about the long-term business model, what the company has described before, significant growth opportunities in data center and WWG and then also higher growth rates in our core markets. And we'll detail this in – when we have that Investor Day meeting, but we're excited about the opportunities in automotive. We think we'll be able to extend opportunities in test measurement and emulation. And also the aerospace, defense, industrial, medical businesses, all of those have products that are improving our position in those markets, and we're pretty bright on the prospects for growth in those markets. So, that's what we'll discuss when we get to that point.
Brice Hill: Well, there's that part and then, as you said, on Zynq specifically, yes automotive certainly was down quite a bit. So on the SoC portion of that and that is definitely Zynq auto.
Brice Hill: Thanks, C.J., its Brice. I'll start on that one. Some of the CIV acceleration volume did go to data center, a small portion of it. So that's fair. Basically, three groups, data center, WWG and industrial, all had some of the orders that were accelerated in the quarter. On the gross margin changes, as you highlighted, the really not changes in price or cost much during the quarter. It's really end market mix that drives the gross margin, as you sort of alluded to. And so in the second quarter, we're expecting a stronger mix of aerospace and Defense and test measurement and emulation. And that typically drives our margin higher. And we think we put that range out there. It's all going to depend on the end market mix, as we get through the quarter where we'll end up in that range.
Brice Hill: Yes. I'd like to actually jump in again and sort of say, the business is strong independent of CIV. And I think, the CIV causes some movement across the quarter, I would also be clear that in some cases, the CIV wasn't - it didn't have a positive effect because of concerns around the continuing escalation between U.S. and China. So I don't think people should walk away from this saying that our strength was based on that. It's a portion of what we saw in that order of magnitude. No, not that meaningful. And really, if you look at going ahead, virtually, we have strength in multiple markets. So I think, that's - I understand people trying to tease that out. But I wouldn't over rotate any of the emphasis on CIV.
Brice Hill: Yes, well, it's a mixed bag, right I mean some won't. Some have. By the way, you know, people should understand is that this is not affecting just Chinese companies. These are multinationals that have operations in China as well, so we have licensed that definitely covered those. U.K. word Chinese companies but you know this is why, you know, there are really put some takes, right. And some of it we feel like we work with the customers or figure out another way and some of it is - not going to be there, so…
Brice Hill: Yes. And maybe just kind of point out that in this quarter, our expectations is, in the core markets, every submarket is going to grow, except for perhaps ISM, because it was a record, right. So, really there’s broad growth across all those core markets. Auto, obviously, had a severe downturn. It's still going to have an uptick from that, but it's still got a ways to go to get back to it. But the breadth is across every market, except for ISM, which had a record, and the – our expectation still be solid. So, yes, it's pretty broad.
Brice Hill: Yes Quinn, this is Brice. As I mentioned earlier, we're pursuing licenses for the business. So at this point, we wouldn't really be able to quantify if any, we’ll be permanently lost. The customers will look to shift as they can also to change the mix of the products. So we'll pursue licenses and see if this can be equaled out and there will be no permanent loss that's obviously the goal. And go ahead with a follow-up.
Brice Hill: No, that is starting now. So it's just beginning. But so I think we obviously think that's going to be a long-lived win. And we expect to have more expanded opportunities than especially digital front end on radio with RFSoC.
