Lisa Su: Yes, absolutely, Matt. Thanks for the question. So there are lots of puts and takes in 2023, and we want to give you kind of some of the drivers. Our largest growth driver is certainly the Data Center. We are very positioned well with our product portfolio. We just launched our Genoa fourth gen EPYC. We also have Bergamo coming this year as well. When we talk to our cloud customers, what they're telling us is they appreciate the execution of our road map. And we have an opportunity to move more workloads to AMD as we go through the year. So we feel very good about our product positioning. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, coming off of a very strong 2022, there is some inventory at some of the cloud customers. And so, we are expecting a softer first half and then a stronger second half, but we feel very good about our market share position and opportunity to grow with Data Center. Also on the embedded side, I would say we have a very strong portfolio there. The Xilinx business has done very well in 2022. It's a diversified set of markets. We see strength in a number of the end markets. And so, we think that's also a grower for AMD. On the other side, our Client and Gaming businesses, we believe, will decline. We have made good progress. When we look at the PC markets in the second half of the year of 2022, we were really trying to rebalance inventory. And I think we made progress exiting Q4. We're still expecting to ship below consumption in the first quarter and then sort of go from there. Our product portfolio is strong. We think there's an opportunity for growth as we go into the second half of the year. But we think overall for the year, Client will decline just given the TAM. And then on the Gaming segment, again, we're coming off of a very strong 2022. And so console demand has been actually quite strong. And given where we are in the cycle, we would expect gaming to be down on a year-over-year basis. But overall, I think lots of puts and takes, but we're positive on what we can do in terms of the Data Center and the embedded segments, given our product portfolio. And we'll watch the macro on the Client and Gaming and see how that plays out.
Lisa Su: Yes, maybe - so on the overall margin, the way to think about our business, Matt, is - and our margin is primarily driven by product mix. So as the Embedded and Data Center businesses are - grow, so the margin expansion grows with it. In terms of the sequential question that you had from Q4 to Q1, that's just a product of the mix. So with Data Center being lower sequentially that - that's that. We are also working through our client inventory clearing. What we're seeing in the PC business is, as we're going through this sort of normalization of inventory, especially on some of the older products, we do have more marketing programs and pricing incentives in place. We do expect that to normalize as we go through the first half of the year. And so as Jean said in the prepared remarks, we would expect margin expansion as we go into the second half with the growth in Data Center, Embedded and some normalization of the client business as well.
Lisa Su: Yes, sure, Vivek. So look, we remain very bullish about our Data Center business. I mean I think the feedback that we've gotten on Genoa from our customer set is very strong. And as I said, the important thing is we are expanding workloads. In terms of where we believe the - as the inventory normalizes, each customer is different, so they have what they're trying to achieve in terms of inventory levels. Our expectation is that sort of the first half softness for cloud and then second half strength as that's worked through. But like I said, it's different for each customer. And then in terms of overall growth, as I said, we're very bullish on the overall growth of our Data Center business and the opportunity to gain share as we go through the year. And as we go through the ramp in Genoa, we do have more content with the higher core count that should also help ASPs.
Lisa Su: Yes. So maybe just to make sure that we're just correlating the numbers. So my comment about PC TAM being down 10% was assuming, if you take a look at sort of what IDC just published for - in 2022 at about 290 million units, and that's more of a sell-through TAM versus a sell-in TAM. So we have been under shipping sort of the sell-through or consumption for the last two quarters in an attempt to renormalize that as soon as possible. In terms of do I think its conserve - I think it's in the ZIP code. I think it's in the ZIP code. So if you imagine 2023 sell-through TAM of about 260 million units, plus or minus, seems to be about the right number. We have made good progress in inventory normalization. We want to be cautious, obviously, heading into the year just given the macro environment. First quarter, we said would be roughly seasonal for PCs. I think second quarter - first quarter should be the bottom for us in PCs. We - and then grow from there into the second quarter and then into the second half. And I should note also, Vivek, I mean, we just launched our Ryzen 7000 Series with sort of our AI capabilities, both from a notebook and desktop standpoint. So, we feel good about the product road map in PCs. Obviously, we have to get through this normalization. Most of the focus is on continuing to differentiate our products and working with our customers to offer sort of very strong platforms.
Lisa Su: Maybe what I would say, Stacy, is I think we've given you the puts and takes for where the margin goes. I think it depends a bit on what happens in the macro environment. But we do feel good about second half expansion, and we'll see sort of the relative recovery in macro as it relates to all of our segments.
Lisa Su: Yes. I think the way to think about it is, I think our Data Center grow - growth in the second half versus first half, we expect that to be significantly stronger. As it relates to clients, we would also expect it to be stronger. Again, depending a bit on macro and sort of how the TAM actually evolves. I think for the Embedded businesses, I would say that we expect to grow over the full year 2023 versus 2022. What we see right now is a fairly strong backlog and good visibility into the first half of the year. I'm not ready to say that Embedded will grow in the second half versus the first half, though, because we're coming off very strong growth already. And so I think those are the puts and takes.
Lisa Su: Yes. Thanks for the question. We believe that AI is a huge driver of compute growth. And given our portfolio, it should be a driver of our growth as well. I think if you think about the product sets that we are putting sort of AI content in, you should expect MI300, of course, on the GPU training side. We just launched Ryzen AI in our PC portfolio. You can expect additional AI acceleration coming in our server portfolio as well. So you're going to see AI broadly across our road maps. In terms of when - we've talked before about sort of our Data Center GPU ambitions and the opportunity there. We see it as a large opportunity. As we go into the second half of the year and launch MI300, sort of the first user of MI300 will be the supercomputers or El Capitan, but we're working closely with some large cloud vendors as well to qualify MI300 in AI workloads. And we should expect that to be more of a meaningful contributor in 2024. So lots of focus on just a huge opportunity, lots of investments in software as well to bring the ecosystem with us.
Lisa Su: Yes. Sure. So I think on the Client segment, it's fair to say that we believe, given where we are with the client inventory levels, the first half will certainly be lower. We expect some improvement in the second half. But in terms of overall margin, we expect that the client business will be below the corporate average, and that's how we're modeling the client business.
Lisa Su: Sure. So Aaron, we started shipping Genoa in the third quarter that ramped into the fourth quarter and will continue to ramp through 2024. The way I think about - or the way you should think about the Genoa ramp is that it is a new platform for our customers. So they'll be introducing it - introducing first-in-cloud sort of internal workloads and then going to external workloads and then enterprise. So I think it will be throughout 2024. We have - I'm sorry, throughout 2023. We do have higher core counts on Genoa. So you would expect that, that will give us some ASP uplift as we go through to some of those higher core count products. Bergamo will launch in the first half of the year. We are on track for the Bergamo launch, and you'll see that become a larger contributor in the second half. So as we think about the Zen 4 ramp and the crossover to our Zen 3 ramp, it should be towards the end of the year, sort of in the fourth quarter, that you would see a crossover of sort of Zen 4 versus Zen 3, if that helps you.
Lisa Su: Sure. So Aaron, that business has done very well. So the Xilinx business, I think our overall Embedded business continues to do well. When we look across the subsegments, there are puts and takes in the subsegments. But what we see is content is going up. So we had records in communications, industrial and health care, aerospace and defense, automotive. We have the Embedded processor content that's also going into automotive. So we feel very good about that business. I think as we look into 2023, I mentioned this in the question with Stacy. We have a very good visibility to the first half just given the lead times and the backlog. And the first half looks strong, so we expect to grow sequentially in the first quarter. As we go into the second half of the year, we're monitoring the overall demand environment. And just given how strong it's been, we are looking at whether there'll be some puts and takes in some of the end market segments there. But overall, I think the key point is the content, and our design win momentum is good, and we continue to ramp new design wins in the Xilinx business.
Lisa Su: Yes. Joe, we view that the opportunity - so first of all, I would say that in general, the PC market share numbers are probably a bit noisy right now, just given all of the sell-in, sell-through and the inventory dynamics that are being worked through. Actually, in the fourth quarter, we believe we gained a little bit of share in the PC market. As we go forward into 2023, we think our product portfolio is very strong. As we look at Ryzen 7000 and where it goes and where we are positioned in the commercial as well as the high-end consumer segments, we're not changing our strategy on PCs. Quite - a few years ago, we really focused on sort of the more premium segments. We have less penetration in the low end, which I think is helpful. And as we go forward, we're continuing to focus on commercial PCs and getting a larger footprint in there. I will say the enterprise work that we're doing on the server side, I think, links very well to the commercial PC work, and we're continuing to invest in sort of the sales and marketing resources to ramp that side of the business.
Lisa Su: Yes. I would say, Joe, the total cost of ownership benefit of Genoa, particularly in some of the larger cloud workloads, is very, very significant. So I wouldn't say that, that's necessarily slowing the pace of adoption. It is a new platform though. So if you think about when we went from Rome to Milan, it was basically similar platforms. So I would say that, that ramp was a bit faster. But as it relates to Genoa, we had always expected that Milan and Genoa would coexist through 2023. And that we would have - we still have Milan instances that are just ramping now, and we expect that will continue through 2023. And so I really view this as the natural thing when we introduce Genoa at sort of the higher core count, that both will coexist. And as some of the platform costs come down, you'll see the Genoa cutover, and that's what I mentioned towards the fourth quarter of 2023.
Lisa Su: Sure, Ross. So let's see. We said the Client and Gaming segments would be seasonal. So you would expect that the Data Center would be more than seasonal. So maybe to help you size that, think about the Data Center sequential drop as double digit, whereas the Client and the Gaming segments are more like single digit, if that helps.
Lisa Su: Sure. So maybe let me separate Data Center and Client because they're a little bit different. I think on the Data Center side, we would - we do see that, in general, the performance, the power performance, the total cost of ownership, selling the solution is the most important piece of it because the solutions are actually quite different in terms of what you can do between sort of fourth gen EPYC and sort of other solutions. The environment is always competitive, but we feel very good about the overall value proposition that we bring to both cloud and enterprise customers. I think on the client side, we've said for the last couple of quarters that the pricing environment is more aggressive. I think that normally happens when the industry is working on rebalancing. I think we're working on rebalancing our OEM partners are working on rebalancing. The retailers are working on rebalancing. And so, there are more incentives and more - a more aggressive pricing environment. I view that, that's primarily on, let's call it, older products let's call it previous generation products. And as we work through that, there will be some normalization as we think about our newer generation products where there's more capability added. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of the puts and takes. And in terms of the cost environment, I think all of us in the industry have seen some elevated costs, but I think we also see - expect that to normalize too as everyone is sort of optimizing their CapEx spending.
Lisa Su: Sure, Mark. So we - so the first - the second question, yes. We do believe the first quarter is the bottom for our PC market - for our PC business, and we'll see some growth in the second quarter and then a seasonally higher second half. In terms of the under shipment, I mean, I think we're - we undershipped in Q3, we undershipped in Q4. We will undership, to a lesser extent, in Q1. So I think you can infer that from our guidance single-digit down. And then we'll be back to a more normal environment. Now just as a reminder though, the first half is not usually a - the first half is usually a seasonally weak client time anyways. So, we would expect more lift in the second half, not so much in the second quarter.
Lisa Su: Sure, Mark. So we've done a very good job in our supply chain in terms of risk mitigation. So we have - we don't believe that we have a significant risk as it relates to COVID future outbreaks, if there are any. As it relates to China recovery, I think we would benefit from a China recovery. It's very difficult to call. I mean we've seen, certainly in our Data Center business, we saw in the second half of the year and last year in the first half of this year that the China Data Center business has been weak for us. If there was a recovery, I think we would benefit from that. Similarly, some of the other consumer patterns as well. But it's very difficult to call. So we put that in the bucket of macro uncertainty, and we'll see how it plays out.
Lisa Su: I guess, Chris, what I would say is I think the PC market has been volatile, and we did significantly - coming off the pandemic, there was very high demand during the pandemic, and I think we were all adjusting as we're looking at sort of the demand environment post pandemic and with macro uncertainty. I think the Data Center business we have you know again, we're heavily weighted towards cloud. And we have very good discussions with our overall customer set in terms of what they need. I think what's going in our favor in the Data Center is our workloads are expanding. And so, we've heard from all of our cloud customers that they're adopting both Milan and Genoa in more workloads than previous. And so I think that gives us good confidence. And frankly, the Data Center customers are also giving us good visibility into what they need for 2023. So there is an adjustment in the first half. And I think that's something that we understand. And we also expect that we're going to have to ramp up production in the second half as some of the demand resumes. And I think, the overall factor of compute in the cloud being a very important long-term driver is definitely there. So, we feel good about sort of where we're positioned.
Lisa Su: Sure, Tim. So let me make a couple of points. I think all of us, as we participate in the PC industry, there are various parts of the ecosystem that we work with. We work with our OEMs we work with our retail partners. We work with our distribution and channel partners. And we're all working together to work through sort of the elevated inventory levels. As I said, I think we've made good progress on that. And I think we have much better visibility into the various pieces. As it relates to the pricing environment, I do believe that the pricing environment is - particularly when you're clearing older inventory or older generation products, is a bit more competitive. And we see that. As we look forward, the way we're modeling the client business is that we are modeling gross margins to be less than corporate average. That's different than our previous modeling. So previously, client was more like at corporate average. And I think given the - I think the nice thing is our business is quite a bit more diversified now. And so with our Data Center, Embedded businesses really being strong growth drivers, I think Client continues to be a good market overall. And as we work through this, we will see some of the normalization that Jean mentioned.
Lisa Su: I think, Tim, the answer is yes. But again, let's work through the next couple of quarters. And we feel good about how our products are positioned, and we just need to work through the macro and see how that plays out.
