Lorenzo Flores: Thank you, Rick, and hello, everybody. Sales in the September quarter increased for the eighth consecutive quarter to $620 million, up 1% sequentially and up 7% on a year-over-year basis. Sales for the first six months of the fiscal year were also up 7% versus the same period of the prior year. Our growth continues to be driven by our advanced products which grew 21% year-over-year, supported by the overall strength of our product portfolio. Gross margin was 70.2%, in line with our guidance. Operating expense was $249 million, less than guided as R&D came in slightly lower than expected. Operating income for the quarter increased 2.6% sequentially to $185 million and our operating margin was 29.9%. Tax rate for the quarter was 10% including a discrete item related to the accounting standard for the treatment of stock-based compensation. Our net income for Q2 was $168 million, or $0.65 per share. Some key points on the balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter with $3.7 billion in gross cash and $1.9 billion net cash after our debt. Operating cash flow was $202 million. We returned $257 million to shareholders during the quarter in the form of $87 million in dividend and the repurchase of approximately 2.6 million shares for $170 million, an average price of $65.04 per share. We continue to execute on our share repurchase program with the intention of exhausting our authorization over the next several quarters. We currently have $445 million remaining on that authorization. We ended the quarter with diluted shares of 258.2 million shares, which included the impact of 7.6 million shares from the warrant associated with convertible debt. The convertible note itself had no impact on shares for the quarter, as the note was completely settled in mid June. For a complete explanation of the impact of the outstanding warrants on share count, please refer to our convertible FAQ on our Investor Relations website. With our stock price higher since the time we established our FY18 share count guidance, we are now expecting ending share count in Q4 FY18 to be in the range of 255 million to 260 million shares. Now, onto guidance. In the December quarter, we are expecting sales to be between $615 million and $645 million. Our backlog is up significantly heading into the quarter and we expect continued growth in our advanced products. From an end market perspective, we expect industrial and A&D to increase again. Communications is expected to be approximately flat while broadcast, consumer and automotive is expected to decline. Our gross margin will be approximately 69% to 71%. We expect operating expense to increase to approximately $260 million, with R&D driving the increase. We continue to invest in both our technology and our customer relationships as we expand our leadership and our markets. Finally, our tax rate is expected to be between 11% and 14%. Our financial performance year-to-date and our guidance for the third quarter indicate to us that we are on track to our annual guidance that we provided at our analyst day. Let me now turn the call over to Moshe.
Lorenzo Flores: Sure. I think in general, the same phenomena is happening over the past couple of quarters that happened when we had the relatively high numbers in the past, and that’s just timing of shipments in the quarter. As you may recall, we had a quarter where our receivables got very high; next quarter, we reported very low receivables, and that’s about a year ago. And the key thing we monitor on that is the quality of the credits underneath that, -- are these customers going to pay? And the answer is in general, it’s a very, very, very high rate; we have minimal, negligible write-offs on the receivables. And so, we’re highly confident, this is all collectible and will show up in cash flow. And we’ll see different patterns maybe in the future based on timing of shipments during the quarter. But that’s really all what happens. Shipments in the last months tend to be collected the next month or the first month of the next quarter.
Lorenzo Flores: So, let me talk. Yes, backlog is up significantly in the quarter. And this actually relates back to Ambrish’s question on AR. We do have an unpredictable, if you will, pattern in any given quarter of what goes in the book, when the customers want to ship. And, we work with our customers obviously to hit their schedules and their requirements and drive our business at the same time. So, there are occasions when we’ll have the book fill up toward the end of the quarter and that kind of carries forward into the next quarter, and that’s the phenomenon we’re seeing. So, no, it’s not a function of lead time or anything structural like that; it’s a timing thing.
Lorenzo Flores: Joe, I want to go back to something I actually didn’t address in your question that I picked up, which is you said, a flattish guide. I think I would want to point out that the midpoint of our guide is $630 million, which is meaningfully up from where we are today, so strong backlog is consistent with that.
Lorenzo Flores: So, you’re right. We have not provided any FY19 guidance yet and we will do that in the course of time. Just on OpEx, I will -- want to repeat something I’ve said in previous calls with respect to the flow this year; we are expecting it to decline in the fourth quarter of this year. We have some local highs here in this current due to take out expenses primarily. So, we expect it to decline in the fourth quarter.
Lorenzo Flores: I think the best way to think about OpEx with respect to those new applications and in general is, go back to the guidance we have provided for the full year, which is going to be between 990 and 1010 millions of dollars for the year in terms of OpEx. Take the guidance I just gave and add to it the first couple of quarters, we are right around $750 million of OpEx for the year. We are going to be -- going to be in our range. We’ve accommodated both the new investments that you talked about with respect to software development and our tape-out schedule. The comment I made around tape-out was explaining why this particular quarter we’re going to see OpEx go up and then go back down in Q4.
Lorenzo Flores: Actually, you’ve framed the question quite well, John in that. So, maybe, we are little too elliptical when we are talking about our -- the strength in our consumer business. We do see -- we do have meaningful business with some of the crypto currency providers, like you said the role our product plays, which is typically a Zynq-based product is as a controller, if you will for these ASIC-based mining platforms. We don’t -- at the same time, we say that we acknowledge this meaningful business in this quarter. We obviously want to see some longevity in that business and breadth of that business before we point it out as a key driver. We are really happy with it right now but we don’t want to get a little bit overheated in talking about the potential for this. We do, as I said, I’ll go back to same words, some longevity in that business and some breadth across multiple customers for that business for us.
Lorenzo Flores: As we continue to talk about the nascent state of the data center business, or at least emerging hyper scale data center business. And as you know, Chris, from following us, we’ve always had storage and network-based business in the data center. It’s about the same size as it ever was. The vast majority of the data center, I mean, the communications and data center business is wireless and wired. And then the true data center piece has been around 5%. And that’s again transitioning from the older businesses that we had their into this newer hyper scale data center opportunity.
Moshe Gavrielov: Thank you, Lorenzo. I’m pleased with our consistent execution as demonstrated in the September quarter financial results. We delivered our eighth consecutive growth quarter with sales increasing sequentially to $260 million. Our operating profit increased approximately 30%, enabled by gross margin and with slightly better than expected and tightly managed operating expenses. We continue to benefit from the combination of our diversified multi-market portfolio coupled with clear technology leadership over the three most recent nodes. Five of our eight end markets increased in the quarter. Our industrial, aerospace and defense primary end market set the new quarterly record with sales of $278 million an increase of 17% from the year ago quarter. The broadcast consumer and automotive segment also delivered significant sequential and year-on-year growth. On the product front, our advanced products category delivered record revenue. This category, which already represents 52% of our overall revenue, will continue to be our growth driver in the foreseeable future. Our Zynq SoC platform, critical element of our multimarket expansion effort, delivered another sales record of growing 65% from the year ago quarter. The Zynq SoC platform now comprises 12% of our overall revenue. Expanding on this theme, our industry disrupting RFSoC family targeted at 5G cable and wireless backhaul applications is already shipping to numerous customers. 20-nanometer sales increased very significantly and also attained the new sales record, driven by strength in multiple end markets. 16-nanometer portfolio continued its accelerated sales ramp, again setting a new record. We’re now shipping 34 unique products to more than 930 broad market based customers. This is a very substantial sequential increase of 50% in the number of unique devices, 75% in the number of customers, both are significant harbinger of future success and demonstrate our technology leadership as noted. I’m gratified by the recent significant announcements highlighting our strong customer momentum in cloud computing. This is one of our key medium to long term market expansion opportunities. As projected in our previous earnings release, Amazon Web Services has made a uniquely differentiated SDAccel development environment available to F1 users while also expanding their FPGA as a service F1 deployment to multiple region. In addition, Huawei announced their FPGA as a service instance based on our Virtex UltraScale+ FPGA. Finally, Alibaba, the largest cloud service provider in China recently announced their next generation FPGA as a service F2 and F3 instances, both based on Xilinx technology. The significant type of scale customer adoption momentum is enabled by the combination of silicon leadership coupled with advancements we’ve made with improving ease of use. This will enable a much larger community of software and application developers to derive full benefit of FPGA acceleration. Finally, as we look forward to the December quarter, our guidance of 615 to 645 is expected to be driven by the accelerated growth of our advanced products portfolio delivered across numerous end markets and all three of its technology components. Achieving the midpoint of this guidance will establish a very significant new sales record for Xilinx. Consequently, we remain confident that we’ll deliver on our fiscal year 2018 revenue target of approximately $2.5 billion. In addition, while we continue to invest in our technology leadership, share gains and market expansion efforts for sustained revenue growth, we remain committed to delivering 30% plus operating margin exiting this fiscal year, as well as preserving our commitment to returning cash to shareholders. Now I’ll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Moshe Gavrielov: Actually, sales didn’t come less than expected; they came where they were expected. If you look at communications on a whole, wireless was down but data center business was up. But, we are at the very, very early stages of deployment of this technology. And it takes series of time, typically years from when the deployment starts to when the potential is realized. As such, what we are directing everyone is to $200 million to $300 million in calendar year 2020, and that’s still a plan and we are on plan to deliver that number. It just takes this length of time. The biggest impediment we had was expanding the potential customer base. And programmable logic in the past has been directed only at hardware designers. And in order to make it available to a broader audience, we have developed this SDAccel capability that is now being deployed. That should enable the adopters beyond the traditional existing users of our technology and that will -- that gives us confidence in the potential of achieving the $200 million to $300 million. But patience is important on this because it just takes time until it has that viral impact. And the broad acceptance by, by far the biggest things we think is huge stepping stone towards that. And as the -- that together with the SDAccel are the enablers. And over time, we do expect to see this translate into revenue at a faster rate, but we have been very clear with regards to setting expectations as to when that will happen and we continue to project the $200 million to $300 million in the 2020 timeframe. It’s the right thing to plan [ph] at this point.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. So, the biggest historic advantage, and NVIDIA had two significant advantages, one is they recognized this market very early and pursued it several years ago. And as a result of that what they’re seeing now is the fast growth but that similarly to our predictions, it took several years until it manifested itself in revenue. The other advantage they had is that inherently a software -- it’s a software program technology and now we’ve gotten to the point where our technology can be addressed in the same way. The advantages we have largely in the area of providing overtime superior performance in a broad set of applications, typically at lower, significantly lower power point. And over time, we expect that to be important in a broad set of applications. So, that’s the value proposition and that’s why you’re seeing these deployments that these -- obviously very significant hyper scale companies are one of the biggest issues when you look at these big compute firms is power is the big limiter. And we can provide them with either higher performance in some applications, not in all of them or definitely on a broad basis we can provide similar performance at a much lower power points. And the combination of those two are prevalent and are likely to provide over the next few years the opportunity for growth for us. But that’s the biggest difference is the delivering the software accessibility, which we now have and also catching up, which we’re executing with vigor on that front too.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, if you look back at the previous quarter, the June one, wireless had a huge surge, and that tends to volatile. And indeed this past quarter, the September one, it trended down quite a bit actually. And our expectation is that wireless in December will go up again, maybe not as high as it was in June, but we should see growth there. Wired, generally speaking has been flattish with somewhat of a downturn, downward trend, it sort of -- not a huge downward trend but it is trending down, and we are not at this point predicting any huge surge; it’s likely to go sideways or maybe continue on a very slow downward trend this coming quarter. If you look at our overall results and Lorenzo broker it down into the three categories, then, our expectation overall is for communications to be flattish and very significant growth on the industrial; and the third market, the broadcast, auto and consumer to be slightly down. And that should net significant upside overall.
Moshe Gavrielov: If it become any time soon, the first one, then my $200 million to $300 million would be ridiculously low number. And so, what is happening is a transition, which is now accelerating in the industry and it’s a transition where CPUs have basically exhausted their ability or have only minimal ability to provide higher performance to these very parallel applications. As a result, there is this transition to heterogeneous architectures, which have a CPU and have other forms of acceleration. GPUs have been pursuing that several years now and now it’s very significant business for the GPU vendors. And programmable logic has emerged as a third alternative. But, we don’t expect it to supplant CPUs totally. And that’s -- but it will provide a very significant enhancement for this heterogeneous computing and will provide an alternative and that it’s not that CPUs will go away but there’ll be a need for less CPUs for some of these applications and they will be replaced by other modes of acceleration in particular programmable logic over time.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, I believe that all three of the sub markets actually grew quarter that we just reported. And we expect automotive actually to continue growing but the other two to shrink somewhat. And overall, it’ll be flattish to slightly down with -- I mean, that’s our current prediction with automotive continuing to grow. And these markets are actually quite desperate, you can call them the other markets to some extent, and they’ve different dynamics, which drive them, automotive what is driving our growth is continued deployment of numerous generations of driver assistance technology and that’s sort of the biggest driver of the technology there. In consumer, it’s a whole plethora of applications, which from time-to-time have surges and we benefitted from one of these surges this past quarter. And broadcast has been doing well but it’s a small market for us and that’s a market which is going through structural change where as a market generally, it’s not growing in a big way and there’s a transition to the cloud in some of the broadcast applications. So, that’s one of the inhibitors to its growth. That’s about as much color as I can share with you at this point.
Moshe Gavrielov: So, let me start from the last question, or the last sub question that you asked. We are seeing in ADAS transition from our original Zynq product to our MPSoC, which is the 16-nanometer generation, pickup there has been quite substantial. And quite a lot of the customers are now deploying the second or third generation, which is in 16-nanometer and we expect that to be a big growth driver for us going forward. We do expect this market to provide double-digit growth per year with the potential for that continuing for next few years. And that’s just with the -- for the deployment of ADAS and the new generation of ADAS, and then early versions of automated -- autonomous driving, which will have very powerful, centralized control unit, but then will continue to have a lot of additional auxiliary technology required to implement the solution. And we will likely play significant role in the second part. We are not differing the first ultra-high performance processing portion of it. And so, if you look at the arithmetic, could it get to 10%? Yes, it’s sort of moving that direction but I think it has a few years ahead of it to deliver on that potential.
Moshe Gavrielov: I’ll let Lorenzo, go first because Lorenzo drives much fancier car than I do and that you can take that one for the bank. So, I think he will be more of a true consumer advocate of this. And then, I might add color later.
Moshe Gavrielov: Yes. And specifically, if you look at the MPSoC and I’m tying this to previous question, if you look at that that’s a 16-nanometer product, then there is hardened safety, hardened security, there is hardened [ph] graphics, there is a lot of hardened cords. You just can look at that. A lot of those were added there based on request from our automotive segment, and that will continue to be the trend going forward.
Moshe Gavrielov: I believe, it’s a combination of the two. And the environment is stronger and we’ve been waiting a long time for this to happen. But now, we had a very, very, very broad set of design wins in industrial, which was Zynq based. And we were getting a little antsy because they were taking a long time to translate into revenue. Good news is that that is happening now, happening very broadly, and it’s where we believe we have a very strong position vis-à-vis a traditional competition but we’re also seeing fewer and fewer dedicated ASSPs which are targeted this extremely fragmented market. It’s just the market which has built up a lot of very small niches and it’s very difficult to come up with an ASSP that addresses them all. And so, our position there we believe is very strong. And what we’re seeing now is the Zynq design wins, 28-nanometer move to production. If you look at Zynq, then the first generation was primarily wireless oriented and there was a lot of that and that’s happened relatively early. Then the second generation, which is continuing now is in driver assistance in automotive. And now, we’re seeing the expansion into a lot of different markets and the industrial also -- aerospace and defense is also, we’re starting to see those translate to revenue now. So, both the markets we believe are doing reasonably well or actually better than they have been in long period of time. And our competitive position is stronger than it has been as this market continues to be very fragmented and there’s less, very targeted ASSPs that can pick off these small niche applications.
Moshe Gavrielov: Sure. So, we -- I agree with your observation. When we look at the 200 million to 300 million, this is our number. We expect the overall number for programmable logic to be significantly higher, at least twice as much. Intel does have a very significant design win in this area with Microsoft that’s being very well documented in its public domain information. And this is just starting. And there is seven major hyper scale companies and then there is the two additional ones who are pursuing this with vigor, at least two that we’re involved in, which is Huawei where have the design wind and IBM where we have a very type relationship. So, if you look at our overall position together with the ones we’ve already announced and we’re engaging with all of the others. The 200 to 300 is what we believe we can do in data center in its various forms in that time frame. And the market in of itself we expect to be quite a bit larger than that, at least twice as big. And obviously Intel has its incumbency that is true but we have superior product on the acceleration side. And we believe it will get a significant share of the market based on that. Market overall should be significantly more than that.
Moshe Gavrielov: We would need to see broad adoption, and that tends to be viral, so you get the early adopters, we start using it, some of them start seeing superior results. It generates some excitement, and then you start getting more and more of these application developers. And I think, the key metric will be when will we see the next acceleration in the application developer. Realistically that couldn’t happen up to now because it was limited to FPGA designers with SDAccel and all of the additional things we are doing. We now have provided the foundation for that. And expectation is that it will feed upon itself, once they start seeing superior results in terms of acceleration. And so that will be the thing to watch. And I think the fact that you are seeing Huawei and Alibaba within less than a year jumping in and following in Amazon’s footsteps that is a proof that there is a lot of potential here, because you now have three very significant players providing this as a service. Amazon obviously started a year ahead of everyone and is still way ahead of everyone, at this point, but the others are going to pursue them with vigor, as you can tell from their announcement. And the expectation is that the applications, which will benefit from this -- from parallelism, which is inherent and available, and programmable logic will be the driver for expansion of this, both in the cloud and over time in embedded applications too.
Moshe Gavrielov: And the current tape outs are due to 16-nanometer going to production and happening faster than we had expected, plus a few additional expansion products like the RFSoC, which was sort of new. And so, it was never expected to be the low tape-out there. And the reason that it’s a high tape-out here is the technology is doing so well or relatively high tape-out, the technology is doing so well and it’s in such pristine condition that we are now rolling out the entire product offering, and that’s why we have 34 unique products already shipping. And that’s been -- you multiple that 34 number by several million dollars for each tape out. That’s sort of an expensive occasion. [Multiple Speakers]
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, 200 million to 300 million, and it’s not there yet. So, it’s significantly less than that, but that’s the projection.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, from everything we’re hearing, there continue to substantially issues on performance, power and software. And to the extent that they have shifted with relatively selectively to their very, very largest customers, which makes a lot of sense. We, to contrast, shipping it now, it’s close to a 1,000 customers and we have 34 distinct products and counting, so already shipping. So, we believe that the leadership we have in terms of the breadth of applications that we can support, quality, the lower power, the better service performance are still very significant. And what we’ve heard from customers is that the lead we have in terms of the majority of the technology is a year and a half or more, which is very significant, it’s probably more than we’ve had any point in time in the past. So, not saying they’re not around but so far our breadth and quality are helping us prevail. And if you look at the results on the 16-nanometer, it’s growing at an incredibly fast rate, it’s actually growing much faster than we had expected it to grow, at this point in time. So, we continue to do well with this technology. And we never rest on our laurels as we have a very worthy competitor, but we’re raising to exploit the huge lead we have.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, we think it’s all of the above. We think that the past quarter was a substantial low quarter -- substantially low quarter. And that what you’re seeing is we saw some inventory reduction at our largest customers and we think that now they’re going to be shipping again based -- and we’ll benefit from their lower levels of inventory which they had built up before, and that should help us across the board but in China and India in particular too. 
Moshe Gavrielov: Okay. That’s the great question. What is happening is this market is evolving very, very, very quickly and much faster than it typically has in the past for traditional automotive. And there is huge race to provide higher content and to address new sets of sensors and things of that nature. And those are evolving very, very rapidly. So, if you look at where we’re seeing success is we are seeing success not with our traditional programmable logic, but actually with our Zynq product line. And as the Zynq think product line is actually very powerful embedded processing, don’t think it’s just this programmable logic; it’s actually a very powerful embedded processor with a lot of hardware built accelerators and tightly linked with programmable logic. Now, the value of the programmable logic there is that it enables the customers to have a platform-based solution where they can adapt the platform very quickly to address numerous models and numerous changes. And as this market is evolving very, very quickly and there is new sensors and new algorithms and there is some elements of machine learning which now being integrated into it, then the programmable logic is actually very well-suited medium to address those. So, that’s why we believe that there will -- as it continues evolve rapidly, we can actually provide a fine tuned solution with the control, with a lot of the embedded hardware, accelerators and with the programmable logic. And so, it’s sort of a different from the traditional ways of thinking of programmable logic but it’s just used for prototyping. Here it’s actually -- the Zynq product offering covers huge portion of what the customer requires; the embedded hardware addresses other areas; and then the programmable logic and its flexibility is actually well attuned to rapidly changing market. Where I do agree with you is saying 2030, 15 years from now, if the whole market becomes commoditized and doesn’t move, that’s when it is likely to be less advantageous to have these capabilities. But, there is a long way between where we’re now and when it reaches that stable point. And as -- even though there is a tremendous level of excitement on autonomous driving, it’s going to take several years before it becomes the prevalent form of transportation. And that’s likely to take tens of years in reality. And as it evolves over this period of time, it will change, and we are likely to continue to have attractive value proposition for all of the areas which are dynamic. Now, just to sort of highlight, so I’m not overselling, we are not addressing the ultra-high performance central processing element, the ones which NVIDIA is pursuing and Intel is likely pursue and potentially other players, we are looking at the rest of the market even when it evolves to autonomous driving; there’s going to be a lot of additional auxiliary functions which we will be very well adaptive.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, we have accelerated 16-nanometer very significantly, and that the significant number tape-outs this year were to move it all into production. That’s where we believe we have the broad leadership at the current nodes. And so, I think we’re in violent agreement with you on that front, as our customers. We are working feverously on our 7-nanometer solution with TSMC. We expect to tape that out next year. And we are very pleased with the progress that TSMC has made. And I was just at their 30-year anniversary and they’re full steam ahead. We are -- very, very, very big mobile customers of sort of standing in line, they are all there and they are targeting their next generation 7-nanometer and we will be immediately after them, taping out our devices and benefiting from the huge learning that that volume will run through the system. So, in this business, if you ever stand still, you are likely to have the tortoise and hare scenarios. So, we are running as quickly as we can to make sure that we continue to exploit our leadership and prolong it into the next generation. For us that is taping out next year and it is going to be a phenomenally attractive generation of technology.
Moshe Gavrielov: Well, that entire industry is going through a transition and significant portions of it are getting cloudified. And when they get cloudified, there is opportunities on the networking and storage as well as the acceleration side. So, what we expect to see is portions of what we called wired communications, reemerge as our data center business but they will still be used for storage and networking. And it’s sort of somewhat similar with regards to the technology requirement. So, that’s likely to be a significant transition for us. But, it will probably offset each other without having tremendous impact either away. The growth area is acceleration and the acceleration is the growth area because it really provides an alternative to the traditional CPU computing. So, I think your read is correct that the transition is happening and the classification is going to change and to some extent, it might at some point become a little more difficult to figure out what is wired business and what is data center business. And at this point, we look at them as adjacent and transitioning from one to the other, but the technology requirements are similar on the networking and storage side, and they are unique and different on the acceleration side. And that’s the growth opportunity. So, hopefully that provides some color to your question.
Moshe Gavrielov: They are definitely focused on influence too [ph] and they are coming out with new versions of their technology, which are quite departure from their traditional GPU architectures. And if you blur your eyes, they actually look a lot like more technology that we have, a much better match for than the traditional GPUs. And I think what they are doing makes sense. They have a good position and good starting point. But for broad applications and influencing, different architectures than traditional GPUs or GPU derivatives are required. And as you look at some of their new solutions, they actually are moving in that direction. And we believe we are ahead of them in the flexibility we can provide actually as the advantage, the inherent advantage we will continue to have over time.
