Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Absolutely, Matt. Thanks for the question. So we did have a very strong first quarter. There is a lot going on without a doubt in the business. I would say, if you look at the strength in our business in the first quarter, it was really broad-based. So, very, very strong server results. We continue to gain share, we continue to bring more supply online. There also are very strong results in our Semi-Custom or game console business, as well as in the client and graphics businesses. There is some softness in the PC market, but we had for the last number of quarters actually been shifting our mix to the higher end or the more premium segments of the PC market. And so that’s where more of our exposure is. And we actually saw a significant growth in our PC business sequentially as we started ramping our Ryzen 6000 notebooks and that resulted in strong ASP growth, as well as just our key market segments of Premium, Commercial and Gaming being covered there. As we go forward, obviously, all of the things that you talked about are in play. That being the case, I think, we have managed through the supply situations very well. We continue to work with our customers and ensure that we are optimizing our builds to their build and with the addition of Xilinx we also have another set of end markets that have very strong demand that are all additive to our business.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So lots of questions in there, Matt. So, but let me try to go through them. So first, on the full year 2022 guide, it is a significant increase in guidance, up 60%. There are a couple pieces to that. On the organic side of the AMD business, we originally guided up 31% based on what we saw in the market in January. As we look at the market now and our own sort of customer and supply situation, we see that organic growth higher into the mid-30%s. That’s primarily driven by very strong demand in our server business, very strong demand in our console or Semi-Custom business, additional supply coming online. We have taken a bit more of a conservative perspective on the PC market. Again, I think the softness is in certain parts of the market, it’s not in all parts of the market and our focus is on where we add the most value in the market and that is in the Premium segments. In terms of the Xilinx piece of it, the full year addition of three-and-a-half quarters of Xilinx is a significant add. On a pro forma basis, the Xilinx business is also growing very well and it’s growing sort of like in the low 20%s if you consider full-year compared to calendar year 2021. So, overall, I think, we have a broad base set of growth drivers and multiple levers for growth as we go through the year and we continue to work on -- working with our customers on where the demand is and ensuring that we are satisfying that demand.
Dr. Lisa Su: Sure. Toshiya, thanks for the question. So on the supply environment, we have been working on this really for the last 18 months. We have made a lot of progress on both the wafer side and significant investments on the substrates. I would say that, we continue to get sort of very good support from our suppliers. That’s one of the reasons we can increase our guidance the way it is. From an overall, you mentioned the China COVID situation. From our standpoint, we haven’t had any significant impact on our own shipments and our own supply chain. We have been working with some customers that have had some customer build delays and that is contemplated in our second quarter guidance. We are going to continue to work on supply optimization with the addition of Xilinx, some of the, let’s call it, more mature notes, 16-nanometer and above wafer supply is still somewhat constrained. We are working with sort of the larger scale of AMD to try to bring more supply on board there, as well as continuing to ramp our overall capacity to support a very strong sort of next few quarters. Hopefully, that answered your supply questions.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Absolutely, Vivek. So the way I think about it is the data center market and particularly in servers, people are getting much more optimized for workloads and so there are different flavors and we see that even in Milan today with Milan and our Milan-X, X3D or the X3D we introduced. And so I think it’s natural for these solutions to sit side-by-side. I think as you go into Genoa, the next-generation platform, we would expect, again, the adoption -- there’s a lot of excitement on Genoa and there’s a lot of customer demand for Genoa. I do expect that Genoa will sit again side-by-side with Milan for quite some time, because you are not going to move the infrastructure instantaneously over. And then when you think about Bergamo, which is the cloud optimized, I think, that will be more specific for specific large hyperscalers who have the need for, let’s call it, a more performance per dollar, performance per watt solution. So the way to think about this, Vivek, is as our business has grown, we can invest more broadly and that will give us just a more optimized solution for our customer’s TAMs.
Dr. Lisa Su: Sure. So, Vivek, when we kind of started the year, we were thinking that the PC TAM could be flat to, let’s call it, down, let’s call it, low mid-single digits. I think given how we have started this year and then some of the other things in the market, we are taking a more conservative approach to the PC TAM. So for our modeling for the full year guidance we are modeling something like down high-single digits. Now a lot of things can happen between now and then. So I would say that I think that’s a good place for us to model. Within that, we have always been very focused on where we can add the most value and the Premium segments. Ryzen 6000, our Rembrandt product is extremely well positioned from a battery life or performance standpoint. We have a number of Commercial very good systems that are in the process of being launched. I think we are excited about that. To your question about Commercial share, we are still underrepresented in the Commercial market and we know that, and that’s a focus area for us. I think, overall, from a market share standpoint, we believe we are focused in the right segments and so even under the backdrop of, let’s call it, a softer PC market that we will -- we can continue to expect to gain revenue share in the process and that’s sort of our overall strategy. So I think the other piece of it is, we have so many levers in the business now as we go forward. I think the strength in the business is really looking at the overall Data Center portfolio, the PC portfolio, the Gaming portfolio and the Xilinx portfolio together. There are lots of levers for growth, and as we go through this year, we see that being very helpful.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So, Stacy, I think, the data center business, particularly the Server CPU business, continues to be very strong for us. I am not going to proclaim a certain will it double every quarter. I can say that we expect to grow very strongly over the next few quarters. And we are continuing to bring on additional supply to do that. The demand is there and it really is about continuing to work with our customers on that. But I think our confidence level in Data Center growth is very high.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yes, Stacy. We are expecting that we will grow client revenues on a year-over-year basis in that time environment and we continue to mix shift to, let’s call it, the more Premium segments and so it’s a revenue share statement.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yes. That is true. But our expectation though is, we have a number of growth drivers in the business, but in terms of what has allowed us to increase the full year guide from an organic standpoint, it is a strong visibility in Server, strong visibility on the console side, strong visibility just from an overall supply and demand perspective.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So, Aaron, obviously it depends on the mix between Cloud and Enterprise, but in general as we offer more value, let’s call it, more performance, more capability, we would expect our ASP to mix up and in any given quarter, it’s more of what is the Cloud versus Enterprise mix. But, look, I am very pleased with the fact that we are growing both Cloud and Enterprise very substantially. So I think that tells you that we are growing it across the entire Server market and we are going to continue to, let’s call it, optimize products so that one of our customers get more capability and we get more value for our technology.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Aaron, the way to think about that is, so both the Xilinx portfolio and sort of the organic AMD portfolio do use TSMC. So we are complementary there as our primary wafer supplier. We use very similar substrate suppliers as well. The Xilinx portfolio tends to be on more mature nodes although there is some 7-nanometer of the majority of the portfolio is on 60-nanometer and above. So I would say, there’s not much fungibility there. However, on the backend, on the substrate side, there is very good fungibility across the portfolio. And from the standpoint of overall supply, I think, you have heard from Devinder, we have invested significantly over the last 18 months in sort of securing the supply capacity and we are seeing it come online and that’s again what I’d like to do is as you see it come online that’s when it will go into our revenue forecast. But I feel very good about the progress that we are making and we are continued to dimension the company for just a much larger business and so it’s a lot of supply that we are bringing online. And we are working very much with Victor and his team as well, because he has strong backlog and strong demand and we are looking to use all of the AMD assets to also accelerate some of his builds.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. So -- Harlan, thanks. So we have made great progress on the Cloud side, so we have strong adoption on internal, as well as external-facing workloads. We have also made strong progress on the enterprise. I mean, as you said, all major OEMs have EPYC throughout the portfolio. And in this past quarter, and in general, we have grown the Enterprise business about at the same pace as the Cloud business. We are still Cloud-weighted, but I believe that it’s going to be fairly balanced growth across both portfolios.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Mark. So I think the answer is, yes, and maybe I will generalize it a bit more. We are a big believer. I mean, the whole strategy behind AMD is to have the best sort of compute engines and then put them together sort of in solutions for specific end markets. So I think our CPUs, GPUs, the FPGAs, the adaptive SoCs and then the DPU that we are adding from Pensando give us just a tremendous range of capability. So to your specific question and sort of Comms Infrastructure, I definitely think there’s a strong opportunity there. As Victor mentioned, we have been to a number of our joint large customers, and there is absolute interest in trying to put these solutions together. And more broadly though, I think what we see in terms of growth going forward that there will be more customization around solutions for large -- for these large customers, whether it’s Cloud customers or large telcos or even some edge opportunities. And having these compute engines will allow us to basically optimize those solutions together. So we look forward to telling you sort of a lot more about sort of how we are thinking about these roadmaps as we go into our financial Analyst Day in June.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yes. Mark, so the software is very, very important. And software across all of those engines is important and Xilinx comes with a very strong software stack. We have our own software stack. You will see is unify that and that will be an important part of our roadmap going forward. And to your open-source point, we do believe in open-source. We think collaboration is an important part of the ecosystem as well. So, all of those are things that we are working on to provide more complete solutions for our customers.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure. Ross, thanks for the question. So for the second quarter in particular, the second quarter guide is driven by sort of one is the full quarter of the Xilinx business and strength in our server business primarily as we see the second quarter. There are other puts and takes, I would call them, on the smaller side of that. If you recall, I mean if you think about whether you think about the PC business or the gaming business, they tend to be more second half-weighted, so the second quarter doesn’t tend to be a strong quarter for those businesses and so that’s not the driver of the sequential increase.
Dr. Lisa Su: I am not sure that I see a quote-unquote plateau, Ross, so I wouldn’t say that. What I would say though is if I give you sort of the puts and takes of the second half of the year, that the -- again, we expect that the server business will continue to grow, as we said, good visibility there. We expect the console business to grow in the second half versus first half also. That’s typical seasonality. Typical seasonality in PCs would also have the second half higher than the first half. I think we are modeling for a little bit sub seasonal, just given sort of all the puts and takes in the market there. And then we expect the Xilinx business to also grow in the second half as more supply comes online given the strong demand. So if you see all those pieces, I don’t think there’s a plateau. I think it’s a continued improvement as we see, one, strong demand and also more supply coming online in the second half of the year.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. Sure, Tim. So without going into the exact numbers, I would say, the Semi-Custom business is a strong growth driver. We have -- we work with these customers very closely. We have good views of where they think the demand is. We are still in a place, if you were to look into the retail channel, you would say that the demand is underserved today in the Semi-Custom business and their real build is towards holiday. So the answer is we do believe that Semi-Custom will be at a record for us this year. We have more content. We also have the Valve Steam Deck that also has gotten very strong reviews and is ramping as we go into the second half of the year. And then on 2023, I do believe that 2023 will be another strong year for Semi-Custom and would be up. And again, if you look at the history of these ramps, it’s really around the fourth year that you see -- that you really see the business kind of hit its peak. In addition to that, just knowing some of the game releases that are -- from a software standpoint that are coming out, there are -- there is -- obviously there’s a good line of software also and [ph] expected strong lineup as we go forward. So, yes, that’s our current view of the Semi-Custom business.
Dr. Lisa Su: I would say, Tim, we haven’t seen that. We haven’t seen that particular phenomena. What we do see is that there needs to be good planning. So good planning with our Server customers and our large cloud customers and we are doing that. And our planning extends beyond 2022, extends into 2023 as well, and from what we can see, it’s robust demand.
Dr. Lisa Su: Yeah. I think, Brett, maybe it’s a broader conversation about our overall Software strategy. But as Victor mentioned, the unified Software capabilities around AI are very, very important. We also have with the acquisition of Pensando, they have a very strong Software team and effort around their GPUs and what we can do there. So I think as a total, you should see us investing a lot more in Software. And then in terms of the monetization and stuff, I think, we can address that more as we think about the overall solution space that will be offering across all of these compute engines. And again, much more --- great conversation that we can have as we come into our Financial Analyst Day in June.
Victor Peng: Yeah. I think you covered well. The only thing I would add is just again I think not only do we have a really broad portfolio of all the compute engines, but we are doubling down on the networking side, right, since we have strength in that and smartNIC and then with Pensando the kind of solutions that we could provide to customers in the overall infrastructure, right? It’s not about point things. It’s about the total solution. And as you probably know, scale-out in just a lot of these applications, you could be throttled by the network. So we really can optimize all this. And the customers really want optimizes customized solutions, and I think, that’s what we could do with both the former Xilinx, smartNIC, as well as Pensando even going further.
Victor Peng: Yeah. Maybe I will take this one. I agree with you actually. One of the things of the many things that’s really exciting since we joined AMD is we have done some customer visits and they are really excited about exactly that point. We have a broader portfolio in processors and even in some areas in the GPUs is also of great interest. The Embedded business at AMD has been selling APUs and Embedded versions of both the Server, as well as the Client kind of products. And now with the FPGAs and the adaptive SoCs we have, we really can give a much more complete solution. And so that is differently on the menu of things in terms of revenue synergies which we will discuss more at the Financial Analyst Day. But we are really excited about what we have even with the existing products and then we are really working on our roadmap for creating more value going forward. So it’s a great observation.
Victor Peng: Yeah. I mean, look, we have been -- we have this AI engine that is already deploying in production in a number of Embedded applications and endpoints in also edge devices like in cars. They are doing a lot of image recognition, all kinds of inference applications and that same architecture can be scaled and brought into the CPU product portfolio and as we have alluded to that, it’s exactly our plan. We are also in a moment ago is a succession around software. We are absolutely working on the unified overall software enabled the broad portfolio, but also especially in AI. So you will hear more about that at the Financial Analyst Day but we are definitely going to be leaning in AI both inference and training. And I would say end-to-end, because we have endpoints, we have edge devices, both computing and embedded devices, and in the cloud and enterprise. So we are very excited about that revenue synergy opportunity actually.
