David C. Novak: Thank you very much, Pat. Appreciate it. So in summary, the Yum! business is in very good shape and we look forward to a solid second half and full year EPS growth of at least 12%. So with that, we'll open it up for any questions that you have.
David C. Novak: And just the overall strategy, remember, is that what we want to do is to continue to drive affordable accessibility for the growing consumer class. We thought of -- and that's one of the big things that's been driving us. And what I continually tell the team is keep polishing the diamond, okay? We've got great, great brands there, keep making our brands affordable, make sure we have great operations, make sure the assets looks great and the numbers will take care of themselves. And we obviously take a great deal of pride in doing what we say, and I think we have a very good internal forecasting process. And we try to do the very best job we can guiding. And we were off 1 point in China this quarter. But I'm not going to apologize for that.
David C. Novak: Yes. The last thing the customer is going to see in China is sticker shock, okay? So I think we've done a very prudent job of managing pricing, and again, with the primary objective of being affordable. And I think that continues to be the case, and we're not really concerned about that.
David C. Novak: We really don't comment on how we're proceeding during the quarter. I just think that we're very confident in our long-term business model in China. And we think we're making each of our brand stronger this year. And we'll report our numbers out like we always do and not before it.
David C. Novak: First of all, I think that the -- our ability to hire and retain talent in China is renowned. I mean, we have outstanding operating capability there. In fact, we've recently created what we call Whampoa. It's our training academy for the entire retail industry. Basically, we're bringing in management recruits out of college, telling them that within 4 years they can become a restaurant general manager, potentially a franchisee inside of our company. And if they want to move on and move into another industry, they can be well trained and perfectly prepared to go into retail, opening up many, many different careers. So we hired thousands of management recruits this past year and we think that our goal with operations is to have KFC be the operating mecca for talent not only for ourselves, but the rest of the industry. Just like, I think historically in marketing, P&G has been the marketing training ground for lots of talent. So we have -- today when you look at our RGMs, 90% of our RGMs are at least college graduates. And we see that number actually edging up over time. The quality of our jobs, the perception of our jobs is very, very high in China. Now consider this, these people are running $1.7 million businesses. They have up to 100 employees, okay? They have huge general manager responsibilities and they're being very competitively paid. And we have a culture that is, I think, very, very highly regarded and respected in the country. One of the things that's interesting, I was in -- I gave a speech in Shanghai at Fudan University. And they had 300 seats. There were 600 people in the auditorium. They were literally packing the aisles and almost sitting on top of each other. And the dean of the business school asked, "How many of you have been to KFC or a Pizza Hut in the last week, okay?" Everybody raised their hand. And our ability to build great brands is very highly respected in China, and so we think -- the thing that I'm most pleased about is that we continue to build operating capability. It's that operating capability that's allowing us to open up all the restaurants and continue to get the great return. So I think the ability to attract and retain talent is probably -- well, we've voiced out our operations was our the biggest competitive advantage and I think it is today, that along with the local team that understands how to really build brands. But the operating capability is something we're very confident and we will never ever take our eyes off of it because we know that people capabilities is the key to getting great returns for the long term.
David C. Novak: Let me talk about first about the China franchise -- well first of all, in China, we are and will continue be predominantly company-owned. However, we are doing franchising on a limited basis and we're doing it more on a single-store owner basis, and we've been -- one of the things that we've been experimenting with and executing to a certain extent is taking great restaurant operators in our company and giving them the opportunity to run restaurants in China. So we think that, that will continue to be the case as we get bigger and bigger and bigger, especially across the number of different concept areas that we're in. And I'll turn to my new CFO to give you some perspective on our capital structure.
David C. Novak: I think the important point here that you bring up, which we take a great deal of pride in, is that we are a dramatically different company, as you point out, than we were 10 years ago and that we have the ability to invest tremendously behind the core growth of our business, which is our #1 priority. We are able to buy back stock and we're able to pay a good dividend. And our ability to do all 3 of those things has only gotten better. And I think that's what I think is exciting as we think about the tremendous growth prospects we have ahead. Okay. With that, I'd like to wrap it up, thank all of you for being on the call. As I said before, and I think it's a good summary of where we've been. The Yum! business is in very good shape, and we look forward to a solid second half and a full year EPS growth of at least 12%. So thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Richard T. Carucci: All right. David, why don't I take that since I was the one who gave the previous forecast. China is a pretty difficult business to forecast now than compared to, let's say, 5 years ago. If you go back a long time ago, almost all of our profit growth was generated by new unit development. We could count on cost of sales being pretty stable and us getting synergies in that area, et cetera. So we pretty much were able to grow our bottom line with our top line. If you look at it, there are just more moving pieces today. There's higher labor inflation, a lot more volatility on commodities than there used to be. And probably the only thing I think we missed is we may be missed some of the inefficiencies of going from 500 new units a year to 700 new units a year. So I think we did have some teething problems around new unit development and its impact on operations, and perhaps maybe we could have anticipated better. But whenever you have a high company-owned business, China's 90% company-owned or so, you're going to have volatility when you have same-store sales and cost of sales moving. So I think that -- and then you have an uncertain economic situation to look at there. The piece that we sort of anticipated but maybe not the extent of it is we did know sort of a quarter ago that we were going to have pricing impact. And when we started executing that pricing impact, we just stretched it out a little longer than what we thought at that point last year. And that was just sort of an underground decision based on the reactions that we were getting as we were putting that in place. But as Pat said, those are done now. So from a pricing standpoint, we've pretty much done the lion's share of what's going to impact the balance of the year.
Richard T. Carucci: I'll handle the environment before we get into commodities. I would call the U.S. as sort of in a process of a rocky recovery. So you do see from an industry standpoint, you see sort of a couple of good months and then a bad month and similar from a week-to-week basis. So things are not great and they're not terrible. They're sort of mediocre in terms of the marketplace right now. In terms of our business, I feel pretty good with -- I feel very good about the programs that we have in place. David talked about Pizza Hut, Taco Bell on the call. And if I look at the balance of year for Pizza Hut and KFC in terms of the plans we have in place, I feel good about our ability to be positive in the back part of the year.
Richard T. Carucci: Yes. No change in the plans. As sort of Pat mentioned, the goal is still to have Taco Bell go from roughly 22% to 16% ownership. And we said we'd do that over a 2- to 3-year period. We're on track towards delivering that. We feel very good, as Pat sort of mentioned, that by the end of the year we'll meet the refranchising target for KFC. So we're making good progress along that front.
Richard T. Carucci: Why don't I take that just from a historical context and Pat may want to add to it. Is that we always have a hard time in that part of the world, where when China slows down, they still have pretty strong GDP growth by our standards. But to your point that the consumers do get more cautious, so we are starting to see more sales at retailers in China. We probably expect that to continue as we go over time discounting. And we expect probably that could make it necessary to continue to provide the value that David talked about in terms of our approach to China. But the thing that's so -- if you look at consumers -- we do think they're going to get a bit more cautious. The biggest trends that we continue to see, and this was probably a bit magnified in the first part of this year, is Tier 1 cities are growing at a slower rate. And as you look at Tier 1 and Tier 2 and probably coastal cities, because exports appear to be slowing, they'll probably be hit harder. So one thing we feel fortunate about is the new unit development that Pat took us through, we're doing very well -- continue to do very well in Tier 3 through 6 cities. And those are generally performing at a higher rate. And right now, it's also higher same-store sales in those areas.
Richard T. Carucci: Well, just going back to December, I think that the biggest thing that occurred was the Chinese economic plan and the infrastructure development getting accelerated. And we talked about those cluster cities. And so a lot of new railroads, airports and then malls associated with those places have been sprouting up, and we've going in into those. And those are probably places that we didn't expect to have a couple of years ago. And then the other big part of the increase has just been, as David talked about, the great performance in Pizza Hut, and Pizza Hut also being able to be successful in the below Tier 2 cities. So those are the 2 biggest drivers that we're leveraging, and that's in -- as you know, if we went back 3 years ago, we wouldn't have anticipated that we would've hit these levels this quickly. And there was some teething pains associated with that from a profit standpoint, but we're obviously delighted that the number was able to reach what it reached so far. So we're not looking forward to accelerate beyond that.
Richard T. Carucci: Yes. Well, I think that the competitive nature in China is definitely higher in the Tier 1 cities. In the rest of China, I think as I sort of said before or we said on different occasions, I think our competitive position has actually improved because we're getting more and more units into these smaller-tier cities before anybody -- national chains, Chinese or Western, are able to get there. So it's a different dynamic by location. So definitely to your point, Howard, I think the Tier 1 cities and even the Tier 2 cities are starting to get more competitive. But we really haven't seen that in the lower-tiered places.
Richard T. Carucci: Just let me clarify. I was answering a question, I thought, about sales growth, so what I sort of said -- they asked about the environment for sales, and we just sort of said we expect positive sales for the KFC and Pizza Hut brands combined for the balance of the year, that we didn't think the environment is going to cause anything out there. I don't think we gave a profit outlook by quarter.
Patrick Grismer: And David, the other thing I would add to what Rick has said is that we had effectively guided that margins in the quarter would be down about 3 points. And they were, in fact, down about 4 points, so we missed it by about 1 point. So yes, it was a bit off from what we had indicated. But to Rick's point, the team on the ground is in the best position to read what's happening in the retail environment and to make the right decisions as it relates to how we execute our pricing actions, and then their judgment that made sense and we support them on this to go a little bit slower.
Patrick Grismer: Well, Michael, first, as to the extent of pricing that we took, as we said, the pricing was phased in over time. And that was in the low single-digit range, in the range of 3% to 4%. Moreover, the team put a great deal of thought into how and where to take that pricing based on their analysis of purchasing power and cost. And that's why we decided to take it slow. The team is very sensitive to the consumer environment currently and clearly, as David mentioned, is interested in maintaining the strong value position that we offer consumers. So in our judgment, we believe that the amount of pricing that we took was entirely appropriate based on what we've read over time. And so we do not expect that there's going to be an adverse consumer reaction to the amount of pricing that we've recently implemented.
Patrick Grismer: And Jason, the other thing I would add is that I think it's important to look at our comps on a 2-year basis, right? So as David said in his speech a couple of times, as we enter the back half of the year, we are lapping an extraordinary performance, right? Over the back half of last year, same-store sales were about 20%. So with that said and given how we performed in the first half of the year, we stand by our forecast for balance of year. It's single-digits on average.
Patrick Grismer: And Jeffrey, as to your question on inflation, relative to the guidance we provided in New York on full year inflation for each one of our divisions, based on what is happening in commodity markets, what we're currently forecasting is low single-digits inflation in each one of our divisions. And as we mentioned earlier in our remarks, that's one of the reasons why we're confident that we'll see the modest improvement in margins in China in the back half of the year.
Patrick Grismer: Yes. More on a full year basis, what we're seeing is low single-digits in China. Certainly, it would be close to flat even in the back half of the year for China, including in the fourth quarter the prospect of some deflation, given that we are lapping very high inflation last year.
Patrick Grismer: It will be very difficult for us to get to 20% this year because of the decline we experienced in Q2. We see that we're going to be in the 19% to 20% range. It's tough to call at this stage, right? But long-term, no doubt about it, we see our way to 20% on a sustainable basis.
Patrick Grismer: That's correct. Current pricings, including our most recent actions, is on the order of 7%. There were 2 separate actions taken in the fall of last year, one in September, one in November. So those will roll off as we approach the fourth quarter.
Patrick Grismer: With respect to transactions, given that we are lapping extraordinary traffic growth in the back half of last year, I would say that the traffic growth will be flat to slightly positive. But that is effectively working in our guidance for now back half of year of mid-single-digits same-store sales growth.
Patrick Grismer: And John, we normally wouldn't going into that level of detail here. And clearly, it was a contributor to the margin decline in a year-over-year basis. The good news is that we're making this investment to grow these strategic sales layers. So as we roll out more 24-hour operations, as we roll out more delivery in KFC, yes, there's an upfront investment. It's slightly dilutive to our margins. But the important thing is that we're creating the platform for future growth. And also I'm sorry, John, just one last point. As you think about the impact of labor, of course the other big one, which we mentioned on the call, is what happens when you ramp up new unit development. And to the point Rick made before, when you move from a run rate of 500 to 600 new restaurants a year to something north of 700, you have to make an investment in operating capability. And that's been one of the keys to our success in China is that we don't grow ahead of capability. We build the capability first, and then we open the restaurants. And that, what that requires is an investment in restaurant labor so that we have the pipeline of RGMs fully qualified, ready to run these restaurants to our standards.
Patrick Grismer: That is correct. And thank you for clarifying that. So our guidance on margin excludes the impact of Little Sheep. As we mentioned in the earnings release for the quarter, Little Sheep diluted margins by 0.3%. On a full year basis, in fact it will probably be a bit more than that. I mentioned in my remarks that the impact in Q3 alone could be up to a full percentage point. As to the impact to overall profits, at this stage, we would say that it will have a negligible impact.
Patrick Grismer: I'll take those questions in turn. First on foreign exchange. Reflecting back on what we guided in New York, you may recall that at that time, certainly as I think everybody appreciates, given how volatile the global markets had been, it's really tough to forecast these things. I wish I had that kind of forecasting precision. But back in New York, we said that we expected for the full year China to deliver a $40 million ForEx benefit and YRI to present a $10 million ForEx exposure, so a net of $30 million. Based on what we've experienced halfway through the year and we're currently projecting based on forward rates, China, we believe, is going to deliver a benefit of $25 million, so that's down from the $40 million. And YRI, because of what you just mentioned, the situation with the dollar, YRI will present an exposure of $20 million, so a net of only plus $5 million. So we've gone from plus $30 million to plus $5 million. That is working in our current guidance of at least 12% EPS growth. And secondly, on U.S. refranchising, Rick can comment.
Patrick Grismer: David, the other thing I would add -- and I'm sure you read the same economic reports that we do. And of course, recently it was announced that GDP in China have slowed from 8.1% to 7.6%. But remarkably, consumer spending rose as a percentage of overall growth from what was 47% of GDP growth last year in the first half to 58% in the first half of this year. So broadly, the extent to which consumer spending is contributing to the growth of the economy is improving and certainly, that works in our favor.
Patrick Grismer: Well, as I said in my remarks, we have an extraordinary development team in China that numbers roughly 1,000 people. And that capability is unmatched and is a competitive advantage for us and gives us the ability to drive to a new level of unit development. And as I mentioned, one of the reasons why China G&A is up, I think it's 23% on the quarter, is in part because of the investment, the significant investment we're making in this growth capability. And that gives us a lot of confidence to sustain this high rate of new unit development. As to the distribution of these new units across tiers, over the last few years, and this will continue into the future, we're seeing more of a skewing of our development toward those lower-tiered cities, where we have unique presence and capability. And that works in our advantage, as I mentioned, from a margin perspective because it is in those lower-tier cities that we have more favorable cost structures that allow us to generate higher margins and better returns.
Patrick Grismer: And Howard, just as a reminder, as we mentioned, when you look at our international development outside of China, so taking YRI and India together, we're now projecting gross builds of at least 1,000, which again is a record for Yum!.
Patrick Grismer: And just to build on that, Brian, one of the things that we -- we think our best part-time laborers in China are college students, and the percentage of college students have actually been rising over time.
Patrick Grismer: I'm not calling it on the quarter in terms of our outlook. But in Q2, the impact was about 1 point. And as we look at the year, we would say it's about 1 point.
Patrick Grismer: Yes, that is correct. But when we look at the full back half of the year, given the headwind we're facing with the lap of the 53rd week, we wouldn't say that it's modest for the back half. It's more of a third quarter phenomenon as we expect that the sales growth will temper a bit from what we've seen in the first half of the year, low single-digits.
Patrick Grismer: Yes. Sara, first to clarify, our forecast of improved margins for YRI in the back half of the year does not assume the benefit of the Pizza Hut U.K. refranchising. When we complete that transaction, as you mentioned, we expect about a 200 basis point improvement to YRI's margins overall. As to why we believe the situation is going to improve, it's important to recognize that in the second quarter, a key contributor to the decline was that we had a spike, a temporary spike in costs in Thailand at a time we were lapping quite extraordinary margins on Thailand. Thailand margins overall are very good, but it just so happens that given the timing of certain expenses including an increase in some wage rates that we took more of a hit in the second quarter. We see the situation for YRI overall in the back half of the year moderating where there's less pressure from unusual cost increases like this. That, combined with ongoing momentum in our productivity initiatives and what we expect we will see from same-store sales leverage, leads us to have confidence that we'll see an improved margin performance from YRI in the back half of the year.
Patrick Grismer: And as to our capital structure, I would say that we're happy with where we're at now and how we've managed it over time because we've gotten extraordinary results. We continue to take a look at what's happening in the market and what might make sense for us and for our shareholders. And so we'll continue to do that and apply the same good discipline we have for the last several years. So no changes anticipated at this stage, but we do continue to look at it.
