David Gibbs: Thanks, Dennis. Look, the Taco Bell brand performance in Q3 is obviously something we’re very proud of. Mark King and his team have done an amazing job of pivoting in this environment to meet the consumers’ new needs. So you touched on a couple of other things that they’ve done – to do so, but the ability to embrace larger meals – family meals, they’ve seen a doubling of their party size meals. They’ve obviously rolled out a lot of tech, rolled out a loyalty program to connect better with consumers and giving them access to delivery. They’ve added delivery partners as the quarter went on and they’re now on multiple platforms. And I think Taco Bell always has their finger on the pulse of the consumer. That’s what makes the brand great, the way they connect with consumers. They’ve recognized that this is – we’re really in an environment where the food is going from something as fuel to being something a little bit more like entertainment. This is an environment where people are now comfortable with how things are going to be for awhile and they’re looking for a little bit more excitement. That’s why you saw the success of something like the Grilled Cheese Burrito that got rolled out and was well received by consumers. So across multiple fronts, the brand is really connecting well with consumers and excited about the progress they made. Obviously, the margin progress they made in the quarter is somewhat related to the limited hours. The menu simplification that you mentioned, Dennis, was also helpful in that regard. So I think they’re getting through this in an admirable way.
David Gibbs: Yes. On Taco Bell development, I mean, just to pick an example, market Australia just opened their 15th units starting from scratch two years ago. That unit in its first day did weekly type sales volumes. The team in Australia, we’ve got two great franchise partners. They couldn’t be more excited. They have big plans for development next year, probably more than doubling the unit count there. So I think your question though is really country specific. Like everything, if we talk about averages on average, we’re pretty excited about development, but there’s going to be pockets and countries where we have franchisees that have – are more reliant on dine-in for any of our brands, they’re more affected by this obviously. And so we’ll have impact in certain markets and hopefully other markets where we’re on fire with our off-premise business can make up for that.
David Gibbs: Yes. On the other point on Grubhub, obviously, that our ability and our scale, our ability to get a board seat participate and understand what’s going on in the aggregator space was helpful to us with that investment. And we made a little money on the investment on the side. So I think that worked out the way we essentially had hoped. Turning to your question on Pizza Hut, obviously, this is an environment right now as we – as us and a lot of people have talked about where existing trends in the restaurant industry have just been accelerated. It’s not as so much about new trends being introduced. It’s just existing trends being accelerated like off-premise, like delivery, like ordering through tech. Pizza Hut is perfectly positioned for a lot of those trends. And that’s why you’re seeing such a strong performance from the Pizza Hut brand right now in the off-premise category. Our delivery carry out sales in the U.S., if you just isolate those sales, are up 21% mid-teens globally. So we do think the brand is well positioned for the future based on these accelerating trends. Franchisees are obviously benefiting from that in terms of their financial condition. And the opportunity to execute the strategy that we’ve talked about for now for a couple of years about wanting to get out of certain dine-in assets that aren’t brand building assets that are essentially holding us back. We’ve accelerated the transition out of those assets as you’re seeing in the numbers. So, certainly it’s a brand with a bright future in our portfolio, but still has a lot of work to do to pivot the asset base, the asset base that makes sense for today’s consumer.
David Gibbs: Great. Good question. Look, if we think about the overall development picture, as we’ve said before, we remained very bullish on the long-term opportunity for Yum! And we think it’s, as we said, a matter of when, not if, we get back to that long-term unit growth algorithm. The macros are promising. Our brand stand tall in this type of environment, they stand for value which pivoted to off-premise. So that’ll drive the top line for the stores. Our teams are developing prototypes that are fit for this with lower footprint sizes that have great digital capabilities and enhance even further our off-premise capabilities. And in certain markets, there likely will be some real estate tailwinds from a real estate cost standpoint. And our franchisees have been growth minded, historically, and they’ve shown their resilience through this situation and we’ve got great development teams. And even if you just think about what’s happening this year in the pandemic, there are some very positive signs. As I mentioned earlier, three of the four brands have grown their units this year. And if you think about KFC and Taco Bell alone, we’ve had 540 net new units this year, which is three, three quarters, 1.5 of net new unit growth. Even at Pizza Hut, we’re working through the asset transformation that David mentioned, we’ve had 340 gross opening so far this year. So it indicates that our development teams and our franchisees are working hard there. So all of that I think is what gives us the long-term confidence. I’d love to say that we’ll get there as soon as we can. And our teams are going to be striving to do even more as you described, but we’re confident in the long run. We still have uncertainty about the timing of it. And that’s why we just can’t commit to the exact timing of when we get back to that algorithm. You’ve seen the news from Western Europe over the last couple of days. That’s an example of the types of things that are driving the uncertainty on exactly how this will play out. And that’s why we just can’t provide specific guidance on the timing or the exact number.
David Gibbs: Great. Couple of good questions there. Look, I’ll give you a couple of facts that help on the Pizza Hut side just as we think about the closures that we’re seeing. First, there, more than 50% of the closures are our dine-in units and our express units, and that’s how we’re driving the asset transformation. That’s why you saw the two-point reduction in the dine-in percentage of the estate both in the U.S. and internationally. And as you might expect, those stores that were closing are underperforming stores. So on average, in the U.S. as an example, the average unit volume of the closed stores is about two-thirds that of the overall system average. And that’s true, whether you’re talking about the regular stores that are closing, the dine-in stores that are closing, or the express units, they’re both on the underperforming side. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of a feel for the nature of how we’re cleaning up underperforming assets and driving this asset transformation in Pizza Hut. On the bad debt side, yes, you saw this quarter the recoveries were dramatic. We think that is a great signal about the long-term health of the franchisee base and the resiliency of the franchisee base and the way that we’ve worked with them through the pandemic. In the quarter, relative to last year, it was about a $30 million swing, $17 million in KFC and about $13 million in Pizza Hut, mostly in Pizza Hut U.S. Look, in the long run, we hope to get back to more normal levels of bad debt expense, but I think we’ve got to remain vigilant in the near-term just given the uncertainties around COVID. But we’re certainly pleased with what happened in the quarter and think overall it’s a great sign of the resiliency of our franchisee base and business model.
David Gibbs: Yes. Thanks, Sara. And part of your question broke up at least for us here, but I think I got it. On the Taco Bell mix and the impact from the impact to ours, our breakfast business, as you said, typically mix is around 6%. I think that mix is down to four now as a number of people have stopped serving breakfast, although it’s still in more than half of our stores. And we obviously we are committed to breakfast long-term and expect to be back into that with all stores as time goes on. I do – as far as the impact to the business, it’s a point or two of same-store sales impact depending on how you want to cut it. So it’s nothing that we can’t overcome, obviously, as we pivot to other means of serving customers. And then the question on acquisitions, I think we mentioned it in the speeches, I’ll repeat it. We’re really pleased with the acquisitions that we’ve done, whether it’d be the QuikOrder acquisition that we did on the technology side a couple of years ago. We recently bought Heartstyles, Collider, a consumer insights company. Now these are smaller acquisitions, but more recently obviously the Habit Burger Grill. It’s worth really taking a look at what they have done in this environment. They went from over 50% of their sales coming from dine-in and another good portion of their sales coming from carry out in the restaurant to pivoting almost everything coming outside the restaurant and recovering to nearly flat. I think they’re basically flat in the stores that are open. So I think that’s an incredibly positive data point for a brand that we believe is on the rise. We have lots of interests in the franchise community from it. But we’re in no rush to do another acquisition. We want to digest Habit, get that established, get the right partners around the world and get the growth going there. And if we continue to see the kinds of results that we think we’re going to see and that we have seen from them that would be obviously a positive data point as we think about other similar type acquisitions down the road.
David Gibbs: Yes. So David on G&A, we’ve removed guidance right now, but in general, the way we think about G&A is coming out of the transformation we were right-sized. We did a lot of work in the transformation to right-size the expense base. And so we were already fairly lean and of course our mindset is one that’s driven by lean. We’re going to invest in things that make sense and drive value for the customer and for the business. But we’re going to make sure that we’re reducing expense otherwise and managing those expenses carefully on things that aren’t driving value. And right now I think the main thing we’re doing on G&A is continuing to reallocate spend to things that will drive long-term growth. So we’re continuing to invest ahead in digital and technology, invest in our Recipe for Good. And so that’s our focus. At the same time, in order to create room for that investment, we are doing the things you’d expect us to be doing in terms of optimizing the way that we work, taking advantage of the cost reduction opportunities that COVID puts on the table. And so we’re trying to manage it very smartly. Obviously in the long run, some of those day-to-day expenses will start to come back, but we’ll continue to manage this in a lean way.
David Gibbs: Yes. Thanks for everybody’s time today. Obviously, we’re excited and proud of the results that we put up in Q3, showing strong sequential improvement on the recovery from Q2, driven by the things that we wanted to see. Our ability to adapt and pivot to off-premise, embrace digital, the billion dollars of extra digital sales in the quarter, just like we did in Q2 is incredibly encouraging. But yet, we know it’s a fluid environment, and that as we’re seeing in Europe, it’s just not an environment where we can predict and guide for 2021. We do have confidence in our team based on how they recovered so far, and that whatever thrown our way, we’ll be able to pivot to it. As we’ve gone into Q4, the trends from Q3 have continued, but we know that it’s an uncertain environment and that we’ll be faced with more challenges and excited about the way the business can pivot, meet those challenges and continue to thrive. So thank you for your time today.
