Greg Creed: Yeah, John, I think one important difference between the U.S. and international is our international dine-in stores are actually in fairly good shape. These are good assets in good locations and in many countries we actually have a very strong dine-in business that we have confidence in for the future. That's quite a contrast to the U.S. where we have a lot of Red Roof restaurants that are in the wrong part of the trade area, haven't been remodeled and clearly need to go away. So there's a lot of capital required to get out of the Red Roof restaurants in the U.S. It's not a similar situation internationally. So no, we don't anticipate any kind of capital investment needs from Yum! going into international dine-in business.
Greg Creed: Yeah, that's exactly right. I think I shared 80% of the stores are – that are being replaced, so when we have a dine-in unit that does need to be replaced it is being replaced with one of the fast casual or Delco assets. We think this transition will occur, it won't happen overnight but it is planned to occur over time. And with half of our sales coming – roughly half of our sales coming from dine-in today, we think that number will be closer to a quarter of our sales within three to four years, just from the natural shift of, for example, closing on the Telepizza deal, adding all of those delivery sales, building all these net new unit Delcos that are in the pipeline and then all the work that's being done to replace dine-in stores with delivery stores. So we want to give everybody the clear signal that we do have a plan to migrate out of those dine-in stores, but we thought it was important to highlight frankly that the delivery carryout business at Pizza Hut International is actually fairly healthy. That business is doing well, but the results we report don't show the success that we're having in that part of the business.
Greg Creed: Yeah, sure. Look if I answer it in its totality, we're now the NFL partner. It's with us and not a competitor. Is that a good thing? Yes it is. We know what the right price points are to be successful in the marketplace. Do we have all of our franchisees on those price points right yet? No, we don't. But are the stores that are on the right price points doing better? Yes, they are. And as we said, I personally feel that we just got to do a better job of communicating this compelling value. We've got a new agency, they're onboard, the team is all over it and I think you will see us going forward with what I'll call sharper and more distinctive advertising and communication around this compelling value that we offer.
Greg Creed: Dave, the way I think about it is that the foundations of Pizza Hut U.S. are in a much better place. I think our delivery times, the quality of the food we're delivering, the price points, all of those are fundamentally in a better place. So our foundations are definitely in a better place. Have we made it easier for our customers to access? Yes, we have through both digital, through both our apps, through the pricing. The point I was making and I think it's one that the team is very aware of is that we have to bring that sort of sharpness of what we're now delivering and doing so we attract new customers. I think our current customer base is very happy with the foundational improvements they're seeing in the brand. The opportunity for us is to bring in new customers by communicating and messaging better this compelling new proposition that Pizza Hut U.S. has to offer, which is an operating improvement, an ease improvement, a value improvement. We just got to do a better job of communicating that and I'm confident that once we do do that and when customers have a new Pizza Hut experience they'll be very happy with the experience that they have. And on that basis, I feel good about the momentum that the (37:06) as David said earlier, our performance in delivery and carryout is better than our overall performance. So have we got work to do? Yes. The foundation is in place? Yes. Can we do a better job of communicating? Yes. And we know what the task is and when you know what the task is, you go chase it and you deliver it.
Greg Creed: Yeah, I think Taco Bell is just doing everything really well. Obviously to report 5% system sales growth, the calendar was incredibly strong. The team adjusted the calendar, which I was really proud of. The fact that they weren't happy with how they got out of the gate, so they adjusted the calendar. I think the product innovation continues to be world class. I still believe that there's no better product innovation that comes out – that doesn't come out from Taco Bell. The restaurants are being incredibly well-run. The value price points are spot on. The communication is distinctive and cut through. And to the delivered system sales growth of 8%, that is really at the top end, definitely the top end of what happened in the Mexican category and I would argue at the top end of what's happened in QSR. And then, I guess, to top it all off, the prestigious Harris Poll to make Taco Bell the number one Mexican brand in the country was I think just the icing on the cake. So I think this brand is set up for continued success.
Greg Creed: Well, yeah, I think as I said the KFC performance and the acceleration is down to a number of things: great value, delivery, digital, very good execution and as we said in the commentary, it's widespread. We've had really good across-the-board performance in the quarter from KFC. So what I liked about it was geographically this was a really strong across-the-board sort of quarter. So I think they're doing all the things right. Value is great, delivery, digital and really good execution focusing on the core, and they're doing that across a broad range of markets and we're seeing the benefit. And then on your question on the $5 lineup, yes, it is sustainable. It's been designed to be sustainable. And even the things that, I'm not going to talk about that are coming out, that will go on the menu in the future are also designed to sustain the $5 price point. So I feel very good. We've got the right price points, we communicated in a compelling way and we will see an improvement in Pizza Hut U.S.
Greg Creed: Okay. So first of all, I just want to thank everyone for being on the call today. We remain confident that we are going to deliver on our transformation to be more focused, more franchised and more efficient, all of which will deliver more growth. Q3 was a strong quarter. We obviously have work to do on the top line at Pizza Hut International, but I am happy with their new-unit development. However, it is great that two of our brands which represent over 80% of our operating profits are delivering on all four of our key growth drivers. The high single-digit system sales growth at both Taco Bell and KFC was impressive I think by any standard. And we look forward to discussing this more in December and thank you for being on the call with us today.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah, I think the beauty of Yum! obviously is that we do have a diverse portfolio of brands and countries. And yes, the Pizza Hut business is underperforming our expectations when we started this transformation journey. But obviously, we're also seeing great strength at the much bigger parts of our business at Taco Bell and KFC and we did reiterate our guidance for 2019 today. So I think you never get there the way you planned when you start the journey and we'll talk more about this when we get to December Analyst Day. But we feel good about the state of the business. Obviously, the results this quarter and the fact that we are very demonstrably ramping up net new-unit development certainly helps this earnings model of ours. Just as another fact on that front, year-to-date now we have 892 net new units opened for the year compared to 2017. At the same point, we had 677, so we're 215 units ahead of the pace we had last year. Remember last year we were well ahead of the pace from the prior year, so that's all quite positive and typically the fourth quarter of the year is the biggest year on development by far. So a good story on the development front that helps the earnings model.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah, and just one thing to add on that although the dine-in sales in the Pizza Hut U.S. business are only 10% of the business or so, remember about half the assets are dine-in assets. Those assets are very often in the wrong part of the trade area to deliver, they're not set up in the back of house to deliver. So, although the sales mix is now down to a much more manageable level, we still have work to do that should give you confidence over time. Once we move those assets we'll be in a much better shape.
David W. Gibbs: Look I think, we'll talk a lot more about 2019 guidance when we get to the December analyst event. But we weren't trying to imply that there was any change to our high single-digit core operating profit growth model in future years with any of the comments today. The business and the models all generally remain intact, but we'll provide a lot more color on that when we get to the December event.
David W. Gibbs: On the question of lapping, all of the transformation initiatives were really designed to help the business for the long-term. There really isn't a lapping issue. We invested in media. You'd think that could be a lapping issue, but that was done so that then the franchisees ongoing contribution in media would jump up. So we will have that additional media in future years, so there's – it's not like that creates a lap issue and then the other investments in things like pouches, and different standards for the brands, launching the loyalty program, we should continue to reap the benefit of those investments over time.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah, look again, we'll go into a lot of the future guidance and we'll actually have the leaders from each of the brands talk about their development plans when we get to the December analyst event. I think I want to celebrate the fact that we've made meaningful progress to-date during this transformation as we've been doing all these things like cutting G&A and getting the business more focused. We're starting to see the benefit from development. It's showing up in the numbers, which is why I'm trying to highlight that every quarter. Do we think – and are we pushing to take the numbers higher from here? Yes. Do we think there are opportunities in almost every market whether they be the mature markets in the U.S. or the international markets? Yes. KFC U.S. is very focused on getting to be a positive net new unit grower. And just as a preview, I think we can get them there next year. So, yeah, that is something that's really quite additive to the model, when you think about how many units they've been closing over time. But yes, we're excited about unit growth. We'll never stop pushing for more, because when the returns are healthy, you should be capitalizing that and building more and the franchisees love it. It's a way for them to grow their business. But we'll give you even more color on that when we get to December.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah, that's true Jeff that now we – you really can't judge the margins that we report and use that as a proxy for the franchise unit economics since we're down to some small numbers with a lot of noise in them. I guess, a general comment on franchisee health is when you operate in as many different combinations of brands and countries as we do there are always pockets of issues. We got 2,000 franchisees. There is always going to be some that are having challenges that we're working with, but the vast majority of our franchise system around the world is quite healthy. The areas where we would have more issues that you would expect would be in businesses where we're trying to transform the business a little bit like Pizza Hut U.S. We're trying to make sure we have the healthiest system of franchisees that we can. Some of the stuff we did in the Transformation Agreement was designed to give us some strength to manage out our underperforming franchisees. And you may see some change in the franchise system there. But in general, I think our franchise health around the world is quite good, and the unit returns that we're reporting are strong. You heard Yum! China yesterday on their earnings call talk about two-year cash paybacks on brand new KFC, so that kind of thing at least to help new franchisees.
David W. Gibbs: I think we've done a lot to support the franchisees as we move out of the dine-in asset base into the delivery base. By compelling arguments, there are some incentives that we've done to do that, that we haven't talked about a lot on these calls. So I think we've looked at those things and we've worked with the franchise community to help support them in that regard. Remember that, building a new delivery carryout unit is a very good economic proposition in general. It's a low-cost investment and it generates a three, four year cash payback in general. So the economics are there to make it happen, but when you're dealing with over 3,000 dine-in restaurants it's just going to take some time.
