David W. Gibbs: Hi. Yeah, great question Brian. I am really excited about what's going on in development. Just to put some numbers around it. Year-to-date we've opened 482 net new units versus 317 at this point last year. So we're up 165 units. As for the composition and what that might look like going forward, obviously, KFC and the level that they are performing on and the growth number of units that they're opening is fairly significant. But they still have enormous runway to keep going and take their numbers up. But Taco Bell and Pizza Hut starting from lower numbers I think can have even more room to improve their percentages in their growth rates. The Pizza Hut model with the Delcos, as we said, we're getting 90% of our growth through Delcos. It's a really efficient way to build new units with great returns for franchisees in most cases. So we see ramping that up fairly significantly and you're seeing that right now around the world. And then Taco Bell as we've said many, many times is really just scratching the surface internationally. So my guess is as we go forward you'll see the composition change a little bit with Pizza Hut and Taco Bell becoming a bigger and bigger part of unit growth and KFC taking their already very impressive numbers up further as well.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah, I mean on the question of the dine-in stores at Pizza Hut and their ability to deliver, we actually do have some dine-in stores that deliver out of the dine-in stores, we call them restaurant-based delivery. And with aggregators it does make it easier to add dine-in stores to the delivery world and have the aggregators deliver from our dine-in stores. I think Yum! China has taken advantage of that opportunity. So for us, the dine-in asset base though is very different around the world for Pizza Hut. In some cases, it's nearly white tablecloth. In other cases, it might resemble more of a fast casual kind of asset and you have to take into account on the delivery side is the back of the restaurant actually set up to deliver? In some cases it is, in some cases it isn't. In some cases, the menu is something that could be delivered, in other cases it's more of a dine-in menu. So we are – where there are opportunities we are taking advantage of the ability to add delivery to our dine-in assets. And as I mentioned in the opening remarks, the vast majority of the stores we're building, the Telepizza stores that we are adding, they are all delivery capable stores. So you'll see our asset base become more and more delivery capable over time. As far as the trends on delivery...
David W. Gibbs: Yeah. I mean, both U.S. and internationally, our delivery business is in growth mode. Our delivery carryout business is in growth mode. So back to the earlier question of, are we seeing other people getting into delivery impacting us, it would be hard for us to say that since we feel pretty good about our Pizza Hut delivery carryout business today.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah, look, I think as we've said a couple of times, we're pleased with the initial results that we're seeing by adding delivery into Taco Bell and KFC. Remember, Taco Bell already had a decent sized pool of stores that they experimented with delivery with another aggregator partner. Behind the scenes, we're doing all the work to integrate the systems with Grubhub, so that we can make this the fastest most seamless process for consumers and for our store employees. And we feel good about how that work is going. We're not throwing out numbers and targets and when certain number of units are going to be opened because there are several milestones we have to get through as we go on this journey. In fact, we're still trying to finalize the specific terms of the agreements that our franchisees will sign with GRUB. And then until things like that happen, we don't have complete visibility to a timeline around certain units and when they'll all be on. But as far as initial results, I think we're pleased with how things have gone.
David W. Gibbs: And in a good way I guess, we're fairly sophisticated when it comes to the subject of delivery. We know delivery well from our Pizza Hut business. So getting Taco Bell and KFC in, we have very high standards for where we want to ultimately get to. And while, as Greg said, we're pleased with where we're at right now in the journey, we know what ultimately the kinds of times and accuracy that you need to deliver in delivery. We're not there yet, but we're on that path to getting there with GRUB right now.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah, on the specific question, it was a fair question though, as we expand will we end up with more and more cannibalization impacting same store sales growth? Actually if you think about where we're growing, mostly very much wide open spaces. We talked in our opening comments about how Pizza Hut's just entering Sub-Saharan Africa, there is new countries to enter, there's hundreds of units to build. I mean in many ways the units that you build start to produce more marketing dollars, which help you grow your topline more. Certainly at some point you'll get to saturation and you will deal with more of the impact issues that are little bit more common in the U.S. We have a very big presence in emerging markets where the markets are growing, where our unit counts are growing along with the population and with the purchasing power of the population and we really don't see a lot of concern about cannibalization from the development folks and where we're building stores.
David W. Gibbs: I wouldn't necessarily say accelerated, obviously, as we're getting towards the end of the refranchising and most of the – we have two kinds of G&A cuts, obviously, the organic cuts that were independent of refranchising and those related to our refranchising. The vast majority of the organic cuts were made early in this journey and then we're coming to the end of the G&A reduction coming from the refranchising. We do have some annualization of G&A savings, but you're absolutely right to point out, look, we're almost at the 1.7% target. You look at the first half number and sort of double that. You get a sense for where we can get to, where we want to go, we want to get to fairly comfortably as we keep growing the top line. So, yeah, we're in good shape on G&A and that's why we reiterated all the elements of the transformation in our commitment.
Greg Creed: Yeah, I think we're in obviously the early days of testing with Grubhub. I think that's – I think the key thing is that we've got the systems integrated. So we're in the very early days. We are seeing what you'd expect us to see, which is incremental transactions we're seeing higher check. We've not unleashed the marketing muscle behind it, so we think there's a lot more transaction growth to get. But the transactions appear to be incremental at a much higher check. So I think in that sense we feel good about delivery. And obviously, I think that we'll obviously work with Grubhub in order to grow this opportunity. Nothing better than a new occasion and a higher check that's all good for us and we'll obviously continue to support that and make that a big deal going forward.
Greg Creed: Yeah, I think if you look at our international pizza business, there's a distinct difference between our performance in dine-in and our performance in off-premise. And so we feel good about our off-premise performance in our international Pizza Hut business. It's got some very good numbers and, as I said, there's quite a difference between that and our dine-in. We've still got some strong dine-in markets, Hong Kong, Indonesia that are performing well. But, clearly, as David said, we're building the future which is Delcos and we're still seeing good growth in international in our off-premise business.
Greg Creed: Yes. I mean, look, I think the key is as we've been trying to say, this is very early. We're in test. We haven't unleashed the marketing muscle of each of the brands in order to drive it. So I think we're seeing times that we're really happy with. So we've obviously got a very big Pizza Hut delivery business. We know what the expectations of the customers are. So I think we feel good about the delivery times that we're delivering to the customers. The transactions per restaurant are still small, but I believe that with all the work we've got from our Pizza Hut knowledge on how to deliver, that we are meeting the customer's expectations. So I feel good about that. The tests are very early, small number of stores. And I think as David said correctly, getting both KFC and Taco Bell integrated in the POS system, we don't want to be going to a tablet to order, to place an order because then you get speed issues. You get accuracy issues. We know all of that. So we would rather get the integration done right, test the integration, then unleash the marketing dollars and then drive the incrementality that we know we'll get.
Greg Creed: Look, I think that being at the low end of 2% to 3% is not where I want us to be. I think we have every capability to be closer to the high end of the range. And it's probably not a surprise to anybody that based on our first half performance even accounting for the KFC performance in the UK, we have strengthened the back half calendars on all the brands. We happen to have a thing called, as David said, the marketing planning meeting last week for KFC. I sat through every one of those brand presentations. I've seen the calendar adjustments. I think that there is still opportunity for us to grow closer to the 3% than the 2% we are delivering. And I can assure you we're very focused on, obviously, continuing to grow the net new units that David spoke about, and which we're obviously happy about. But I do believe we can still accelerate our growth closer to 3% than to 2%.
Greg Creed: Sure. I think there's no doubt that all three brands have to be on value, that's like given. And obviously getting back on value is critically important. I think the exciting opportunity for Pizza Hut in U.S. is to activate our NFL partnership. And obviously as we said, we renewed our NCAA partnership, and the way we look at it will be sort of owning football Thursday through Mondays. And I think there's nothing that brings America together more than football and pizza. So I think all – as we said, all the internal metrics which we talked about are improving; three minute speed if a speed improvement, obviously customer satisfaction improving. And I'm looking forward to us activating this partnership as football season gets underway. And obviously, hopefully using that to drive our brand to be more relevant, to be more distinct and then obviously the functional foundational stuff is helping us make this more easy. So, I think we're doing all the right things. We've got to deliver the results, it's sort of show-me time, but we feel good about what we've got for the back half of the year on Pizza Hut in the U.S.
Greg Creed: Sure. Well, yeah, you're right. I mean value has become an important part of the industry. It's become an important part of every brand's positioning. As we talked about last week at the MPMs, I think there's also two ways to how you can communicate value: one is to apologize and one is to celebrate. I believe that we should be celebrating the fact that we can offer great value to our customers. Each of the three brands has a very clear value roadmap. I'll use U.S. dollars to talk because it will be easier, but if you are thinking about KFC, they have got $5, $10, $20. And then some of the markets where we're seeing really good performance they've got disruptive value as well. Taco Bell has got $1, $5 boxes. To your point, they're all performing very well in line with our expectations. To given an example, the fries, nacho fries which we launched essentially a la carte in the third quarter, we've been able to put them in the $5 box. I think that will enhance the appeal of the $5 box by putting one of the most popular new products we've launched. And then on Pizza Hut, it's about consistently staying on every day value and making sure that we deliver great tasting pizzas at a great price. So I think every day value will be important and I think the occasional hit of disruptive value will be important, because we've seen that where we deliver consistent every day value, it doesn't matter what the brand or what the country with the occasional disruptive value, that's the places we are winning and delivering the best same store sales growth.
Greg Creed: Sure. Well, I think franchise economics are critical right? I like to say if you have great economics for the franchisee and great enthusiasm from the customer you've got a winning combination. So we're obviously very conscious of franchise economics. I think a good example would be Taco Bell took a la carte fries from $1 to $1.29 but they put them in the $5 box and we're going to sell a lot more $5 boxes. And so I think each of the brands has done a very good job of being conscious of the unit level economic impact. The other great thing is these businesses run off in a momentum and volume, and our ability with these disruptive value offers which are essentially protein only offers, example, in Australia which as I said earlier two year stack of 11, of which 7 or 8 is transaction growth. They run nine pizzas for $9.95 on a Tuesday because of the – and it's only chicken. So obviously all the sides are bought at full margin. So there's a lot of smart thinking that's gone into all of this. And obviously we've got our franchisees on board. We've got them supporting this, but we're very conscious of their economics. And I think you also saw in the quarter results that our Taco Bell margins improved despite the fact that we obviously were doubling down on $1 and $5 offering. So I think we've got a very good way of working with our franchise partners delivering great unit level economics for them and great customer enthusiasm. On your question on China, I think the way I want to think about it is that, obviously they talked last night, we listened to their call about their new unit growth which we're excited about, them continuing to grow new units and the returns that they're getting on those units, so I think it's two units on KFC and three to four on Pizza Hut, so that's exciting. And the other great thing is the KFC China team and the Pizza Hut team were at the MPMs last week. So they sat in for a whole week as every country shared what they're doing to drive same store sales growth. So the China team got to see what the Australia team is doing, and all those sort of things, and I think that's the beauty of a global business like Yum! which is we can share, we can cross collaborate. So I'm excited that they'll be able to take those learnings, go back, adjust their calendars just like we have adjusted the calendars in the rest of the business. And obviously hopefully deliver stronger same store sales growth in the back half of the year.
Greg Creed: Okay, so let me just say, first of all, I want to thank everyone for taking their time to be on our call today. Like any business there are things that you're proud of and happy about, but there's always this unfinished business as we all know. I'm really proud of the entire organization's efforts and results on our transformation to be more focused, more franchised and more efficient. These were really bold goals and it's clear that we're going to achieve them. I'm also particularly proud of how we've step changed our new unit development, which we talked about today across the globe and across the three brands, and we've moved from consistently delivering 3% to now 4% net new unit growth. And I think David and I believe we have the opportunity to eventually even do better than that. So where do we have unfinished business? Same store sales growth obviously. If I take out the impact of the KFC distributor issue, our numbers aren't bad, but I have to be honest to say I'm not content. And I know we can and will do a lot better. The brands have all adjusted their back half calendars which I've seen and I know now we have to deliver, not just talk about it. That's my focus. It's our focus for the second half. So thanks again and I look forward to updating you on our journey to deliver a world with more Yum! Thank you.
