Greg Creed: Yes Brian, I think that’s a good way to look at it, obviously we have a lot more refranchising to do and that will be more dilutive and that’s why we highlighted the issues related to that in the fourth quarter and that will continue into the first half of the year. 
Greg Creed: And I don’t think that and there have been no real impacts to our business from any of the issues although I would point out as Pizza Hut is the official sponsor of the NCA and so we're happy about that partnership. 
Greg Creed: Well, I think you just saw John we’re making good progress obviously we're making good progress in KFC in developing and emerging markets as you saw [Indiscernible] is also is making great progress. We are also making progress at Pizza Hut on the international side of Pizza Hut we obviously had a good quarter I think system sales were down was 7% and obviously we are going to have to make quarter-over-quarter progress but as we said don’t expect any heroics, but we do believe we can if I getting the foundations in place and doing the right things continue to progress our Pizza Hut U.S. performance. So, I just feel good about the performance we are making the steady progress we are making we are making the brands more distinctive and more relevant and easier and I think all of that is going to help us get to the long-term goal.
Greg Creed: I think we've categorized that as 10 to 12 percentage points of headwinds through a combination of refranchising dilution and the impact from the 53rd week, you can do the math on it but basically we will get into more details on that in the fourth quarter and the other challenge that we have with all of this refranchising is the timing is never really certain, these are deals that we're working on without side parties and they will close when they close, we don’t want to close them before they should close or any later then they should close. It was very hard to predict exactly what that will be in the fourth quarter. 
Greg Creed: I think that question on delivery, which is sort of easy part of distinct, relevant and easy, I mean the good news is we got a thousand Taco Bells delivering now obviously the KFC team as we said went off to the delivery summit with China so they picked up a lot of ideas on how to execute delivery, we go almost I think 20,000 brands with Yum! currently delivering, we got a lot of in house knowledge obviously with the pizza brand and obviously with KFC and places like the Middle East delivery. And obviously we're doing some testing work with aggregators. So, I think we're doing all the things that you would expect us to do when order to unleash the growth potential of delivery going forward. 
Greg Creed: Sure. I think Greg the good news is the delivery that we are doing there are two things that are obviously, check does grow. Secondly that also a lot of it is new occasions. So, I think what we are excited about delivery actually gives us greater access to newer occasions and high checks. So, both of those will obviously help to drive system sales. I think right now into early days but what we are seeing is part of a check growth and a new occasion opportunity both of those obviously positive for our growth potential. 
Greg Creed: When you are in that 137 countries there is a lot of international consumers. Look, I think our business in Central and Eastern Europe is strong our KFC business in the UK is strong look I think where we built distinct relevant and easy brands which is really the cornerstone of driving our system sales growth and where we've got great franchise partners who are executing a great customer experience I think that's why we are continuing to see the success and the growth that we are around the world. So, look there will always be markets when you know as many of that have good macros and bad macros our job is to build distinct relevant and easy brands supported by unmatched franchise operating capability.
Greg Creed: Well I think the good news -- I've talk about same store sales growth I think the good thing is that Roger Eaton, is doing a great job of getting everyone focused back on the call. So, if you think about the innovation that we've been doing it's all been innovation around core chicken on the bone. So, flavors delivered by chicken on the bone value, you have got everyone running $5 boxes, $10 share and $20 family meals, I think that’s helping delivering, obviously, we do believe that the KFC brand, I joke internally that the Colonel we're going to deliver and that’s why he made the bucket 60 years ago, because there is better delivery vehicle then a bucket of chicken.  So, I think that for all of those reasons, focus on the core, flavor around the core, pride in the core and then obviously great execution plus then delivery, I think will gives us with the confidence that even through this is a big brand and yes it has a lot of big number that this brand can continue deliver like it's been delivering for the past few quarters and I remain firmly confident that this brand will continue to deliver. 
Greg Creed: Obviously, we talked but that’s we're not provide brand by brand guidance on development but your question is well placed John, of course we like to see all of our brands pick up the pace of development, KFC is building a lot of units but it also describes the service and so many markets the world, I know the KFC team is continually looking for ways to accelerate development and you’re seeing some of that happening this year. 
Greg Creed: I think two things, John I think as David said, in the large part of the world, we got less than one unit for million population, a large part of the world, you would argue we would be under penetrated compared to sort of develop market economics.  The second thing is, I think as we gone through this transformation, as we refranchise the business, we build in as we said stronger franchises, so about our existing franchise base, we’re very happy with and the new franchises with development agreement attached to all of this, which traditionally we haven't done but as well as with the capability and the commitment and the capacity to actually do this development. So, I think for those reasons, we feel good about the KFC branding out to deliver both same store sales growth and net new unit growth, this year, next year the year after and the year after that. 
Greg Creed: I think it's fair to say that some of the refranchising commitments have started to impact the pace of development but remember with the time frames around development and when we just really restarted this batch of refranchising little bit over a year ago a lot of these deals were in the pipeline before the refranchising began so it's starting to have an impact and then we hope that it will continue to avenue impact of even greater magnitude as we go forward. 
Greg Creed: I guess also to clarify we've said the majority of the refranchising would be done by year-end but we certainly will have some refranchising that will still be in 2018. And then as far as what might be a lagging item on the G&A versus the refranchising of stores just to give you like an obvious one in some international markets if we're selling the entire market we might have office lease obligations, we might have to do a lot of things with employees to continue during the transition period to a franchise owner organization all of that would be lagging the actual transfer to restaurants at a restaurants level profitability that we would going to with the franchises.
Greg Creed: I think it's just a nice positive build I think the good news is when QSR magazine came out and rated [indiscernible] genius category I think we were only second behind Starbucks in a sort of group with Dominos, so we feel really good that our asset is being recognized at least within the industry.  So, no, I think we are making progress, its early days. I know the advertising for hot pouches has just started as we said you will get to a crispier, hotter, when they next experience Pizza Hut. So, I think we are doing all the right things. Our loyalty is now underway making progress on that, we are happy with that progress. So, I think we are just starting to do all the right foundational blocking and tackling things and I'm pleased with the progress that we are making on all of those fronts.
Greg Creed: Yes, I think first of all we are pleased with the prices we are getting for refranchising as I've mentioned on previous calls. There is the strong market for the stores that we are refranchising and lots of capital out there available for these kinds of deals and similarly with that capital availability we've got franchises willing to sign up for development commitments we've got generally very good unit level economics in most of the countries we operate in, so yes, I think it's been a very positive story in terms of the reception to the refranchising program.
Greg Creed: I think as I said earlier the great thing is we can grow $1 all day, all night, all week, all month, all quarter and still have great margins. We got a really good underlying economic model at Taco Bell, we will never give up that leadership of value in the QSR category, I can assure you that, I know Brian and team are very focused, they what’s going on the market place, but I think we're very confident, we execute our plans given the context of what's occurring that we can still be very competitive in that price range. 
Greg Creed: I think a lot of people are trying to get into the easy delivery business but I think we got a track record of doing it for so many years, we obviously have a system that knows how to deliver, I think what we’ve done is we doubled down we hired 14,000, we'll be hiring 14,000 more drivers as we said to deliver. We have the team operationally focused on making sure that we improve of speed of service, we make the pizzas hot, you can now track it, you got a loyalty program. So even though I think, obviously competition is heating up in this area, I also think we're raising our performance and I think that will keep, continue to keep in competitive in this market place. 
Greg Creed: As we think we said, what I love is we've got this content of repeatable model and it's very clear that when we execute all best practice to repeatable model, it has impact, so the Latin America KFC performance I spoke about was really about implementing the repeatable model, maybe so we had value and then innovation around chicken flavored chicken on the bone.  We’ve also got as we talked about the talk about our Brazilian business now we got 17 restaurants which we've opened in 12 months so that was a market that we were in for that brand in the past so, look I think we just feel confident that by executing the repeatable model and growing our presence with a brand like Taco Bell, we can get more growth out Latin America.
Greg Creed: Okay. So, I'd like to thank everyone for being on the call today. I think we delivered another strong quarter, we are firmly on track to achieve our 2019 transformation goals. I do believe we are focused on the right key growth drivers and now for all of office about execute, execute, execute. So, thank you for being with us. Thank you for supporting us, we look forward to speaking you in the future. Thank you. Bye-bye.
David Gibbs: I think to sort of answer two parts of the question. Look we also love live sports whether it's baseball, college football, NFL. We are not seeing any impact from any of that on our business and continue to obviously promote not just pizza but all of our brands on live sports. And then on Pizza Hut as I said, this is really us putting the foundations in place, the foundations are not always sexy but I think delivering hot reliable pizza is important and I do believe the team is making progress on all the areas in the foundation that will enable us to build longer term a strong Pizza Hut position. 
David Gibbs: Yes, I think one of the ways to look at it as we have over 250 combinations of brands and countries so some of those brands in countries are going to be growing north of 10% and other will be growing less than 7%. Do we need Pizza Hut to get to 7% to get the entire systems to 7% no. As you can see as we've said KFCs has been performing at 7% and actually KFC U.S. is closing store more stores and they are opening right now we know that's going to reverse. So, we've got upside at all three brands and I know we are going to get there in different ways in different countries but in aggregate we've got our eyes focused on the price of 7%.
David Gibbs: Its defiantly a competitive market place, I think we all know that, which I think is even more encouraging with the results we delivered, Taco Bell had a solid quarter as you say plus 3% same stores sales growth, I think what Taco Bell is able to is to balance, being the value leader with an underlying economic model that delivers good industry leading margins. I think that team knows exactly how to ensure the we continue to grow same store sales while obviously protecting the sort of 20% plus margins, I got confidence though base value and innovation we will now continue to do that in the fourth quarter and going forward. 
David Gibbs: Well on the unit front, I guess I point if you look at the number this quarter, we're close to 100 hundred units ahead of our net new unit development phase from last year, that’s a pretty encouraging sign and effective if you look at gross units over 200 units ahead of the pace that we had.  So, I think we feel like, just as we hit plans and the ramp up in unit development is happening slowly but surely and confident particularly internationally in having a lot more upside there and the U.S. off course a big opportunity on unit growth is reversing Pizza Hut U.S. and [AST] the U.S. to being net growing rather than decliners which is well on its way. 
David Gibbs: I think we've talked about this in past occasions but couple of years ago we made a change to organize globally around brands and that change principally benefitted the international [indiscernible] because we've already have been organized that way in the U.S. so I think part of this success we are seeing in building distinctive relevant brands is really what we keep talking about just more focused on the brands and sales dedicated 100% teams to the brands internationally working even closer with our franchise partners.
David Gibbs: The minimal profit dilution in the first part of the year, obviously some of this depends on what kind of stores you're selling, if you're selling to stores with lower margin and you're collecting royalty in some cases, you can see a positive impact from the refranchising. In terms of where these things are going to show up in our P&L obviously you will see our margins going down brand by brand, you will see G&A going down and then franchise and license expense going up, particularly when we refranchise stores that we end up holding on to real estate or remaining on lease obligations, we have to recognize the brands and depreciation to the franchise and license expense line. 
