David Gibbs: Yeah. Thanks, David. I think our thinking hasn't changed, although we learn more, obviously, every week. As I think we said beginning of the year, as we progress through the year, we see sequential improvement every single quarter in same-store sales growth. Obviously, Q4 becomes a much easier lap as we start to lap the Middle East conflict. Q3 is actually a slightly harder lap for Taco Bell, but in general, an easier lap for Yum! And, therefore, we are -- we continue to forecast an improvement quarter-to-quarter in same-store sales growth, tough to forecast. But we know we have all the right levers to pull, and our brands are performing well despite some of these challenges. I mean, KFC International, for example, is up 11% on a two-year basis despite the Middle East impacts. You saw what Taco Bell did in Q2, I think there's a lot of reasons to be optimistic. But as you say, a choppy environment. We know we can get through it this year and then obviously get to much easier laps next year.
David Gibbs: Sure. Obviously, Taco Bell is a lot of really positive results coming in, in Q2, and we feel good about we feel good about Taco Bell for the balance of the year. Why do we feel so good about the brand? First of all, in this environment where the consumer is probably pulling back a little bit, being the always on value brand. Remember, Taco Bell's Cravings Value menu is always on. It's got 10 items. They're unique items that nobody else in the industry has. And they're not like junior-sized versions of a core item. They're unique. They stand in their own right. They're incredibly craveable. That has served us well, and it really put a moat around when it comes to value. In addition, we have onetime offerings like the Luxe Box at a $7 price point, which is an incredible amount of great tasting food for that price. So we have a great way to play value that makes it hard for others to compete. And then when you couple that with things like the Cantina Chicken launch in Q2, which is really a platform that we'll continue to innovate off of as we move forward. You saw in Q3, we just launched the Cantina Chicken Cheesy Street Taco Chalupas that are off to a good start. That's an example of what we can do with that menu. We'll probably rehit Cantina Chicken in Q4. And then you've got all sorts of other great things going on at Taco Bell like speed of service, improving loyalty program launches. So hopefully, again in the sense of confidence we have in Taco Bell as we move forward. And in this environment, I think we're really seeing Taco Bell stand out from the crowd, outperforming the QSR industry by a wide margin.
David Gibbs: Yeah. Thanks, Dennis. The development picture is really one that is strongly encouraging. When you think about the impact of the conflict on sales in particular markets, we are still seeing quite widespread growth all around the world. I think I mentioned in my remarks, about two-thirds of our brand country combinations over the last 12 months have built a store. There's a lot of countries that are quite small that don't even have an opportunity to build a small store. So that is impressive right there that it's widespread. As we mentioned, our ability to open gross units looks like going to be very similar to what we did in 2022 and 2023. Now we would like that number to go up every year. So there's probably some small impact from the Middle East that's showing up in that gross unit line. And potential for some, as Chris mentioned in his remarks, potential for some additional closures, perhaps greater than normal the second half of the year. But any stores that would close, particularly in the Middle East markets would have been lower volume stores that people are just pruning their portfolio. We expect the full year impact from development in terms of the ability to drive additional system sales to be very similar this year to last year. So the development story is good. Why is that? Because I think the franchisees have a lot of long-term confidence in the strength of our brands and their businesses around the world and they're getting good paybacks. We meticulously track the paybacks in every market around the country to make sure that our franchisees are getting good returns on their investments.
David Gibbs: Look, I think in general, we've highlighted, obviously, the Middle East markets have been impacted in addition to Indonesia and Malaysia in terms of significant markets for us. Beyond that, we're not going to -- first of all, it's very hard to pull out the impact because it can be trade area trade area by in a given market. But you can imagine the types of markets that would be further impacted. And it's not -- but it's not a precise science. We just know them from the stories that we're hearing from the field some of the data that we see trade area by trade area in markets that the impact is a little bit broader than just the Middle East and Indonesia and Malaysia, but very hard to measure. I think the important thing is, despite all that, I mentioned it at the start -- the Q&A, we've seen 11% two-year same-store sales growth for KFC around the world. If we back out and just take a look at some of the markets where we know there's very little impact from the Middle East, we're seeing mid-single-digit growth for KFC. And then places like LA&C, which really are a clean read on our business ex-Middle East, no impact at all, we're seeing -- they put the second -- KFC put up a second consecutive quarter of plus 13% same-store sales growth that's on top of 10% last year. So it's 23% same-store sales growth in Latin America for KFC. You can tell that the foundation of our business is really quite strong. And we're getting through this headwind from the Middle East really as best as could be imagined.
David Gibbs: Well, thank you, everyone, for your time today. I appreciate all the questions. Obviously, we're proud of the results we put up this quarter despite headwinds but we're even more proud and excited about the future as we go into the second half of this year and into 2025. Inflation is moderating, margins are getting stronger, our brands are getting stronger in this environment, Taco Bell putting up really good numbers. The work that we're doing behind the scenes to reinvent how we run the business, to reallocate G&A, to really lean in on our digital leadership and our investments in the AI, the laps are getting easier. We talk about our twin growth engines and how they performed this quarter. But also this quarter, I spent some time with our international Taco Bell franchisees at Taco Con, where we get everybody together from around the world to talk -- compare marketing calendars and the excitement at that convention about the future of Taco Bell was incredibly strong, the quality of the partners that we have for that brand, and although we're not calling that one of the growth -- the twin growth engine today, it's clear that the future for Taco Bell International is quite bright and another reason to be excited about the future. So a quarter that I think demonstrated the resilience of our business model and the strength of our brands and excitement about the future as we go into Q3. Thank you, everybody, for your time.
Chris Turner: Yeah. Thanks, Jon. Look, I think what you're seeing happen this year is the plan that our management team has been driving is playing out as expected. If I were to kind of sum up what we're doing, we're reallocating and streamlining our G&A to drive faster and more efficient growth for Yum! and for our franchisees. And there's a few buckets of levers that are driving that. Of course, we've said that there are some one-time benefits this year on a net basis with the full year. The second, digital and technology is an important area here. So we talked about that this year, we're starting to bend the curve. And what we mean by that is, over the past few years, we invested ahead on behalf of our franchisees, which burdened the P&L a bit. But as we get more and more adoption of our platforms and we have fee income from that, it reduces that burden. We also acquired four companies, hired a lot of people in the last several years. Those capabilities are maturing. And as we mature, we find ways to operate more effectively internally to organize better, and that allows us to get more done at lower cost, which benefits Yum! and our franchisees. And we've got strong governance of tech spend in place. I think the third area is productivity in other parts of the business. We've been driving this resource optimization program. We're finding ways to operate more effectively in parts outside of D&T. Now in some cases, that's enabled by becoming a more digital company. And then finally, as we said in the remarks, our GMs are doing a really good job driving their plans as they see how the business is on pulling around the globe. So those are factors that are driving the G&A trends this year. Now it's important to note that we are reinvesting at the same time. We're putting investments into AI. We mentioned on the last call, 40-plus AI projects in motion. We're investing in areas like our marketing capabilities, supply chain and then culture and talent. So at the same time, we're driving the long-term health of the business. If you look to 2025 and beyond, we're going to continue to get leverage on the G&A line. You set aside year-over-year factors like changes in incentive comp, we expect to get good leverage on the G&A line, and I think you'll see a normal growth rate in terms of G&A for an asset like a company ours.
Chris Turner: Yeah, Brian, as we said on the call, we remain confident in delivering at least 8%. Of course, as you mentioned, it's a complex operating environment. There are lots of unknown still yet to unfold in the back part of the year. But as David said, we do have sequential improvement in the forecast quarter-to-quarter from a sales standpoint. And as we said, we expect full year G&A to be balanced. We're going into the back half of the year with a good starting point here at the midpoint. And it's our job to deliver as much profit growth as possible, while still investing in the long-term health of the business. And so that's what our management teams are focused on doing, driving the short-term and the long-term simultaneously.
Chris Turner: Yeah. Thanks, Danilo. Look, I think the Taco Bell margin story is very impressive in the context of a value-oriented environment. The Taco Bell business is serving consumers, creating buzz in the market, bringing great innovation to bear and delivering value when consumers need it. And yet you're seeing us maintain these industry-leading margins. That comes from leveraging our scale on our food purchases and our franchisees take advantage of that scale. And I think in the long run, you'll see us continue to be more and more productive in terms of how we operate the restaurants. As we become more and more digital, 35% digital mix, you heard us talk about Voice AI, which is accelerating at a faster pace than we expected just three months ago. And that is just one more example of a digital lever that allows us to provide a great a great customer experience, team member experience and be more productive in back of house. Lots of other things happening on that front, I think it sets up well for us to continue to be able to provide strong value to consumers and great margins for -- for our franchisees and our company stores going forward.
