Chris Turner: Yes. Thanks, David. I think we view all of our brands as having strong momentum coming out of 2021. Our long-term growth algorithm is just that, it is our long-term algorithm and we feel confident in delivering it in 2022 and beyond. You do have lots of puts and takes around the globe in terms of lapse, in terms of where Omicron is in any of our given markets but we feel good about the momentum that each of our brands have. And so we're always going to strive to deliver the algorithm and find ways to beat it. And so that's going to be our aspiration but the long-term algorithm sort of defines the plan.
Chris Turner: Yes. So when we think about how same-store sales and net new units add up to overall system sales growth, on that net new unit number, there are always going to be some factors like timing of when the stores open within the quarter, where we see stronger sales in -- or stronger growth in markets that may have slightly different AUVs than the overall average. But that's what's driving that difference. But overall, as we say in the algorithm, 2% to 3% same-store sales growth, 4% to 5% net new unit growth translating to mid- to high system sales growth is how we think about it.
Chris Turner: Yes. So first, if I take the drivers of the $22 billion in digital sales, it's been broad-based. We've seen strength across all of our brands and we're seeing strength across all of the channels. So delivery has continued to grow. Carryout has grown over the two years where people are using click and collect. And of course, as people have come back to the dining rooms, we've seen growth in the kiosk business which has rebounded at Taco Bell, for example. So we're seeing strong growth across all of those channels. And of course, on a brand-by-brand basis, you've got real strength in each one. KFC, if you go ex-China, was up 46%. Taco Bell in the U.S. is approaching 20%, Taco Bell International with a 40% mix. And of course, Pizza Hut is sustaining their strength on digital. So it's just a really great story. Clearly, those strong digital numbers come as a result of the investments we've been making and our strategy around digital because we knew this was the future of the industry. As we've said before, COVID accelerated those trends and we're glad that we were in a great position to be able to capitalize on it. But whenever you nearly double your digital sales in two years, I think that's evidence that those investments are paying off. And of course, our franchisees are co-investing with us to help make that happen but they're doing that because they're seeing strong returns from those investments in their business as well. So, I think overall story is we're getting a strong return and we're very pleased with the digital results and we're going to continue to drive that.
Chris Turner: Yes. Great questions, John, on the labor front. As David mentioned earlier, it's obviously been a challenging environment but kudos to our teams, our franchisees for navigating through that. And I'm thankful that we have such a strong culture that goes from top to bottom, to our stores in Yum! that our franchisees help bring to life. So if we think about your specific question on how it impacted our sales in Q4 and coming into Q1, first, it's important to put this in context, that these labor challenges are most pronounced in the U.S. And of course, the U.S. is 40% of our business. There are a couple of markets, say the U.K., Australia, that are also experiencing some pressures but they are most pronounced in the U.S. So our global footprint provides us a natural advantage in this type of environment. But obviously, let's dig into the U.S. where we know those challenges have been tough. We did see some constriction of hours across the brands in Q4 as our franchisees dealt with the Omicron impact on staffing availability. The nature of that impact varied from brand to brand. For example, in Pizza Hut, you saw it really constrained delivery hours because of the challenges in staffing those driver positions. I think it's been well documented that's a challenge for the pizza category and we've seen other folks talk about that challenge. But that's an area where it was particularly pronounced, particularly coming into early January. I think the good news is we believe, as David said, that we're past the peak probably two or three weeks ago and things, we've been talking to our COOs yesterday, have gotten significantly better in the last couple of weeks. All of that has had a small but real impact on sales but again, trend coming out of that's much better. I will say that in terms of dealing with it, our franchisees have been focused on all of the levers that you would expect but we think the one that differentiates us is the culture that we have in the restaurants that causes our team members to want to stay. Second part of your question around efficiencies. I think the Taco Bell example of how we've driven more volume through the drive-thrus while reducing service times is the best example of how we're bringing efficiency to life in the restaurants. We are doing a number of things on the technology front, whether it's Dragontail, other systems. We have an innovation team that is in place. And of course, our core ops process teams are always improving processes in the restaurants. So things are in motion; there are things that have been implemented. And in the long run, we think there's a lot more to come.
David Gibbs: Yes. Thanks for the question, Dennis. Obviously, this is a challenging environment to operate in, in our industry. That's been well documented. Q4 was more of the same of that and that extended into the early part of this year. As far as Omicron goes in the U.S. specifically, it does feel like we're moving to a better place. I was just on the phone with our chief operating officers yesterday, comparing notes across brands and there were some really similar themes of we're past the peak impact of Omicron, applications for team members are starting to come back up. So we think that the challenges and the impact on our restaurant hours may start to slowly abate over time. As far as the global picture, what we're seeing internationally is through most of the COVID pandemic, we had, had a more severe impact in our emerging markets. They were less well equipped to deal with the challenges of COVID. That's starting to change a little bit and we're starting to see the gap between the developed markets and emerging markets narrow. As you know, Yum! has outsized exposure to emerging markets. So even though we put up some amazing numbers over the last two years through this, we've been held back by those emerging markets. As that gap starts to narrow, we can see that there can be some strength in emerging markets to help strengthen our overall sales picture internationally, where, of course, 2/3 of our restaurants reside. But it's always a challenge to predict and forecast in this environment. We've all learned that over the next two years. But quite optimistic right now that both internationally and domestically, the business is heading to a better place.
David Gibbs: Glad you talked about the new unit development, David. For me, it's an amazing accomplishment at Yum!. In my 32 years in this business, I've never seen anything like it obviously. The growth rates are industry records, Yum! records. It was widespread. It's across all brands. It's occurring in the vast majority of our countries which is really encouraging. And the question about where do we see softness going forward, it's a great question. I can tell you that there's no countries that we're worried about pulling back on development. We see all of our countries that are developing today being able to continue to develop at the pace that they're at and even accelerate. India is one I would highlight. We opened 335 units in the country of India on the strength of some development agreements with really great partners across all of our brands. Obviously, there's a huge opportunity for Yum! in India and one that should be accelerating. But even in the U.S., we're starting to see the momentum develop in our Pizza Hut and KFC businesses, who historically haven't been contributing net new unit growth. We're optimistic about that. And Taco Bell U.S. is back to developing at a really fast pace like in the early days of Taco Bell and we see that accelerate. But Taco Bell International is probably one of the most exciting stories we have right now. We've talked about it a lot and you're seeing over 160 net new units built on a base of 600 entering the year. That's a 26% growth. That's pretty impressive and we see that accelerating. Spain, for example, passed 100 units on the ground. We know when you get to that 100-unit tipping point, you see an acceleration but we have other markets poised to do the same.
David Gibbs: Yes. As far as KFC International, obviously, that's a really positive story for us and more than most, benefits from that turnaround in some of our emerging markets. You saw markets like India put up some really incredible numbers as they've recovered from COVID. And that also gives us confidence that some of these markets, as we get more on the other side of COVID, are going to really start to take off. Look, this idea of forecasting specific countries and how they're going to do, I think the benefit of Yum!'s model is how diverse we are across brands, across countries all around the world. We're not reliant on any one country. I'm glad you pointed out that even with softness in China, that we can put up numbers like we did this quarter. And we think that's the exciting part of the business as we head into 2022. We've got this diverse business model that is stronger than ever. We've been through over the last two years some amazing challenges. But all they've done is really proven that our business is resilient, that our talent is the best in the industry and that our business model is one that franchisees want to invest behind in a huge way. You saw that in the numbers this quarter on net new units. That gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to maintain top line momentum and profit strength as we go forward and truly, the team is incredibly excited about the future. Thank you all for your time today on the call and look forward to talking to you on the -- and sharing Q1 results.
