Richard Carucci: I would just add regarding your question around the tiered cities, is that, we had strong growth across the board. It was especially strong in the smaller tiered cities which outperformed the Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities, but we were pleased with the performance everywhere. And to build on David's point about snacking and breakfast, I mentioned in my speech, we felt we had some good value initiatives there, which we will continue throughout the rest of the year.
Richard Carucci: Just to build on David's point, with the Pizza Hut brand, those who recall, a couple of years ago, we were struggling a little bit with our second units in Tier 3 cities. And now, the good news is those are performing better. And in fact, our early Pizza Hut performance in Tier 4 cities is also strong. So we do think we have a bigger opportunity to grow units in Pizza Hut than we had historically.
Richard Carucci: I would say versus our typical model year, we have smaller same-store sales growth and less inflation. This year, we expect to have more inflation and more same-store sales growth than our typical model. Our typical model is about 4% to 6% rate of same-store sales. I do expect this year it'll be more than that, but we need it because of the inflation.
Richard Carucci: Well, obviously, we're looking at ways to improve our cost structure. As David said, they are very good operating team and they are always focused on how they could get more and more efficient on the -- as a reminder, too, it's one place where we do own our distribution system. So it does allow us to manage costs more directly in that area versus other folks. But as I said, I've said a little bit in my speech and I've said before, we do not fear this high-growth, high-inflation scenario. We actually don't fear that because we think we have more leverage to pull in managing inflation than the typical companies out there. As David mentioned, we have 24-hour, the breakfast, et cetera. We also have a national reach, so we can have a slightly different strategies in different parts of the country. We have been planning, and I think we're going to continue to plan that labor inflation is going to be there for a while. I'm personally less sure the commodity inflation will be there forever. Supply and demand tends to work, I think there's still a lot more productivity in the supply chain in general in China and its suppliers can get more productive. So clearly, we're going through an inflation bout now. We could handle it if it's ongoing. I'm just not sure if it's going to be ongoing.
Richard Carucci: Yes, probably in most areas. But in terms of year-over-year profit growth, even though you saw the first quarter was weak, we expect the second quarter to be worse. As I sort of mentioned, we're more dependent on Taco Bell than we've been historically. The sales trends, although we're lapping a little bit harder numbers in the second quarter, I did mention that since the end of the quarter, our year-over-year trends have actually gone a little bit worse than what you saw in the balance of the first quarter. So based on that, that's going to impact our profitability in the second quarter, and KFC had a decent second quarter last year. And so therefore, our U.S. business clearly we believe we'll have even lower profitability than it did in the first quarter year-over-year.
Richard Carucci: Yes. I mean, clearly, that's another factor. But It's very clear, if you look at the sales trends, it was very clear that the cause of it was the publicity around the lawsuit. This is an example, we were running set plus 4% in the first 4 weeks of the year. The next week was down a little bit from that because of the weather, but we clearly saw that in areas that the weather wasn't bad, our sales were very strong. So it's only in areas where the weather was bad. And then, since then, it's been down. But probably the 1 thing that was a little bit of bad luck in the process is that we were running shrimp during Lent. And we think that was the right program at that time, but we had also committed to buying the shrimp during that period of time. And we were planning on that being a big driver. That turned out not being the case. We probably would have been better off if we had, had a lower price promotion at that point in time. But other than that, I don't see anything that we really could have done differently. Going forward, as David said, we're looking at all of the options. And I think we have a decent calendar, and I think some of the stuff just takes time. So we just need a little bit of time to get further away from the event. And the publicity piece of it is the leveraged on the front end, we'll see how -- whether that has an impact or not. That lawsuit was just dropped a day or 2 ago, so it's too early to tell whether that will have an immediate impact on our sales.
Richard Carucci: Well as a reminder, for everybody in what we've done so far, we took roughly about a 3% price increase at the end of January. And at that point in time, we thought it was going to cover about 3/4 of the inflation for the year. To your point, given that inflation has gone up, it's probably went more like 60% to 65% of the inflation for the year. So we we'll have to assess everything later in the year. We're not planning on doing anything in the next several months. We like what we've seen from the sales and transaction perspective, and we think we've got the overall profitability and value equation pretty good right now. But we'll assess later in the year and look what our options are then.
Richard Carucci: We'll, we were probably late on our last price increase relative to other people, so we didn't feel any resistance when we took our last pricing increase. Obviously, there's been some feedback that other companies have gotten from the government, and that's something we'll keep an eye on.
Richard Carucci: I don't know how to answer that. Yes, I don't know if I have anything better. I think it was a bit of both. Clearly, I think we had some very good initiatives. I think we benefit from having a national presence because the growth as I mentioned before, was a bit better in the outer tier, so I think that probably helped our relative performance. I think it was -- been of both [ph]. Clearly, as we started to talk about it, we're fairly focused on the same-store sales. But when we look at China, we also look at system sales because again, we're very heavily development dependent and focused because we want to keep building our business there. So when you look at those 2 combined and you have 24% systems sales, clearly, that's more than the category and I've mentioned that our development numbers were very strong in the first quarter. So we'll continue to build on our more than 2,000 lead versus McDonald's.
Richard Carucci: If you look at the exposure this year, I think at this point, it's pretty modest versus our estimates. So it could probably go up a point or 2. I would think pretty at the most because we're starting to get more and more locked in obviously, as we're getting deeper into the year. The bigger issue is what happens to the trends going forward because that's really going to influence what our pricing is. It's not necessarily going to cover what occurred this year, but are those prices going to continue going forward. We don't have a lot of visibility to that right now. Clearly, in this you environment when you have the inflation, in the U.S. I'm talking about now, when you have inflation and your sales are soft, you have to play it pretty smartly and the teams are pretty good in doing that. Taco Bell historically has done a good of introducing newer products with higher price points, maybe higher $0.01 profit while still having great value initiatives. And they'll have to continue to do things like that at Taco Bell and love to do that in the other brands. So we'll probably take some modest pricing increases but, we'll have to still provide value at the same time.
Richard Carucci: Yes. I mean, I mentioned before and if you look at the math in China, if you take the inflation that we talked about in the commodities side and take the inflation we've talked about before on the labor side, that gives you about 4.5% or so inflation, and we've taken 3% pricing. So that's pretty much what the gap is right now.
Richard Carucci: Yes, regarding the second piece first, John. It was pretty consistent during the quarter. So we didn't have either a fantastic Chinese New Year. We just -- after, before. It was pretty much constant throughout. So we were pleased with that part of it. We probably picked up a modest amount of extra growth because of further penetration of the KFC delivery 24 hours and the performance of breakfast. So breakfast segment performed very strongly during the quarter. But most of the increase versus what you would've seen before is really just overall business performing better.
Richard Carucci: This year, we could use it as that. We haven't committed to it but our plan at this point, although we're not yet prepared to sort of decide on exactly what that will be, but our plan is that we are going to re-invest it.
Richard Carucci: Well, obviously, we make the best judgment that we think is best for overall. In terms of the elasticity, when we've taken pricing historically, and it's been inflation driven and the economy has grown, it's been handled pretty well. We do want to remind people that the Chinese customer has definitely recovered from where they were. But the Chinese consumer is still a little bit nervous. If you look at the consumer confidence level, that's 1 of the measures we look at, over the last 4 months, that measure has been a pretty weak measure. So the Chinese, we think it's driven by nervousness around housing cost, et cetera. So we do think we have to be sensitive right now that the Chinese consumer, as David also said strategically, we want to make sure that we're affordable. So I don't want people to think that the Chinese consumer is not sensitive right now to value, because we think they are.
Richard Carucci: Again, just a reminder, our historical development numbers ended the 500 range in the last couple of years. If you look at real estate in general, we are seeing fairly large increases in rent as they become due especially in tier, especially Tier 1 cities. So in those situations, we have done more relocations and things like that because it is harder to justify the new rent that you end up paying. In the rest of the countries, rents have gone up, but not nearly to the extent that they have in some of the Tier 1 cities. In terms of access to real estate, the things that have driven historical development we think are going to continue to drive future development. And you're continuing to see huge investments in infrastructure. We saw something like something like 40 airports being opened in China. So things like that continue to occur. So we haven't seen any let up in any infrastructure investment or investment in new cities that the Chinese government has been making. And so we still see people moving from the countryside into the city. So with that, you do get you new opportunities. So what we said historically, I think it's true going forward, it's really tied to the economic growth of the countries. If the economic growth in countries we think in the units will be there.
Richard Carucci: Just the way -- P&L works this year for Pizza Hut in the U.S. We were expecting about flat-type of year-end profits. As we both said [ph] some modest sales growth would offset the impact of refranchising. Obviously, we didn't have that sales growth that we wanted in the first quarter, but we also did see any boom splat [ph].
Richard Carucci: Well again, 1 of the things that makes KFC a little more challenging than the other brands is 1, is we started later, which we've talked about before for various reasons. The second is the existing franchisees, and we knew this going into it, having less capacity to handle more units. So some of the units, the majority of the units that we're actually selling on the KFC side are to external new franchisees, which takes a little bit longer to get financing, et cetera. Obviously, we were going through the screen of making sure that they will be good at operating the restaurants.
Richard Carucci: Yes. What we said is our target is ultimately get to 5%. So we probably won't get to that target by the end of this year, but we'll get there eventually.
Richard Carucci: Yes. We're not really seeing anything on the second part of the maturity curve side. On cannibalization, so far nothing really major different there. If anything, as the percentage of new builds gets lower, we get maybe slightly better on the cannibalization front just from a map standpoint. We continue to operate new cities. Of the number of new cities we'll go into stay relatively constant. So as a percentage that's going down a little bit which works in the other direction. So I would say cannibalization, if I had to put those 2 together, maybe slightly better than what it's been historically.
Richard Carucci: Yes, first of all, I'd be honest. As David said, I was surprised by the magnitude of the impact, considering it wasn't a real event. So if I look at that, I was very reluctant to look at past events because I thought this was very different. And I still think it's different. I think it's a different 1, because it's not real. It's also different because on the negative side because social different media is different today than it was historically. So I'll be honest, I don't have a good read for how this is going to play out, but I think studying in depth what happened -- we sort of look at that, I don't think the circumstances are the same.
Richard Carucci: Well, I would say the difficulty versus going into the year is it's harder. Obviously, China sales and profits in the first quarter were in the right direction. But clearly, the U.S. impact we had was the wrong direction. So I put those 2 together and put into together that we expect a relatively weaker second quarter than what we normally do. Then it's a little harder than it normally is.
David Novak: Yes, I guess 550 restaurants is not that much expansion. I think we're pretty happy with our rate of development. We're not making any announcement that we're going to accelerate any further than that. But we continue to build people capability. The great thing is that our unit economics continue to be fantastic, not only KFC but even more so now with Pizza Hut because that brand has been dramatically turned around and through the additional variety that we've offered in the casual dining format and the everyday value proposition. So I think in total last year, we did I think 507 restaurants. We're basically in that camp this year. We have great unit economics, and we'll continue to grow as the opportunities present themselves.
David Novak: I think, David, the value proposition for KFC, Pizza Hut, our brands, is always going to be paramount. Because what we want to do is make our brands as affordable and ubiquitous for all Chinese customers as that economy continues to bring in more and more users to our brands and just more and more consumers to the countries. So value is something that will be ongoing and something that we will always make a major priority. I think the big thing that we've unlocked is the power of the asset that we have, through the development of breakfast, home delivery and 24-hour service. And this is driving the vast majority of our growth that we have. And as I mentioned earlier, we're really on the ground floor of each of those segments. And so I think the combination of the value plus the asset leverage puts us in a very good shape to continue to drive same-store sales and traffic over the long term. Now obviously, the kind of traffic growth we had this quarter is amazing. And so, we're not saying that's going to happen. But we definitely believe that the China model, the China growth model as it relates to Yum! is in great for years to come.
David Novak: Yes. Well, thank you for your comments, David. It's just been an absolute outrage frankly. For now, what we're doing is we're focused on just running great restaurants, serving great products and just reassuring our customers about the quality and integrity at Taco Bell. Unfortunately for the lawyers, they picked the wrong corporate pocket, okay? And I'm really proud of Greg Creed and the Taco Bell team for standing up to this ridiculous case. Clearly, this was a case where we were sued first and asked later. They made false statements about our products. We provided them and the court with statements from our suppliers and our labs, and they dropped the case, which is extremely rare and is proof positive that we are in the right here. There were no charges, no money, no releases, they just dropped the case. So we got -- the story is now getting out, and we think that is good news. In terms of our marketing strategy, we're looking at a number of different ways to really lift the brand up from this unfortunate situation that was caused by the law firm. And we have a good calendar, a strong calendar. And what we're going to do is we're going to get back, focused on executing that calendar and listening and responding to the voice of the customer. We're looking at all of our options right now on how to deal with the situation. But the great news is that, as you know, Taco Bell is a great QSR brand with no significant national competitor. And we're going to get back to just doing what we do best, and that's selling our food and giving customers great service. And so, we're optimistic that we will be able to get the business turned around, but we've got some work to do. As I mentioned earlier, the heavy user is very loyal to us and is basically, stuck with us to a good extent. But we've lost our light user base, and that's reduced our overall reach. We got a -- hopefully the dismissal of the suit is the first step of us beginning to get our entire franchise back where it ought to be.
David Novak: Yes, I think what happened to us, as you know, is that the plaintiffs lawyers originally generated a ton of press coverage, giving press interviews and press releases and containing statements about our products that were just absolutely plain wrong and statements far beyond what they even included in their lawsuit. And unfortunately, the press gives far more coverage to the filing of the suits and the making of the claims than it ever gives that the fact that the lawyers have now given up. So while we dismissed the suit in terms of the ledger, or the communication it's going to be hard to get even. Okay? And so I think it's going to take us a little time. There's no question, in our industry, having high gas prices is not great. So I think all of us are working hard on making sure our value equation is right. But the basic Taco Bell brand is strong. And you can do -- it is so clear that as soon as that lawsuit hit, our sales took a dip. I mean it's absolutely correlated and then we track our users and our purchase frequency and intent to purchase throughout this process and during the Lent and the shrimps promotion, it was down. And it had nothing to do with the shrimp, it had everything to do with that damned lawsuit. And so that, to me, is what we're dealing with right now and we got a great team working on it and we'll get back. We are the value leader, and that's an important thing to be when gas prices are close to $4 so that's a big plus for us. And so, teams are working on how to dimensionalize that value as we go forward. So we like where we're at. We just been kind of put in the basement for a while. And now, we can get our head up and move forward. But the good news on this, I think it really has allowed us to tell everybody in the world that you're proud of our products, and we are.
David Novak: I think the biggest pressure we feel, Joe, is just the pressure to make sure that we're affordable to the emerging consumer. And that's why we like our equation right now, is that we're looking for ways to make our products and our brands more and more accessible. One of the reasons why Pizza Hut is doing so well is that it's eat like a rich man, eat like a poor man. We advertise it that way. We got something for the everyday consumer. To go into KFC and get a and we've got RMB 6 breakfast that I'm telling you is absolutely delicious and filling, that's great. That's where we want to go. I mean, If we can figure out how to take our prices lower, okay, especially with the kind of margins we have, that's where we want to be. And we want to make sure that our products are affordable as possible. We like our position and we like the formula that we have right now.
David Novak: I think it's, If you look at the numbers, it's more of the weakness that we have in the developed markets versus the emerging markets. Our emerging markets story is extremely positive, and that's the real growth engine for our company. We've been soft and a little of both on the brand side and we 2 developed equity markets that are taking a little bit of the -- putting the damper on our performance. KFC Australia has been underperforming as has Pizza Hut U.K. And those are the 2 markets. In the second half of the year, we expect to -- we've got a relaunch of the Pizza Hut brand and the value proposition in the U.K. And in Australia, we have some very good sandwich-type news that we're hopeful is going to be able to turn the business around. Because there, we have a very strong portable business and we've got news that we think that will lift the brand up. So it's -- our emerging story is strong, our developed markets particularly with the 2 countries I talked about right now are the issue that we're dealing with.
David Novak: We'll just choose -- this quarter, just to say, it's all our doing. I mean, the beautiful thing about this and the reason we obviously, were excited about China is hey, the macros longer-term are better there than in other parts of the world. And so, it's nice to have that as a headwind. And that to me -- we just hope that keeps me on going. The more that economy's booming, the more consumers are buying our products, we're in the right place at the right time. Sometimes, I say is you're better to be lucky than good. In this case, hopefully, we're good and lucky.
David Novak: We just paid off the $650 million of bonds that were due in April. So right after the end of the quarter, Mitch.
David Novak: Yes, I mentioned it was basically 4x driven. So that's the other side of the favorable aspect of foreign currency. You do get hit a little bit in G&A. So that was basically the reason. You get the favorable impact from Mexico and the rest of the business, they reinvested some of the proceeds, but the base business was basically flat. There was a little bit of increase due to FX.
David Novak: We actually believe that we can have a stable year at Pizza Hut. So we're confident in the direction, our value proposition is good. And in the past, we admittedly, we had some boom splat [ph]. We don't think we'll have a boom splat [ph] this year.
David Novak: I think one of the big thing that's changing versus the past is we have continuity in terms of every the value. In the past, we have kind of moved around a lot in that arena. But the systems committed to everyday value. So that gives us a base that we never really had before. We also have a good combination of innovation and value so you'll see some new pizzas coming to the customers. And the other thing is we continue to build our early week business with the pasta and the wings. So we think we have a good solid approach on Pizza Hut that gives us the stability we need to continue to build a healthy business.
David Novak: Yes, the circumstances aren't the same but the issue is consumers don't have to come. They can go to a lot of different places. So if you look at what's happened, our heavy user, they're extremely loyal. They love us, no issue. We've basically been able to basically keep our heavy user. But lighter users, they go to a lot of different places, they're heavy-user places. And so, that's the issue that you deal with and that's why, this bogus lawsuit was such an unfair thing to happen to Taco Bell. And our franchisees have been impacted by this significantly as have we. And so that's what we're dealing with and like I said earlier, we want to get out of the basement, out of the ditch and move forward. But we just don't know how long it's going to take us.
David Novak: Better not. We're moving forward. We've got a great vision for Taco Bell. It's what we've talked about in the past, it's 70% of our U.S. profits. It's the second most profitable brand in the United States. We only have 5,000 units. We think we can have 8,000. We know we are long ways from that and we got to demonstrate that. We definitely believe we'll be in the Breakfast business. We definitely are in the process of remodeling, and we are very bullish on this business over the long term. We got the #1 value franchise in the business, outstanding food. And we got a cache even in spite of all this that will come back. I mean, and you go to the cocktail party and kids love Taco Bell. I mean, it's a talked about brand. And so we're extremely excited about the long-term. In this business, sometimes, you get hit with some things that you just don't anticipate. But you're absolutely right, we bounced back or whoever said that. When you've got great brands, they bounce back. There is a great history of that in our country and in the world. And if you're a great brand, you might have your hiccups but you'll come back. And this will -- we'll be waving the flag and charging the hill. But the team is focused on right now, obviously handing the short-term issue. It's unfortunate when you got to waste a bunch of your time dealing with lawyers when you should be focused 1,000% on the customer. We've had to do that. There's no question about it. But that's just a few people doing that. The real Taco Bell army is out there operating restaurants and doing the marketing. So we'll get there. And so, anyway.
David Novak: Yes. The food cost, that is more of an impact of refranchising, just the shift in the businesses and there was -- it's just the difference in timing of inflation versus pricing put the lag on that.
David Novak: Okay. All right. Well, thank you all for being on the call. Let me just briefly wrap it up. Our China business is stronger than ever, and with 15% transaction growth this past quarter, we're well positioned for sustained growth ahead. Yum! Restaurants International had a solid quarter, and we expect strong performance for the balance of the year. Our U.S. business is indeed facing a challenging year, and we expect the second quarter to be our toughest and profits to dramatically improve in the second half of the year, however. Overall, we look for continued strength of our China YRI businesses to overcome a challenging year in the United States. We remain confident that 2011 will be the 10th consecutive year we achieved our annual target of at least 10% earnings per share growth. So thank you very much.
