David Gibbs: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Dennis. Just as far as the consumer, I would say that the U.S. demand is generally strong. But this is a really complex environment. I know a lot of people talked about the K-shaped recovery and bifurcated with higher income consumers in better shape than lower income. I think that's true but I think that's probably a little bit of an oversimplification. I don't know in my career if we've seen a more complex environment to analyze consumer behavior than what we're dealing with right now. From an economic standpoint, you've got inflation, rising wages. You've got the funkiness of the stimulus lap -- that we're lapping from last year. But you've also got all these societal issues, like mobility coming out of COVID, consumer reaction to war in Eastern Europe, working from home, changing consumer patterns. All of this makes for a pretty complex environment to figure out how to analyze it and market to consumers. And that's a great part about Yum!. We've got the scale and the talent to do that better than we think anybody else in the industry and navigate that complexity with our internal divisions like Collider, which is an expert on consumer behavior; Kvantum helping us figure out how to navigate the immediate landscape to market to those consumers; and all of our marketing and talent -- marketing talented leaders in the U.S. and around the world. So complex environment, but as usual, convenience and value matters in this environment. And we believe we're leaders across our brands in that regard. You're seeing that result really in all the brands in Q1 in the U.S. The challenge obviously at Pizza Hut was less of sales performance, it's simply just due to demand -- the demand is there but simply due to our ability to meet that demand with drivers. This has been documented by others. But generally, as you mentioned, resiliency is a key feature of our brands. And going forward, we actually feel really good about our ability to navigate this environment and continue to prosper.
David Gibbs: Thanks, Jon. I'll take the first question. Chris will comment on Pizza Hut. As far as unit development, obviously, we're very proud of the progress that we've made. And yes, we have actually introduced some new incentives company-wide around development. We thought it was important to just unite ourselves and our franchise partners to take advantage of, frankly, an environment that's really favorable to us. Our brands have gotten stronger over the last two years in general. Our business model is stronger. And there are really great opportunities to expand our footprint in a lot of economies around the world where there have been some discounts to available real estate. And you're seeing all of that come together through the use of incentives with our team and with - in some cases, in franchise markets. And that's all leading to an increase in the pace of development that we're proud of. And as Chris mentioned, we have visibility into the pipeline and believe it will continue.
David Gibbs: Yes. Thanks for the question, John. Obviously, the -- on the ticket, I think the biggest driver of the ticket increase over the last few years has actually been party size rather than premiumization, although they're both drivers. So as we see mobility return, individual meals return, that could bring down ticket without necessarily implying consumers are trying to cut back on cost per eater. But as far as the consumer and how's their behavior in this environment, some of the other things to think about are the fast casual category has grown a lot. We expect that if there's cutting back, that there'll be some trade down from fast casual back into QSR which will be favorable for us, particularly Taco Bell which I think is well positioned to capture some of those visits. But it all comes back to this theme of the QSR industry is built on convenience and value. Convenience and value win in any environment, particularly when you couple it with our great brands and innovative products that we're constantly introducing. And you saw Taco Bell's performance in Q1 in the U.S., plus 5%, one of the better numbers for the major QSR chains. And then you saw the growth that we're getting in Taco Bell internationally. So, I think we feel like we've got momentum and this environment is not going to get us off of it but we're going to have to do what we always do which is continue to pivot and evolve our offerings to meet consumers' needs. Talk about a great example, 70% of our U.S. profit, they've been leaning in on the Cravings Value Menu which is $1 and $2 price points. And that's working to meet the needs of consumers with less money to spend. But at the same time, they've been able to take price across the rest of the menu on their combos and more premium offerings and that's working as well.
David Gibbs: Yes. No, surprisingly, our business in Europe and you can see it from the numbers, is doing quite well. So we're not seeing -- to the point of your question, we're not seeing an impact on adjacent businesses. We're seeing the prevailing factor there is just sort of return to mobility in Europe and the recovery of our businesses that were suffering more at this time last year.
David Gibbs: So thank you, everybody. I appreciate your time. Just to wrap up, it was another strong quarter obviously with good top line sales growth, all brands growing. The development numbers, obviously, we continue to set records which we're very proud of. And that's widespread, right? All of our brands grew at least 5% on a net new unit basis in the quarter. Another digital sales record which we keep saying on every call and we just keep on delivering on. And then this time, we passed that important milestone of 40% digital mix. And I just think, in total, the quarter represents our brands all around the world are healthy and can perform in any environment. This is certainly one of the most challenging ones we've ever had to deal with, proving the resiliency of our business model. Thank you for your time.
Chris Turner: Yes. Thanks, John. On the profit side, we feel really good with the profit plan for the year. We laid out the shape on our last call. We said the first half was going to be roughly flat. Of course, we now have a Russia impact. I think, that was one point in Q1. And of course, if you think about the lost profit growth in Russia, that actually gets you closer to a couple of points. And as you mentioned, the China impact. As you heard on their call, the business there is softer than expected, so that's had a bit of an impact. And we expect that going into Q2 as well. But -- so Q2 is going to land about where Q1 is. But those are the two primary drivers. And of course, when we think about the full year, we still think Russia is the one driver that takes us off of our algorithm from a profit standpoint for the year. Of course, we're going to work hard to try to overdeliver against that plan. So in general, we feel really good about the profit plan with a little bit of noise there on those two factors. In terms of development, we feel great about the pipeline. Our Q1 was strong, but the pipeline looking to the rest of the year remains strong as well. And of course, it's our job every day to come in and find ways to overdeliver against that 4% to 5% unit guidance. Of course, keep in mind, we had 100 net new units from Russia last year. Even without the 100 net new units, we still feel good about delivering on that part of the algorithm.
Chris Turner: Yes. And on the second part around Pizza Hut U.S. and the shift to using third-party delivery, as David said earlier, we still see strong demand in the Pizza Hut U.S. business, but it's primarily a challenge of being able to fulfill it with the labor challenges around drivers in particular. That's the most pronounced challenge that we have from a labor perspective in the U.S. So that's part of the driver for continuing to shift to additional modes of being able to deliver. And we're doing that by adding in both delivery as a service, which is basically still having sales through our website and apps, but then fulfillment, leveraging those third-party drivers during peak periods when we need extra capacity to help us address some of those hiring challenges for drivers. But as we mentioned, we're also working with the aggregator partners on the marketplaces. And that's just part of our strategy for wanting to be ubiquitous, be everywhere that our company -- our customers want to do business with us. And we're seeing, in the early going on that, incremental growth from those channels. In fact, we've got one of our leading franchisees who has already moved on to those platforms and is running 4 points or so ahead of the system which is primarily driven by the incremental customers that they're finding on those platforms. And of course, the way we negotiate the economics in those deals, in the U.S., we really are indifferent in terms of where the sales fall. We ensure that our economics are roughly the same across channels. So we want to be there wherever our customers want to do business with us.
Chris Turner: Yes, yes, running 4 or 5 points ahead of the system. And the vast majority of that we attribute to the incremental customers that they're finding through the platform.
Chris Turner: Well, in terms of the strategy to address these challenges, David Graves and Aaron Powell, who are doing a great job dealing with this very dynamic environment, those are a couple of key parts of their strategy for dealing with this. And we'll be implementing the delivery as a service, as we mentioned in the earlier comments, over the next two to three quarters. And then, of course, the franchisees each have a decision on how to work with aggregators but we do that under our umbrella agreement. And we expect that those kinds of gains continue to show up in the results. Obviously, I think more and more are going to be choosing to move in that direction. So the implementation will take a while but it's certainly part of the strategy for dealing with this really dynamic environment.
Chris Turner: It's still too early to tell. This is something that has just been implemented over the last few months, so still too early and still too limited a sample size, I think, to draw conclusions on a broad basis. But as we said, if you look at our business, there is this fulfillment challenge. Our carryout business was actually up in the quarter. So the primary challenge was on the delivery business. And so these strategies are directly pointed at that biggest root cause that's getting in the way of being able to serve and fulfill full customer demand.
Chris Turner: Yes. Thanks, David. As with all elements of our algorithm, we're always working to find ways to overdeliver. We called out the one primary driver which, on profit, creates a headwind this year which -- going into Q2, Q3, Q4, we're going to lose 3 points of operating profit plus the planned growth in Russia as we exclude those from the results and direct any profits from Russia towards humanitarian efforts. So that's the big headwind, of course. In the early going, as we said, this China softness is probably a little bigger than expected. I don't know the long-term trajectory there. You would think at some point in the long term, China will rebound and that business should see growth. But I'm sure the timing on that is uncertain. If you think about other puts and takes, I think emerging market strength. If you look at our 18% same-store sales growth in emerging markets, that's a great sign of recovery and a big important part of our business. So that's a place where you might see upside. Of course, on the flip side, we'll continue to navigate the really dynamic environment around inflation, pricing and how those are playing out in each of our markets around the globe. Right now, we think we're dealing with those incredibly well. Our scale gives us advantage and gives our franchisees advantage in dealing with those. But -- a very dynamic environment but we feel really good about the overall profit engine of the business.
Chris Turner: Yes. So Brian, good question. Loyalty is becoming an increasingly important part of our business, increasingly important part of our digital experience that we provide to customers. More than half of our restaurants around the globe are part of a loyalty program. Taco Bell in the U.S. is a great example of how we're driving excitement through loyalty. That's what we did with the Taco Lover's Pass. And that helps to drive app downloads and people signing up into the program and we continue to see significant growth in membership in that program. Pizza Hut obviously in the U.S. has a large and very impactful loyalty program. And KFC has great loyalty programs in a number of markets around the globe. So we're going to continue to focus on that, implementing it in markets where it makes sense. Interesting question. Obviously, we thought about it in terms of cross-brand loyalty. Right now, we're focused on maximizing the value of our brand-focused loyalty programs. But obviously, as our data and analytics capabilities continue to evolve, all sorts of possibilities are out there in the future. But for the time being, we'll remain focused on brand-specific loyalty programs.
