Tim Jerzyk: Thanks, David. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. This call is being recorded and will be available for playback. We are broadcasting the conference call via our website, www.yum.com. Please be advised that if you ask a question, it will be included in both our live conference and in any future use of the recording. I would also like to remind you that this conference call includes forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to future events and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from these statements. All forward-looking statements should be considered in conjunction with the cautionary statements in our earnings release released last night and the risk factors included in our filings with the SEC. In addition, please refer to the Investors section of the Yum! Brands website to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used on today's call. Finally, we would like you to be aware of a few upcoming Yum! investor events. Our Annual Investor and Analyst Conference in New York City will be Wednesday, December 7. Please register for that as soon as possible. Monday, February 6, 2012, fourth quarter earnings will be released. This was previously scheduled for February 1, so please adjust your calendars. On our call today, you will hear from David Novak, Chairman and CEO; and Rick Carucci, our CFO. Following remarks from both, we will take your questions. Now I'll turn the call over to David Novak.
Tim Jerzyk: Yes, Larry, I think -- we're assuming you're talking about check average. We said breakfast was about half of that. If we're wrong on your -- the assumption list, no, but the rest of it would be the value initiatives at lunch and afternoon snack.
Tim Jerzyk: Keith, it certainly is the portfolio mix issues that we talked on several occasions in the past. France is definitely entering into the mix with the highest average unit volumes. And then also, same-store sales have been stronger this year in company stores.
David C. Novak: Okay. Well, first of all, David, our strategy is a brand-building strategy and an asset leverage-building strategy, and what we're trying to do is make our brand as compelling and as relevant and as ubiquitous as it can possibly be in China. And if you look at the real success factors in this category, you have a broad menu, you leverage your asset throughout the day and you make your products affordable on an everyday basis. And in China, we're doing this, and we're doing it with great margins this year. And I think what I feel terrific about is that we're getting everything that we want to get out of China. We're continuing to grow this business, and we have a great team of people there that are focused on building this brand and building dayparts and leveraging that asset throughout the day. But they are, first and foremost, brand builders, and I think that's what we're doing. We have tremendous operational excellence. We're maintaining fantastic operations as we're dramatically improving our transactions. Our average unit volumes now are $1.7 million. So we're getting -- our new unit cash flows and margins are as good as they've ever been, and so we're having another excellent year in China on top of a great year last year. So strategically, the only thing I think we've done is further solidified our strength with the customer. We will have -- this year, we're going to set a record for new units. We're going to have 600 new units. So just think of the transaction growth we're achieving, sales growth we're achieving, the margins that we have, and we're still adding a record number of 600 units. So to me, looking back and stepping back and looking at China, it would be hard for me to say, if I could -- if someone said, "Can we write this story? Last year, at the beginning of January, could we have this kind of performance?" I'd say, "Give it to me. Give it to me this year. Give it to me next year. Keep it going." And the best thing about our business is that we've got KFC moving in all cylinders in China. And also, as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, we've got Pizza Hut now, which has been dramatically transformed. We're going into 100 -- we're going to open up 100 stores of Pizza Hut this year. We're going into Tier 3, 4 and 5 cities. In Pizza Hut, we only have 500 units. So we are constantly just trying to build these brands the right way. I've always said that we've got these tremendous diamonds. We just got to keep polishing them and growing them the right way. And our people capabilities have never been better, the brand's never been stronger, and Yum! in total is going to have another excellent year.
David C. Novak: So in summary, both KFC and Pizza Hut brands have never been stronger. Both brands are more ubiquitous than ever before. We're leveraging our assets throughout the day. We're opening up new units with returns that are at least, if not better, than any that we've ever had, and we're more optimistic than ever about the breadth and future of these 2 brands. And with the China consuming class going from 300 million to 600 million over the next -- in the coming years, we couldn't be in a better place. So very pleased with this year in China.
David C. Novak: Well, I think that Taco Bell is making steady improvement, but a slow improvement, and we're obviously not pleased with our same-store sales. Any time your same-store sales are down, you can't be at all pleased about it. But to your point, we have improved. We went from down 5% in the second quarter to down 2%, and our 2-year numbers are plus one, if you look at a 2-year basis. But I think it's been just more of the same without any real significant breakthroughs. And what we've really been working on this year is, first of all, just across the board and around the world at Yum! Brands, we've been focused on operational excellence and making sure that we deliver a great experience to our customers. We've been focused on maintaining our #1 value initiative. But what we really think is going to really get Taco Bell moving and back on the growth track is more category innovation. And so what I'm really pleased about is this year, we have proven and test marketed that we do have exactly that coming forward, which will be launched at the end of first quarter. Taco Bell, in conjunction with our 50th anniversary, will be reinventing the taco. We've got some major news coming. So I think you're going to see some pretty much blocking and tackling, more of the same until we get to the end of the first quarter, and then we think we'll have a significant uplift in our business.
David C. Novak: I think the other thing too is that as we look at the sales, remember, we're very early days in all of the daypart initiatives that we're driving up against. So breakfast, for example, is only 7% of our total sales mix. We've only got delivery in 1,500 units. So we're in 24-hour services. All this is early days on the asset leverage. And we of course will have lots of product news, like we have in our China business, above brand. So I think there's tremendous upside as we go forward.
David C. Novak: Well, first of all, we have the "earn the right to own" mentality around the world. So we're looking at Taco Bell just like we've looked at Pizza Hut and KFC, and we do think that there's some opportunity there. I think in terms of next year, I don't think we look at it as a year of reinvestment. We just think we look at it, a year a lot of the investments that we've made paying off, because we've made investments in the pipeline. We have some proven products that we feel good about, and we expect that we'll be able to drive the top line. The biggest thing that's impacting our business at Taco Bell this year is the sale de-leverage, and we think we ought to be able to get same-store sales growth as we go forward. We're also going to be expanding breakfast next year in the Western part of the United States, and we think that will begin at March, towards the long-term rollout of breakfast on a national basis.
David C. Novak: Well, we've had test markets in the Western part of the U.S. which says basically we'll be able to expand breakfast there and do it well. And we're continuing to develop the breakfast daypart and our product innovations around that and how we approach value for the rest of the country. So we're beginning the rollout in the area where we think that we have the greatest opportunity for success.
David C. Novak: First of all, I'd like to thank everybody for being on the call. Yum! Brands is going to have another very strong year, achieve at least 12% earnings per share growth. I'd also like to -- today, since this is our founders' week, I'd like to thank all of our shareholders who have been so supportive over the year. We have a number of shareholders who've been with us from the very beginning. So I'd like to thank you for that support. We've done well at Yum! Brands in the past. What has us most excited is about what we can get done in the future. We believe in our business model, we believe in our brands, and our people capability has never been better. So I am very confident that we will be able to continue to deliver. So thank you very much.
Richard T. Carucci: Just on the financial side, David, and by the way, I'm in the same place that David is, is I think China is having a spectacular year overall. We are still new at the game of value in China, some of the value initiatives. So the first ones we did were earlier this year in breakfast, and then around April time, at lunch and snacking. So we're still on version 1.0 of doing value initiatives, and all along, we recognize we're going to read the consumer and see what it did. I think we're very happy with the transaction gains that we had. We have quite a bit of growth in breakfast, which is fantastic. We probably had a little bit higher mix to some of those value initiatives that we would have guessed at lunchtime. But we always knew going into this that we could adjust. Now the only thing that makes the adjustment tricky is in the fourth quarter, inflation -- towards the end of the third quarter it was a little higher than what we were anticipating. To your point, we were anticipating high inflation, but the labor inflation, starting the year, we thought would be in mid-teens. And in the quarter, it was 20%, and we think it's probably going to be about 20% in the fourth quarter as well. And then commodity inflation, we thought, would not get up or not get higher in the fourth quarter. So that -- the biggest issue that we probably have is the adjustments towards the value. It will take us a little bit of time, but again, I couldn't be happier with the overall results. The profit results we have year-to-date, excluding ForEx, are 15%, and that's on top of 26% last year. So we feel -- I'll take it as David says. Regarding the unit development, I mean, to me, that's a no-brainer if you could get more units in China. The team is extremely disciplined on development, and one of the good things that came out of the last 5-year plan is that the government is sort of starting to build city clusters around some of the major -- about 20 or 25 major cities. We think that gives us new unit opportunities once some new trade zones will be developed as they're going to build housing in those areas. But they're also building trains and buses and stations and all of that, which those type of infrastructure things help us. So it's really been a combination of that investment and the trade zones, if that opens up for KFC, as well as David in his speech talked about how Pizza Hut is now able to get into Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities much more profitably than before. So that's allowed us to increase our Pizza Hut development significantly. So if I could -- if we could build 600 units a year going forward, and if that causes us a quarter issue with labor, that's like a no-brainer. We still get less than 3-year paybacks on those investments. So we feel great about where we stand in China.
Richard T. Carucci: Yes, I think to your point, David, clearly, the inflation this year is higher than normal. So it's hard to chase the inflation when it's that high. Our hope is that inflation, especially commodity inflation, will abate by midyear next year. Labor inflation, we think, will remain high but not as high as it was in the back part of this year. So in terms of how to deal with inflation though, I do want to emphasize that we're in a better position to do it than, we think, everybody else. We have a different levers that I talked about in my speech in terms of different dayparts, strong distribution system, and so we could take pricing in different areas, in different parts of the country, et cetera. And with our capability, we think we're better equipped than pretty much anyone else there to deal with inflation. Part of the game plan is that we will gradually take pricing and catch up to inflation. And then when inflation abates, we'll be back -- to your point, I think we expect, I'd call it at least 20% margins. But, again, we knew that we were off of very high margins a year ago. So we never thought -- going into this year, we didn't anticipate that we would keep that level of margin. So I think somewhere between a little over 20% is probably where the margins will shake out over the next couple of years.
Richard T. Carucci: And just to add to David's comments about what we see through the balance of the year and into the early part of next year, just as a reminder, the laps for Taco Bell do get a little bit more challenging in Q4. So that, combined with the fact that, as David said, the real look forward is the new innovation coming at the end of Q1 next year.
Richard T. Carucci: I really, John, can't talk to McDonald's, but I will talk to what we have. I mean, if you look at -- to your point, if you look at what our food inflation has been, if you go out and go to the last 5 or 6 years, it's been way below what the inflation rate has been for food. And we were getting purchasing efficiencies and all of those benefits as well. So we have a world-class supply chain group in China. We have very strong distribution. So our costs are very, I think, very well-managed there. The challenge that we've had really has been on the proteins the last several years. So when you've seen this spike, it's been really related to -- we think it's been going with the market on both pork and chicken. So pork has had a lot of several price spikes the last few years. That has impact on [indiscernible] because those are the 2 leading proteins in China. So that's really what's been driving the volatility, we think, on the chicken has really been what's happened on the pork side in China. We're hoping that, that will abate early next year on the pork side, and it will start seeing better chicken cost, I'd say starting in around the second quarter next year, but that's a guess at this point. We'll give you better data if we have it in December.
Richard T. Carucci: Yes, if you just want to think about it simplistically on a year-over-year basis, there's obviously a lot of moving parts. If you take 8% food inflation on our base of about 34% or so, you get a little under 3 points of inflation on the food side. If you take 20% inflation on labor, which was about 14% last year of our base cost, that gets you to, again, a little under 3%. So food inflation and labor inflation in Q3 is equal to about 6% impact on margins.
Richard T. Carucci: Well, yes, and then there's a lot of other moving part points. In my speech, I talked about the business tax, the Expo lap. In Q3, that was about 1 point, but then you obviously have benefits from transaction gains, et cetera. But from an inflation standpoint, it was about 6 points of the issue. Unfortunately, in Q4, that goes up to about 8 points because we said we expect mid-teen in inflation on the food side and still about 20% on the labor side. And so the September price increase will basically offset that increase. And then I mentioned before, we're going to tweak our value initiatives, which will be another step in that direction. But yes, that's what we didn't expect. We didn't expect the fourth quarter to be 2 points higher than the third quarter, so that piece we were taken by surprise on.
Richard T. Carucci: Well, we've always looked aggressively at our cost structure. We've also -- over time, we mentioned where we continue to refranchise our business in KFC, and therefore, as we do that, that will have a modest impact on our cost structure. We will continue to look at this, and we're still developing plans as we go forward. We'll probably have more to say on it in the fourth quarter, Mike.
Richard T. Carucci: About break-even. The LJS will be very slightly negative impact, about flat. And then the Pizza Hut U.K., depending on when it occurs, will be slightly positive.
Richard T. Carucci: No change there. Again, as we said before, it's the hardest one to predict. Just so -- it moves around based on onetime events. That's just how the accounting works.
Richard T. Carucci: In breakfast -- what we're selling now at breakfast is probably about 8 points higher of food cost as a percentage of sales basis than the rest of the menu. Delivery, I really can't speak to.
Richard T. Carucci: And we're not going to tell you, obviously for competitive reasons, exactly what we're going to do on the value side, but we're looking at those bundles. So, for example, we have a 6-RMB offering at breakfast and a 15-RMB offering at lunch, and we're looking at what the composition of those bundles are.
Richard T. Carucci: Yes, it's a hard one to call. To your point, we are going to get the benefits of pricing. On the other hand -- we expect that to continue into next year. On the other hand, we're lapping some extraordinary large increases in transactions. So we just don't know where it will shake out, to be honest with you. But again, I do want to remind you, our model doesn't require the type of sales growth that we had this year. Our model requires I think about a 5% or 6% same-store sales growth. So we may have more visibility as we get deeper into this year, but obviously, we expect the fourth quarter to still be strong. We have a lot of momentum right now.
Richard T. Carucci: And, John, just to build on David's point, the margins and the profit history of Taco Bell over the last decade has been quite different than KFC and Pizza Hut, and that will be reflected in our plans.
Richard T. Carucci: We don't discuss trends within a quarter, but we do discuss that there's a major change from the last quarter. So we have nothing to tell you, which I guess tells you something. Regarding what the underlying rate -- it's really hard to call. There's just too many moving parts: the different inflation rates, different labor rates, et cetera. What I would say though is that I've seen a lot of reports on China, and people are trying to estimate what's going to happen in their economy. And I'm not sure if they're going to be any better than people trying to estimate what happens in the U.S. economy. I think from our business, what we keep our eye on is the point that David made earlier about what's happening in the middle class. And everything that we see is that the increases in the labor rates, the people moving from the countryside to the city, the establishment of these city clusters, et cetera -- I sort of like those type of macro trends, and to me, I haven't seen any deterioration of those. If anything, I think the 5-year plan may have helped us a little bit because labor is going to grow a little bit -- labor rates are growing a little bit faster, and we're going to get that infrastructure in those city clusters. So I feel pretty good still about the, I call it, the broad macros. In terms of month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter economic trends, I don't know if we're any better than anybody else who's out there. But as I sort of said before, I feel we could deal with the environmental shifts, whatever they are, pretty well given the quality of our team, our national presence and the different dayparts that we have.
Richard T. Carucci: Yes, I think it will only have a modest impact next year. I think the bigger thing that we're trying to do at breakfast is -- we mentioned a while back, we're doing, I call it, gradual breakfast, where we're opening earlier and serving breakfast items and then continuing those breakfast items for a good part of the day. So we think that given that trend, that we could get a fair number of franchisees to pick up breakfast over time. So the first tranche of that is really in the West next year. So I look at that as a key. If that's successful, then the other parts of the country should be able to go along, because it's not nearly as big an investment than when you're opening up very early for breakfast and have the labor challenge that we've had before. So I think what you'll probably see happening is a gradual roll and a gradual impact on sales.
Richard T. Carucci: Let me do the second question first. I think the inflation piece, the volatility just makes it hard to get the timing exactly right. So I think that to your point, the commodity inflation will probably dictate what happens to quarterly margins. So the labor side of it, to your point, is a structural component. But as you also pointed out -- so we expect that to continue. So we expect high labor inflation to continue, not at the pace we had in the third quarter, but it's going to be at least double-digit. It could even approach the mid-teens, would be our guess over the next couple of years. So we think that's structural, but to your point, we sort of know that's coming, so we could plan our margins and our pricing accordingly for that. It is a commodity thing. It's a harder one to call, and therefore, that's the one that we may get ahead of or behind on over time. In terms of the development part of your question, if you really look at it, it's really hard to predict when do we get the spike in development. But it hasn't been a continual climb. So if you look at what's happened historically, we were about 250 units, and we were at that for a few years. Then we went up to the 350 to 400, and then we quickly went to 500. And then we've been at 500 for a few years now. And so we couldn't call when we would get to the other jump. So what we used to say to your point -- or what I personally used to say is we expect the absolute numbers to go up, but the percentage to go down just because our pace -- our base keeps getting bigger. I think, over time, that's probably still a good generalization, but we have a hard time predicting when the spikes will come. We didn't know that they would do these city clusters. We weren't sure when Pizza Hut dine-in would get more profitable in Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities. So that's just hard to call. So right now, I feel very pleased we're at a 600 base, and we'll just have to play it by ear from there.
Richard T. Carucci: It's a good question. We don't -- I don't know if we have enough data, because you had the spike-up occurred just this year. So we think it's generally unbalanced. It's probably a good thing. In the short term, it's harder because we have to deal with it from a pricing and managing-the-inflation side of it, but it is bringing more people in terms of affordability into our restaurants. And we just don't have the visibility to give you sort of more math around that. So that's just sort of what it looks like at a broad basis.
Richard T. Carucci: Well, we had a lot of units. I mean, that's one of the reasons we had units is to make sure we could still provide a great experience to our customers. Breakfast, we were -- we knew we had capacity at breakfast. So we weren't really capacity-constrained there at all. That was a daypart that was light. So we had to bring some more labor in over time. We actually started breakfast a long time ago. So we have still a lot of capacity at breakfast. Our hardest time is still weekends. So our biggest capacity situation are weekends. So, for example, when we did the daypart initiative in China that was a weekday-only lunch initiative, as an example. So that's probably where our biggest bottleneck is. And the way we relieved that bottleneck has been through adding units, and as David's mentioned in the past, we should have really good operations there as well. So we think we're still providing good experience to our customers, and when the lines sort of get too big, we sort of build more units.
Richard T. Carucci: The AUV is probably not as big an impact. Margins will be very favorable, probably about 1.5 points or so. We'll have to give you the math as we get closer to it.
