Christopher Turner: Yes, good question around the labor environment. If you step back at a macro level, we think about this in developed versus emerging markets. And in our developed markets, we have had some labor challenges that have been well publicized, not only in the restaurant sector, but in all sectors over the last couple of years. Those labor challenges are abating. We're seeing application rates increase, retention rates continue to increase, and our staffing levels are back to at or near 2019 levels. And we've seen labor inflation abate in those markets which is helping our franchisees from a margin standpoint. If we go globally, because of the position of our brands and the employment markets in those emerging markets, we really haven't had big labor challenges there. And we've seen less labor inflation throughout the last three to four years, and that trend continues. I'm sure there's some pockets for franchisees who are dealing with that, but in general, the Yum!'s culture and focus on talent, plus the way that our franchisees have led their teams during the last couple of years, plus our digital innovations in our Easy Operations area, which make running the restaurants easier, are all contributing to an improving labor environment.
Christopher Turner: Yes. Thanks, Jon. Good question. I'm going to step back and start at a global level. And if you think about our development, keep in mind more than 90% of our development is outside of the U.S. And when you think about where that development is driven, we shared at the Investor Day that 60% of our global development is driven by 15 publicly traded franchisees. If you go look at the financial factors on those franchisees, you see that they've got, on average, less than one turn of leverage. The two largest have significant cash on hand with no debt. So the financial health, in general, of our 3C franchisee base around the globe is very strong and we think gives us a competitive advantage in this sort of environment to continue to strengthen development ;whereas competitors whose franchise systems aren't as strong, we think, will be at a disadvantage. If I drill into the U.S., keep in mind that Taco Bell is the vast majority of our development in the U.S. Our margins at Taco Bell U.S. have continued to be strong. You saw our restaurant margins this year were a slight improvement versus last year. So we continue to drive strong growth at Taco Bell with strong margins. Those are strong returns on those new units. So we feel like we're in a very competitively advantaged position relative to that issue.
Christopher Turner: Yes, Jon, I'd say, in general, we all know that providing a great customer experience at the restaurant is critical to our business. And if you look at our sales growth results, double-digit growth in -- from a system sales standpoint for all three of our big global brands, we feel like, in general, we're doing a very good job of that. Are we always looking to improve? Of course. I go to our digital capabilities as one example of how we're elevating operations. You go to that Easy Operations pillar, one of three areas of our digital strategy, and we talked about we continue to implement tools that make the restaurants easier to operate and then improve the customer experience. Dragontail being a great example. David and I were in the U.K. just a couple of weeks back, and we got to see in Pizza Hut how Dragontail times the pizzas coming out of the oven, with the delivery drivers getting to the restaurant, that's translating to better customer experience. They're getting hotter, fresher pizzas faster. So that's just one example of how we elevate on that front. Where we do have small pockets of significant improvement opportunity, we manage those situations, and we referenced that on the call. We talked about the Pakistan situation where we felt it was the right move to make a move in our franchise base. The strength of our overall global development gave us the room to do that. But that's just one example of where we made a targeted change to improve our operations.
Christopher Turner: Yes. Thanks. Good question. If we talk about Q1 specifically, I think all the factors that David mentioned around our confidence in long-term development trajectory still hold. We've got strong new economics. We've got tremendous franchise partners. We've got lots of white space out there. And we've got the best development teams in the business. If I go into Q1, keep in mind, don't read too much. We said that this year would be more weighted towards later parts of the year. But in Q1, we put up 746 gross new units. That's our second-highest total ever. That reflects that our franchisees are investing to build restaurants. And that was despite what you heard on the Yum! China call yesterday, which is they were dealing with delays related to the Chinese New Year, delays in contract signing and building permitting that were tied to COVID. And they talked about their view on the strength of their pipeline going forward. If I go to the net new unit side, one of the things that we're doing is we're using our strength in growth development to advance our assets to strengthen our global asset base. I talked about how we, in certain cases, strengthen the franchisee base with the Pakistan situation. Another thing we're doing is continuing the Pizza Hut asset transformation where when we close a unit, we're opening another one in the same trade area that is a stronger, higher-performing unit. And the third thing we're doing is when we have a few low-volume units that need to be cleaned up, we'll take advantage of opportunities to do that. But in general, we remain really confident about the long-term trajectory. And as I said, we expect this year to look similar to 2021 and 2022.
Christopher Turner: Yes. Thanks, David. First, on development. Of course, our long-term growth algorithm specifies 5% net new unit growth. We've been a little ahead of that. And we're working hard to continue our development momentum. And as we've said multiple times on the call, we continue to have real confidence in our ability to deliver that type of net new unit growth into the future. On G&A, just a couple of things. First, note that about $4 million of our reported G&A in Q1 was classified as special. So then when you look at the ex special year-over-year increase, we had said on the last call that this year, our year-over-year increases would be weighted a little more to the beginning of the year. There are really two factors that drove that. So coming into the year, we had obviously planned to make some targeted investments in G&A in specific parts of the business to support our long-term growth strategies. The second part, we did encounter some expenses that we were not anticipating prior to the year primarily related to the cyber event that we had in January. But still, when we step back and we look at the plan for the full year, we still expect full year G&A to land at approximately $1.15 billion, and we'll provide further updates on the Q2 call as needed.
David Gibbs: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Obviously, it was a strong quarter from a core operating profit standpoint. And as you say, we have further upside as we step through the year if China's results continue. As you know, our long-term algorithm is just that. It's a long-term algorithm over many years, and we don't revise it every quarter. But clearly, we have -- we've gotten off to a strong start to the year, and we feel good about how the year is shaping up. Importantly, we just raised that algorithm last year at our investor conference, and I love the fact that we've started off the year beating all the components of the algorithm.
David Gibbs: We really haven't heard anecdotes and stories of franchisees getting concerned about accessing capital.
David Gibbs: The only thing I would add is the last few years have obviously been a challenging operating environment. I think at the end of the day though, it has made us stronger as an operator, and I feel better about the quality of our ops around the world today than I have at any point in my long career. We're clearly headed in the right direction. We have leaders at the brands such as Sabir Sami at KFC, who was the Chief Operating Officer of KFC. So we're putting a very strong emphasis on operations. We know that, that can pay off. The other component of this is, as Chris mentioned, getting the right franchisees in. In the U.S., as you know, we had a big change in terms of the ownership of our largest Pizza Hut franchisee, that's having a very positive payoff for us at Pizza Hut because they're running the stores better and a great reminder of how important it is to have the right franchise partners.
David Gibbs: Yes. Thanks, Dennis. Obviously, we had a strong start to the year with Q1. And we don't normally comment on trends intra-quarter, but what I will say is we're off to another strong start in Q2. No significant change in momentum from Q1. Of course, the puts and takes will look different. Some businesses are doing a little bit better than in Q1. Some have tougher laps. But it gives us a lot of confidence that our teams are doing all the right things to connect with consumers. And this environment is a healthy environment for us, particularly with our brands. When you talk about the U.S. consumer, Taco Bell is just so well positioned to weather any kind of -- there was some kind of pullback, as you saw from the strength they had in Q1, their ability to offer value menu offerings under the Cravings Value Menu, but also offer innovation like the Grill Cheese Burrito for people that might be trading into the category if the economy started to soften. So from where we sit, we feel really good about the momentum in the business. And the pricing actions that you referenced were -- will probably start to roll off a little bit. But at the same time, we've seen inflation abate. I'll give you another good fun stat. In Q1, KFC, as you know, rolled out those $5 wraps. The strongest sales that they saw in a customer segment in Q1 were with the lowest-income consumers. So the part of the business -- the part of the consumer base lifting sales was from low-income consumers because they did a great job connecting with them through that offering. Same thing could be said with Pizza Hut under 6.99 melts. So we know we have all the tools in our arsenal to win in these competitive environments.
David Gibbs: Yes. Just talking in terms of trends, David. You saw from the sales breakouts in our release that we've got widespread system sales growth at the numbers that we report. In fact, the vast majority of the businesses that we track are up double digits. I think we identified early on in the pandemic that developed markets were doing a little bit better than emerging markets. And then that sort of flipped more recently as emerging markets have recovered. They've been the one sort of leading the charge. And we're now entering a phase in which I think we're sort of more back to the normal cadence of developed markets and emerging markets contributing to our growth. So obviously, we have 300 brand country combinations we could talk about a lot of different ones, but I think that gives you a pretty good sense of what the landscape is like. And that's why we've talked a number of times today already about returning more to a normal cadence in the business, which is good for us.
David Gibbs: Yes. I mean the only thing I'll add is we know how important development is to our growth algorithm. Obviously, this is a big focus of ours. We think we have upside. Any numbers that we set out, throw out there, and that's our focus is how do we keep on trying to beat these numbers. And obviously, we've been pretty clear that don't draw too many conclusions from one data point at the beginning of the year historically is not correlated. And it was a strong quarter. It was a really strong quarter. So we're proud of what happened in Q1 and feel good about 2023 looking just like '21 and '22.
David Gibbs: Yes. A good question. And you're spot on, obviously. Our goal obviously is to be there for our customers for every occasion, not just for family meals or just for individual meals. Pizza Hut has a very conscious strategy through Melts in the U.S., which has gotten a lot of the headlines, but also an offering that they have called My Box, which is an individual meal offered around the world to go after more individual occasions. Pizza is obviously traditionally a family-sharing occasion. So Pizza Hut and KFC with buckets tend to skew more towards family sharing. And Taco Bell with their multiple individual items that you can piece together for your own meal, skew more towards individual meals. And that's why at the beginning of the pandemic, you saw Taco Bell rolling out family meal options because that became the preferred way that people were accessing our brands early in the pandemic during lockdown. So they're continuing to lean in on ways that they can capture more of the family sharing occasion. And then Taco Bell -- and then Pizza Hut and KFC are leaning more on individual meals. Obviously, nuggets, the $5 wrap deal and other offerings we have around the world, the launch of sandwiches more recently, are all designed for individual meals.
David Gibbs: Well, thanks, everybody. I appreciate all the good questions. And obviously, we're excited about the strong start to the year, the momentum that we have continuing into Q2 and the fact that we've raised our algorithm and are beating it on all measures today. Look forward to updating you on our progress on our Q2 call.
