David Gibbs: Sure. Thank you, David. I commented on the last earnings call, and I think it remains true today. This is truly one of the most complex environments we’ve ever seen in our industry to operate in because we’re not just dealing with economic issues like inflation and lapping stimulus and things like that, but also the social issues of people returning to mobility, they have to lock down, working from home and just the change in consumer patterns just to mention a few. So against that incredibly complex backdrop, I think these issues play out differently in each market. So it’s very hard to talk about generalities with the consumer. But one generality we’re seeing internationally is really the emerging market consumer is returning. We mentioned the 22% increase ex China in our emerging markets. Obviously, that’s a flip from early in the pandemic when those markets were hit hard. We like that tailwind in our business, and I think that that’s going to help lift us as we go and developed markets are fairly stable on overall performance as well. But in terms of the global consumer, we do think they are getting more cautious. We are leaning more in on value offerings all around the world and that also is playing out in the United States. If you look at the U.S., I think what’s happened over the last quarter is this the low-income consumer pulling back has become more pronounced. We’ve seen that in our business and we’re reacting accordingly. So we know the formula to win in any environment for us is to have a lot of brand buzz, to have product news and to have great value. You got to – you can’t pick one of those things, you got to deliver on all three. So when you ask how we’re planning, that’s how we’re planning and making sure in particular that we have the value offerings. Taco Bell is a great example of it this quarter when they obviously had a great brand buzz with the Mexican Pizza LTO, and that was also a great product news. But not to be left behind you, they did a great job on value with the cravings menu and the $2 Burrito offerings. All of that added up to a blowout quarter for Taco Bell, obviously. And we think we can win and thrive in any environment. So the changes in consumer behavior are really going to get us off our game. If we stick to our formula, we know we can win.
David Gibbs: Thanks David. Yes, obviously, we had a difficult lap in the U.S. in Q2 basically lapping stimulus. KFC was also lapping the launch of the chicken sandwich. I think we did comment in the prepared remarks that the cadence during the quarter for KFC got better as the quarter evolved. And then at the end of the quarter, they launched Mac & Cheese Bowls to more directly address the value issue I talked about earlier. Same thing with Pizza Hut as the quarter went on. They introduced a $6.99 deal. Both of those have launched well. And look, it’s hard to predict anything, but I tend to agree with your statement that we are probably pass peak inflation and obviously, the lap that we had in the quarter was one of the most difficult we have ever had at Yum!. We were lapping a plus 23% on a global basis. So, the fact that we came out of that quarter with positive sales was really encouraging.
David Gibbs: Look, appreciate – I think the development piece, we have been talking about a lot. And obviously, we just continue to put up great numbers on the development front. One of the things I am really encouraged about in the quarter and really for the year is, first of all, we are up year-over-year on net new unit openings for the first half of the year. We are also up in terms of the mix of where those openings are coming from with more development coming from outside of China, which has historically, obviously been our biggest developer. So, the development is becoming more widespread, to answer your question about what do we need to see to think about raising guidance. We want to see a continuation of that trend, continuation of building the pipeline for future years. But certainly, development, a real highlight of the quarter, it was widespread in terms of a number of countries. And we are also seeing the Pizza Hut and Taco Bell start to play a bigger role in our development formula as well as have it down the road. So, we think we are going to have even more diversity in our development as we move forward. We are obviously cautious in this environment though as we have learned over the last 2.5 years in terms of what it means for our business. So, at the appropriate time, we will relook at our guidance. Obviously, the other impressive thing for the quarter is not only did we lose the Russia units that are in our unit count, but we also lost the planned development for Russia, which I don’t think people think about. We were supposed to open over 100 units this quarter. But yet, we are still sticking with being able to hit our range and being inside of hitting the range of 4% to 5% unit growth despite all of those enormous headwinds.
David Gibbs: Sure. Thanks John. I mentioned this earlier, but really, the benefit of things like the Mexican pizza is the connection it has with consumers the love they have for the product and the halo it provides to the brand. It’s just as much about the buzz that, that creates and the relevance it creates for our brand as it is about the discrete amount of sales that we had during the weaker or that we have the product in store. And I think that is really our formula. We have got to be the most relevant brands in the industry and connecting with consumers the way Taco Bell has done in Q2. And you can see the results when that happens. So, to answer your question, it really wasn’t about the exact sales during that period of time, contributing to the quarter as much as it was just how relevant and connected to pop culture and our consumers Taco Bell is the way they brought the mix compete back, the way they marketed it. But certainly, there is a love for the product, and we know when we introduced it in the fall that we will get actual discrete sales benefit that might translate into a couple of points of sales.
David Gibbs: Yes. Obviously, we are excited about the growth in international and the future for our international business. In particular, Taco Bell, you saw they put up over 30% system sales growth. The development machine at Taco Bell is really hitting on all cylinders internationally. And we are proving that with focused effort, the right team against, Julie Masino and her team are doing an amazing job, the right franchise partners that we can get to scale that needs Taco Bell international markets, and they can be massive growth drivers for Yum!. We should get to the end of the year with over four markets at the 100-plus unit count, which that’s what we know to be the tipping point for really accelerated growth down the road. But in general, international is really a tale of a lot of different stories. And you are seeing that best exemplified by – China is still in lockdown, and we are – it’s hard to sell product when you have a lot of the market locked down. But as I have mentioned earlier, the exciting thing is that we have got – 20% of our business is in emerging markets like China. That business is on fire. As we anticipated, it’s recovering from COVID and lockdowns with increased mobility and new capabilities on the digital front that Chris talked about. And that’s really driving our business there, and that should be a growth driver. And we should see the same thing play out in China down the road. All the while our developed markets remaining stable and growing and even coming off of tough laps as they were doing better in the previous years. So, I think it all sets up to be a nice growth driver for Yum! for many years to come. Yes. And so with that, I am going to just close the call, thanking everybody for their time. Obviously, reiterating it was a strong quarter despite all these well-documented headwinds. If there is ever a quarter to demonstrate how resilient Yum! is and our business model is stronger than ever, this is this. The same themes continued from previous quarters with digital and development, both being really strong and those teams are doing an amazing job. We have got this emerging market tailwind now that I just talked about. And then Taco Bell, one of the things we didn’t mention is they grew sales. They delivered 26% margins, and they did it with essentially flat trend. So, all that pricing that they took, clearly still value for consumers, which bodes well for the future, up 20% versus pre-pandemic, up 20% at Taco Bell on a 3-year basis. So, when you got 26% margins and you are up 20%, you got a lot of happy franchisees and once again, amazing resilient business. This quarter demonstrates we can thrive in any environment. Thanks, everybody, for your time today.
