David Novak: I think when we step back and we look at what’s going on in China, and as I mentioned in my remarks earlier, I think the biggest thing we see going on in China continues to go on, and that’s that the consuming class continues to grow. You know, it’s 300 million today, it’s expected to be 600 million people by 2020. And this is backed up from a number of different sources. And as Pat just mentioned, we also see disposable income growing as well. The economy itself is growing 7%, which still makes it the fastest-growing economy in the world. So those are things that I think bode well for brands that are consumer-oriented. When you look at just the infrastructure, what’s going on in China, it continues to expand at a rapid rate. I think China’s building over 90 airports, six of which will be at least as big as O’Hare airport. Train stations are expanding, subway lines. All these really represent fantastic opportunities for our brand. And you know, I think what’s happening in China today is still unprecedented. It’s the largest urbanization effort in the history of the world. And I think that Yum! Brands, and our position competitively, is stronger than any restaurant company in this world. And I think what we’re seeing, and Pizza Hut’s great evidence of this, is that if you have innovation and you have value, and an economy like China has today, you can have very strong same-store sales growth and you can open up new units very profitably and move into lower-tier cities and expand very aggressively. And that’s what we’re seeing with Pizza Hut casual dining in spite of all the, I guess you could say, headwinds that might exist in the market. So at the end of the day, we continue to be very bullish on China. And when you look at the long term, we wouldn’t trade places with anyone. And I think that this country is going to continue to grow very rapidly, and we’re seeing it today. There’s a bit of a slowdown, but their slowdown is, I think, a pretty rapid rate when you compare it to what’s going on everywhere else in the world. So, again, you know, we find this to be true everywhere in the world. When you have powerful brands, you innovate, you provide everyday affordable value, you operate your business well with good service, you can win. So what we’re focused on doing in China is continuing to innovate, continuing to work on our value equation, continue to upgrade our assets, continue to open into the new trade areas, because we think it’s a winning proposition over the long term.
David Novak: I don’t think I’d characterize it as step change, but we think it’s very solid. That’s how we characterize it. And we really wouldn’t want to go into detail on that in the call.
David Novak: I think the only thing to add on that is that no one else has this. It’s pretty nice when you have products that nobody will ever have but us. So it’s a platform that is totally unique to Taco Bell, and so every time we advertise it, whether we have product news or not, we’re advertising something that no one else has. And, you know, as Rick said, we’ve started out with two biggies. The two biggest Doritos flavors are nacho cheese and Cool Ranch. We’ve hit on them. Flamas is obviously a much smaller segment. But it does give us an opportunity to come back and [pulse news]. I think the big thing about Doritos Locos Tacos is no one else has it.
David Novak: And as far as wings go, wings are very popular in China. And we promote them generally in the summer period. And so I don’t think it’s extraordinary, out of the realm of what we typically do.
David Novak: We never go after a recovery at any cost. We run a business. We’ve got a business to run, and we want to have a long term, sustainable business model and brand proposition. So we’re basically running the business the way we think it ought to be run, so that we’re relevant to customers on a continual basis. And we’re not doing anything that’s overly dramatic.
David Novak: Okay, since there aren’t any more questions, let me wrap this up by just saying that this was a slug it out quarter for Yum! Brands on our way to recovery in China. While our second quarter EPS declined 16%, it was generally in line with our expectations. The good news is that KFC China sales are recovering as expected. At Yum! Restaurants International in our India division we expect record unit development this year, and our new unit pipeline has never been stronger. Our estimated mid single digit full year EPS decline versus prior year remains unchanged. And importantly, we expect a strong bounce back year in 2014 as we continue to aggressively invest behind our core strategies and capitalize on the enormous growth opportunities we see around the world. We continually say we’re on the ground floor of global growth, and that continues to be the case.
Pat Grismer: Keith, you’re right. We did see the inflation on labor moderate a bit in the quarter. But that was more due to some productivity initiatives that helped to mitigate what would have otherwise been a rate of inflation consistent with the guidance we provided, which over the long term is driven by what the government’s policies are around driving an increase in disposable incomes, which continues to be in the mid-teens range.
Pat Grismer: At present we have no new pricing actions planned. Our number one goal is to regain the traffic that we’ve lost over the last few months, and we’re confident we can do that based on the trends we’ve seen to date. We know that it’s important to provide consumers with innovation and compelling value, and so it’s not our expectation that we would be taking more pricing later this year. Now, obviously the situation is very different at Pizza Hut, where we remain in a position of significant strength with our brand. And we have taken some pricing this year, and consistent with our growth model for that business, we may take pricing later this year. But in the case of KFC, given where we’re at today with the brand and our goal to rebuild the brand for the long term, we’re not expecting to take additional pricing.
Pat Grismer: The operating leverage actually has a greater impact on our occupancy and other costs. We have a much higher component of fixed cost. We do get the operating leverage benefit on the labor line, though, that’s true. But we do expect that the productivity initiatives that we’ve put in place will sustain and will contribute to an improving margin over time. The single biggest lever as it relates to our path back to higher margins is first regaining the transactions that we’ve lost, and beyond that to continue to build new sales layers. Because that’s ultimately what allows us to leverage the fixed costs in our business.
Pat Grismer: You may recall in New York what we had estimated for the China division for the full year was about 3% food cost inflation. Thankfully, due to favorable trends, primarily in chicken and cheese, we’re now expecting food inflation to be about flat on the year. What we’ve seen year to date is deflation. So we saw about 5% deflation in Q1, 3% deflation in Q2. We don’t expect that deflationary trend to continue balance of year. We expect to land on roughly flat for the full year.
Pat Grismer: Included in that line is rent and about half of our leases in China have a variable component. Also included in that line is advertising expense, which also tends to be variable.
Pat Grismer: No, consistent with what we’ve disclosed in the past, the operating results of Little Sheep are not material to the China division results today.
Pat Grismer: There were actually two things going on with China labor in the quarter. The first is that because the adverse sales impact of the avian flu, publicity was more pronounced in Shanghai than in other parts of the country. And in Shanghai, as you know, we have some of the higher labor rates. The mix of our labor across the division benefited from that, and that contributed a bit to the labor favorability we saw in the quarter. And then the second piece is around the team’s ability to implement tighter controls around labor utilization and a more optimal mix of part time and full time employees.
Pat Grismer: You’ll recall that prior to the onset of the poultry supplier incident in late December, we were at about 18%. So step one is to regain the traffic that we lost. And we therefore have a high degree of confidence that as that happens, we will return to that level. In terms of getting back to 20%, we still consider that an appropriate target for our business, because nothing structural has occurred to prevent that. And so as we think about the drivers that are going to get us back to the 20% target, beyond regaining the transactions that we lost, and also benefitting from the recovery in average check, I would say there are three factors. The first is continuing to build sales layers. We’ve been very successful at this over the years, introducing new day parts and new occasions that put us in a position to leverage our fixed costs. The second is to continue to evolve our new unit development strategy. As we’ve indicated before, we are shifting our new unit openings increasingly to lower-tier cities for KFC and more broadly to Pizza Hut casual dining, which is comfortably, today, above 20%. And so with those changes to our development program, we’ll see a benefit that will get us closer to that target of 20%. And the final piece is given the strength of our competitive position over time to take pricing where it makes sense. You probably recall that our ongoing earnings growth model for China requires mid single digit same-store sales growth in order to offset inflation and maintain our margins. Based on the inflation that we’ve experienced maybe over the last year and our decision not to take pricing, there will be a point in time where we may need to leverage the strength of our competitive position to take a bit more to get to the 20. I think it’s fair to say that that is an appropriate target, but it will be very challenging to get to 20% in 2014. But you know, make no mistake, we will have a high-margin business in China. It’s difficult to say when we’re going to hit that 20%, but you have to remember that we manage our brands for the long term. We’re not chasing a 20% margin. We’re not focused on getting there next year, for example. We love our competitive position, and even with the 18% margins we had going into the supplier issue, we had three-year cash paybacks because we have such an exceptional asset turnover ratio. It’s a powerful investment model for our shareholders, and we see extraordinary returns continuing at Pizza Hut. So we think the 20% is an appropriate target, and we have a path to get there over time.
Pat Grismer: Well, given where we’re at in our recovery, and we are seeing those improving trends, it’s premature to have such a detailed conversation around 2014. We continue to believe that we will see the strong bounce back. We’ll provide a more detailed perspective, as we typically do, at our analyst conference in December. And at that time we can provide you more insight into the extent to which same-store sales and pricing and inflation will play into our margin recovery over the course of 2014. The last thing I will say is that based on our past experience with these things, the recovery curve, or the recovery trend, is rarely linear. So, you know, it’s just important to keep that in mind. We’re giving you our best estimate. We reaffirmed that we expect the fourth quarter to be positive for China. And that will provide us the momentum that we need going into 2014 to see the strong bounce back next year.
Pat Grismer: Well, on the development front, we are continuing to shift. It’s not something that changes dramatically overnight. But I can assure you that there are two key shifts occurring in our new unit development program. For KFC, moving increasingly to tier three and below cities and increasing significantly the number of Pizza Hut casual dining openings.
Pat Grismer: It’s not uncommon for us to see some unevenness or volatility, if you will, from one quarter to the next. I think it’s early at this stage to provide guidance that was different from what we provided in December, which was about 27% for the full year.
Pat Grismer: So we’re talking specifically about China labor inflation. Q1 was in the mid teens range. Q2 was high single digits. In terms of where we’re going to land on a full year basis, it could be in the high single digits to low double digit range. As I said before, when we look longer term, we continue to expense something in the mid teens range.
Pat Grismer: Well, it is premature to talk in any detail around 2014. We wanted to give you a sense for what we expect next year, which is the strong bounce back. Certainly value is an important element of any brand strategy, along with breakthrough innovation, and our plan is to continue to offer both.
Rick Carucci: We’ve made the judgment not to break out the quarters. We reported the quarterly comps last year, and we’re going to continue to report the monthly numbers.
Rick Carucci: We highlighted on the call Russia and South Africa were the big drivers. If you talk about the impact of South Africa, you have to think of it as two pieces. South Africa right now has the lion’s share of the business, so that’s what’s going to impact the current year’s results. And so South Africa has been performing very well. Over time, the cumulative impact of it, as we enter these new African countries, will come into play, but it’s probably not going to have a material impact on YRI’s results for the next two or three years.
Rick Carucci: Well, you know, I think consumers maybe wouldn’t call it fast-paced. As soon as we launch nacho cheese Doritos, people got the joke and they were almost asking for Cool Ranch Doritos Locos Tacos. So we actually had to wait a little longer than we would have liked to, just because the demand was so great on the nacho cheese. We couldn’t get the supply we needed to launch the Cool Ranch.
Rick Carucci: Not really at this stage. We may know a little bit more. We’re sort of dialing up some of our product ideas and advertising for later this year, and at that point we may have a better read for what exactly could happen.
Rick Carucci: The sales mix has been around the 4% range, but this is before we’ve now dialed it up. So like I said we have plans to dial it up in the fall, and once we dial it up, both advertising and adjusting our product line, we may have a better read.
