Tim Jerzyk: Thank you, Ashley. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. This call is being recorded and will be available for playback. We are broadcasting the conference call via our website, www.yum.com. Please be advised that if you ask a question, it will be included in both our live conference and in any future use of the recording. I would also like to remind you that this conference call includes forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to future events and uncertainties, and that could cause our actual results to differ materially from these statements. All forward-looking statements should be considered in conjunction with the cautionary statements in our earning release last night and the risk factors included in our filings with the SEC. In addition, please refer to the Investors section of the Yum! Brands website to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used on today's call. Finally, we would like you to be aware of a few upcoming Yum! investor events. Wednesday, August 3, we will host a YRI, Yum! Restaurants International Investor Conference in Dallas, Texas. Thursday, September 8, we will host our China Investor Conference in Shanghai. Both of these events are close to being closed out in terms of the number of attendees, so please get to us quickly. Tuesday, October 4, third quarter earnings will be released. And finally, on our call today, you will hear from David Novak, Chairman and CEO; and Rick Carucci, our CFO. Following remarks from both, we will take your questions. And now I'll turn the call over to David Novak.
Tim Jerzyk: If you look at the components, as Rick said, basically, we're experiencing 15% and 20% wage-rate inflation, and you had a 21% increase in transactions. So you got to look at both of those combined to get to the per-store labor cost. Those are the base factors. There's really nothing else that's going through that.
Tim Jerzyk: Commodity inflation in YRI is much lower than we are experiencing in China and U.S. It's low single digit. The big driver of the year-over-year change there is more of a portfolio factor. The Thailand business has been very strong and that's driving lower cost of sales. You've got to keep in mind, YRI is a big portfolio of different company businesses.
David Novak: Okay, thank you very much, Rick, and we look forward to taking any questions you have about the quarter or our business. So...
David Novak: Yes, I think that the big thing with KFC is we're focused on building all the big components that build your image, build the big brand and take us in the future. We basically lead our competitors across every major dimension you could look from a brand-building perspective. The one thing that we believe is very strategic for us is just to make our brands very affordable on an ongoing, everyday basis. And because as Rick mentioned in his speech, depending on the survey that you're looking at, you got the consuming class going from 200 million to 500 million, so we have a lot of people who will be coming into the marketplace. So everyday affordability and access is really the name and the game, and the China team has found a very successful way to do that by focusing on the dayparts, as Rick pointed out. So I think what -- when you can have the leading brand and competitive pricing, it gives you a pretty unassailable position in the marketplace. So we have up to 3 value items at each of our dayparts to really leverage our asset throughout the day.
David Novak: I think to put the Taco Bell brand into perspective here, I mean there's no question when we just look at our overall research that Taco Bell remains an extremely strong brand. We all know it's the second most profitable brand in our category. It continues to have the #1 value image. It's highly charismatic. It's highly differentiated with no national competitor. And as you recall, we did start the year out fairly strong and then we took a big hit with a bogus lawsuit on our meat quality. And what we found in this economic environment -- macro-environment, was that our heavy users really stuck with us, but we did lose, as I mentioned earlier, frequency with our light users. So we still have a challenge getting our light user back in the fold. And frankly, the negative sales that resulted from the lawsuit has lasted longer than anyone of us thought it would. Even though when we look at -- historically at food quality-related issues in our industry, it takes about 6 months to get a full recovery. I think all of this, to your point about the macros, is exacerbated by the fact that when you look at Taco Bell, our unemployment of our primary target audience of 18- to 24-year-olds is about 17%, and you've got high gas prices. And I think these 2 factors is making it harder for us to recover. One of the things I take a lot of pride in on our company is we don't really like storytelling. Stories equal excuses. I mean, as far as we're concerned, the meat issue is over, okay? The economy is something we have to deal with and we just need to be doing a better job building this brand going forward, and that's what we're really focused on. Right now we're in the midst of trying to deal with the macroeconomic environment by focusing on a Spend Less Summer at Taco Bell. We've got product news coming in, in the balance of the year. We're working hard to make our advertising more insight-driven and more compelling, while we continue to focus on building our operating capability, which the good news is getting better and better. So I think we clearly have a short-term issue here we've got to address. We are all over it and we're going to stay all over it. You'd mentioned our other U.S. brands. I think when we look at Pizza Hut, we actually feel fairly good about the Pizza Hut performance because remember, we had a tremendous turnaround in sales last year with our value program. We've retained our value positioning and, by and large, most of the sales, so we really haven't had a boom splat. We've got innovation and more value coming as we go into the balance of the year. So we think Taco Bell is -- I mean Pizza Hut's in pretty good shape in the U.S. And in fact, this will be the first year that we're going to have net new-unit development in Pizza Hut because we've made a lot of progress and we've got some things in the work that are exciting there. KFC continues to be a difficult challenge for us in the U.S. We are focused on turning this business around. We just relaunched our Kentucky Grilled Chicken. We're optimistic about that product continuing to build the brand in. We've got a multiyear challenge here, as we talked about, in terms of improving our assets and our operations. But the big driver of U.S. profitability is Taco Bell, as we pointed out. That is priority #1, and we're all over it. We've got a great team committed to building the business and we will get this business turned around again. As Rick mentioned, we've got some significant innovation that we think is going to be breakthrough as we celebrate our 50th anniversary in 2012, so we have that coming. And we've got a lot of things in the works. But this year for Taco Bell is going to be disappointing, below our expectations. And we're going to stabilize it. That's the goal, and then build from that point. One thing about this is that we will have the benefit of overlapping these unacceptable results.
David Novak: I think the other thing, Joe, is that when you look at these value items it's around 10% of our mix, so we think we have a great balance of our menu in terms of what's on the low end and what's higher-priced items. So we think we're managing that well, and we will continue to do that. And I think, as we all know, the stronger your brands are, the more flexibility you do have in the marketplace as it comes to managing your pricing.
David Novak: I think that -- first of all, I think we need time, okay? There's no question that we've impacted it. So there will be some benefit that only time can provide. But the minute we say we're going to wait to figure out how to grow this business is the minute somebody needs to get rid of me and everybody else that's in the company. So we're going to work as hard as we can to get the business turned around. We're not going to throw good money after bad. But we think we have a great brand, lots of things that we can do to stabilize the business, and we're very confident that we can get the brand stabilized, ready to go and have the benefit of overlap in the weak performance next year. So we definitely think there are things we can do.
David Novak: I think that -- Howard, first of all, I think that's a good point, and it's a good challenge. And one of the things that we're very focused on in our company is sharing know-how and the lessons learned, and building capability just through leverage and the scale of all the resource and experiences that we do have around the world. I think that what you got with KFC outside of the United States is a much more dynamic, big-box format that is much more akin to McDonald's. And I think there's just been a lot more innovation and breadth built into the menu in KFC in most countries outside the United States, because I think Colonel Sanders kind of set the U.S. up with a heritage of small-box chicken on the bone, stay focused on your knitting. And so I do think that it's a little harder for us to transform the brand, or it's a lot harder for us to transform the brand into a multi-variety, multi-daypart brand that we have in -- especially in the emerging markets. So there is a structural issue there. And frankly, we don't have a franchise system that is as enlightened as our franchisees are outside the United States as well. So that's something that we have to deal with as well. I think as far as Taco Bell goes, Taco Bell is a great brand. We're taking a hit at this point in time. I wouldn't trade Taco Bell for any other U.S. brand. I mean, this is a fantastic brand and we're going to grow it. We know that this business is built on great operations. And one of the things that Taco Bell has done over time -- if you look at the majors, it's improved its operations dramatically. We're in the top tier in both accuracy and speed on drive-thru. We're continuing to focus on the operations, and it's driven by innovation and news. And we think that our pipeline at Taco Bell -- while we've been working on things, we haven't had a big news item in quite a while. We've got some things in test market that we're very excited about and encouraged about, but we think that, that end of the innovation that drives the rest of our world can certainly work at Taco Bell as well, and we've got some coming. So I think we understand the business. We share the knowledge that we have. We're getting there, but there are some structural differences with KFC, but there certainly isn't anything that's holding us back at Taco Bell.
David Novak: Yes, I think it would be a real disservice to what's going on right now in China to describe our strategy as a value strategy, okay? I think our strategy -- well , I know our strategy is a brand-building strategy and an asset-leverage-building strategy. So what we're really trying to do is just make our brand as compelling and as relevant and as ubiquitous as you possibly can make it. And if you look at the real success factors in this category, you have a broad menu, you leverage your asset throughout the day, and you make your products affordable on an everyday basis. Now we're doing this, and we're doing it with great margins. And what we're not doing, though, is executing a value strategy that's going to force us to get lower and lower and lower, and getting into this downward spiral where we're not going to make any money. I think if there's one thing that we know how to do in China -- I think it's our biggest strength by far and away -- is we have a great team of people who know how to build a brand. These people are brand-builders, and they're doing a fantastic job doing it. We have operational excellence that is, I think, the best certainly within Yum!, and maybe in all of retail in China. And we're building the brand. And anybody that knows our category knows that part of that is making your products affordable. And that's what we're doing and we're very excited about that. But meanwhile, we've got category-leading advertising, we've got category-leading variety, we've got daypart extension and leverage, and then we've got to go with the value. So it's part of the overall package.
David Novak: No, I'm totally comfortable about talking about the business and the brand in this forum and any forum. I just did, basically. I think that what we have, #1 value image in the category and a taste that people love, okay? It's different. We have different taste at incredible amount of value. And so that's our strategy. We want to keep driving home the unique taste that we have at Taco Bell and the incredible value, and we will do that. We have, I think -- at the balance of the year, we have some product news, but it's not like earth-shattering product news, okay? It's more of the blocking and tackling that we do at Taco Bell. Now we do have some things in test market that we're very excited about, that we do think are category innovations and a significant breakthrough coming for 2012, but I think we're going to have to just do a better job of doing -- operating our business on a day-to-day basis, and then doing as compelling as we can, marketing around what we stand for while we get the gift of time that will allow us to get through this beef issue that we have.
David Novak: No, there is -- I believe, Jeff, we have $250 million of maturities next year. So actually, the maturity schedule over the next 2 to 3 years is pretty good. It's really light. And we think -- as we've said in the past, we've been working towards moving our credit ratios towards BBB, solid BBB from where we were at BBB-, and we feel like we've made pretty darn good progress on that. So going forward, free cash after CapEx is really going to be focused on dividends and share repurchase, other than in the near term on the potential acquisition of Little Sheep.
David Novak: I think the best data that we have is a history that it just takes time, and that over time that when you have issues like that, your light users will come back here, okay? That's the best data that we have. All right. Well, I want to thank all of you for your questions. As we've talked about, we're very confident we're going to have another good year at Yum! Brands, and we'll keep you posted on our progress. Thank you very much.
Richard Carucci: Well, let me take the first crack at that and then David may want to add a few things. First of all, when I say the theme of the initiatives on the KFC side would be more daypart-oriented. So, for example, David mentioned we have a RMB 6 value at breakfast. We also have a RMB 6 snacking offer in the afternoon. And then we also had the lunch offer he talked about. So we're trying to be -- give the right value offering to the right daypart, versus across-the-board product value offerings. We think that's a more profitable way of attacking value. So my sense or belief is we'll always have value initiatives, but we'll change them from time to time. But probably, the theme of values for different dayparts will stay there for a while. Regarding in terms of the impact on profitability in margins, first of all, a lot of these current value initiatives really drove incremental traffic. Breakfast transactions now make up, I think, 13% of transactions in the quarter, which is well up from what it had been previously. So we're definitely getting some incremental growth from it. And you saw the transaction growth that we posted. So the good news is, in these offerings, a lot of them were incremental. In terms of the overall margins, again, there's obviously a lot of moving parts there. And then we took modest pricing at the end of January, and you see that the combination between that and these targeted value initiatives really work from an overall P&L perspective. So we're very comfortable with our longer-term margins in China.
Richard Carucci: Why don't I just talk about what we said about sales, and I'll hand it to David to talk about the brand going forward. What we said about sales is -- again, you saw the number, minus 5% in the second quarter. We said that would be the low point of the year. We haven't seen a turnaround. So I've also said that total U.S. would be negative in the third quarter. You could read that into there for Taco Bell will be negative in the third quarter, but not as bad as the 5%. David also said in his speech, he sort of expects sales to get better when we -- or hopefully dramatically better when we launch a product, which is right to our target towards the end of the first quarter next year. With that, I'll let David talk about what he sees with the brand.
Richard Carucci: Yes, I mean, what we said Joe, I guess, starting 1.5 years ago is we said over a 3-year period, 2010, '11 and '12, that we'd have a tax rate of about 26%. We said there could be annual and quarterly volatility there. Last year came in, in that range, a little over 25%. So we expect to be in the range of that, and that's what's built into our guidance. In terms of the low rate in the second quarter, the second quarter historically is a seasonally low quarter. It is the time at which certain taxes with authorities get reconciled. And so the way the tax rules work, that frequently will deliver a lowest -- lower rate. So actually if you go back in time, the quarterly rate last year was higher than normal. This type of rate is not atypical to what we've gotten over the last 3 years.
Richard Carucci: Yes, just to remind people with where we are there, you obviously have to keep balancing the value with the transaction driving that David talked about. We ended up -- well, if you do the math, Joe, that we had -- we sort of said we'd have commodity inflation in the 9% level for the first year. We said mid to upper teens for labor. If you take those growth rates on top of what proportion of the P&L they represent, it's basically about a 5.5-point piece that you have to make up somewhere. We took pricing in the 2 to 3 range, probably like -- more like the 3 range at the end of January, the same time we put in these initiatives. So all things being equal, that would be the gap that you'd need to come over. However, we've had such a strong response to our initiatives and just the market being strong that we are getting some leverage on -- through our transaction growth on the fixed part of our P&L. So we're able to make the numbers work right now. Obviously, if we continue to get inflation, at some point you have to look at pricing, but we're not planning on doing anything in the very near term.
Richard Carucci: Well, the early results are, as I sort of said, are encouraging. There's a lot of noise in the results because we're overlapping a particularly weak part last year, so we want it to settle down a little bit before we sort of talk about performance. We think it's the right direction from a brand perspective. The freestyle has gotten a lot of publicity, modernizes the brand. So there's a lot of buzz around the brand right now, which had been lacking there. So as I said, so cautiously optimistic. What we'll also hopefully do is if you look at the -- we talked about the margin performance at YRI, which took a good turn for the better. And we did that despite a drag on Pizza Hut U.K. So what I'm hoping, at least from a profit standpoint, is it will stop being a drag on our margins for the balance of the year.
Richard Carucci: Well, I'd say it's a few things. First of all, keep in mind the way our business model works is we usually -- our math gets us to a number higher than 10. We say at least 10, but usually it's -- look at how our model plays out. That's how we've been able to do 13%-plus historically. In terms of why we took it up at this point, there's really, I think, 2 driving factors. One is China performance that we talked about. The second is ForEx is a huge tailwind for us, the full year number in the $80 million range. And a lot of that we're quite confident about, because we had a fairly large amount year-to-date and the balance of the China year for us, we're extremely confident about. So that -- if you combine those things, that gives us a positive -- we mentioned in the fourth quarter, we expect better results. We had sort of higher-than-usual expenses in some items there that we identified at that point in last year that we feel pretty good about our fourth quarter overlap as well.
Richard Carucci: Yes, I mean, the team there just does an excellent job. David talked about great operations, and the team -- you should take that in a very broad sense. I mean the team does first-rate jobs in all those areas related to that, the setting up of their backup house system, their purchasing. We own our distribution system there. So that team is always focused on delivering innovation and productivity through the line. So we don't have any special, blow-away productivity initiatives in place. We just continue to do the day-to-day cost management throughout the P&L.
Richard Carucci: I have to go back and double-check the math, but I assume it's mostly driven by labor rate and the volume increases.
Richard Carucci: We don't have great industry information on a real-time basis, so we don't know. We could only assume that we're above -- significantly above the market, which when you're the leader above the market you feel good about. We saw that McDonald's sort of posted at about double digits for the time that they talked about, but on the lower end of double digits. We were obviously at the higher end. So it's hard for us to put exactly how much is the economy versus us. But I'd sort of say clearly by 2/3 of it, so the economy, the rest of it has this big, big amount given the size that we've got. And of that, I think that the 2 biggest pieces, one David talked about in his presentation. But reminder, the daypart initiatives, things like KFC delivery, breakfast, 24-hour, those probably add about 4 points of growth by themselves. So you have that plus the economy and so the rest of it, I'd say, would be the other initiatives that we've taken.
Richard Carucci: Yes, we're not ready to discuss that because we thought that the 2 hurdles we discussed last time -- the 2 hurdles that we still have to go through is government approval in China and shareholder approval in Hong Kong. And so neither one of those is done yet. I do expect we'd have an answer on both when we report this time next quarter.
Richard Carucci: You can't really have a plan. This is the government, so we don't know until they answer. And you can't know the shareholders until they vote.
Richard Carucci: The first part of the question, we really don't have great visibility into commodities by next year in China, so we probably won't until fairly late this year. We don't buy as far out there as we do in some other markets. Regarding the labor inflation, we expect it just still be high, but probably not this high. That would be my guess. We sort of used to run in the high single digits. So I think going forward, it's probably going to run in the low double digits would be my best guess at this point. On East Dawning, in terms of the economic model, we continue to make good progress with the consumer. We still have a long way to go before we believe it's ready for rapid expansion, but we also feel good about, as we've developed the combination of what we prepare in restaurant and what we prepare in the commissary. And so we're actually probably going to try that concept in a few of the cities near where we have commissary, but not in the city proper, and see how that goes. But just don't count on anything dramatic in the next year or so.
Richard Carucci: Well, the economy is not doing great, so you sort of see the general outlines, and I'd say that's sort of similar to what we see in the categories. You sort of see some sort of good weeks and bad weeks and good months and not-so-good months. But frankly, we know we're underperforming the category, and David sort of just spelled that out in his comments. So we know it's tough out there, but we also know we need to do better.
Richard Carucci: I'll deal with the first one. But if you look at the -- first, the economic growth and then inflation. I think, clearly, the government there is trying to balance those 2 things as best as they can. Economic growth right now, we see it picking up. I'm not sure what's going to happen in the next few years, but we feel it strengthens during the course of this year. And what we said before, it's the trends for retail I still feel very bullish about, and that is that they continue to invest in infrastructure, which obviously is this new trade zone. People keep moving from country to city as they create new cities. We're adding about 65 cities a year for KFCs. And we talked about the middle-class growth, which is huge. So for us, all those things are why we're still bullish about the future in China, but we do acknowledge to your point that there's going to be bumps from an economic perspective on that growth, as the government and whoever's running that China balance growth with inflation. In terms of inflation itself, it's hard to predict what'll happen when. As we sort of said before, I don't fear an inflation scenario, because when we have all the dayparts we talked about, we believe we have more leverage to pull than most people. We do a really good job on distribution in those areas of the business, so we feel we could handle that just about better than anyone without trying to sound cocky. So we actually don't fear inflations. The team will figure out the right pacing and sequencing of how you handle pricing in that scenario. I personally am still -- I've sort of said this before. I'm not convinced that commodities -- I do believe that labor inflation will continue high for quite a while. I think commodities are more of a wildcard in that they can move in both directions over the next several years.
Richard Carucci: Yes, I can't tell you offhand, because there's a lot of countries involved, how much would be mix in that equation. We'll have to go back and check on that. Again, in emerging markets, it depends which ones. But for us, the big emerging markets -- I don't want to discount the question, but our real focus is on developing the brand and unit economics that allow expansion. We talk about how many restaurants we have per million people, and the number in India is like 0.2 versus 3 in China and versus 60 in the US. So that's really -- at least the way we look at it, our real focus is build the brand, build the unit economics with that, that allow you to expand. And overall, we feel pretty good about those things. And you saw overall our system-sales growth are very strong, and clearly, there's seems pretty good same-store sales growth in there. So I think, actually, we're doing a pretty good job on both of those areas in emerging markets.
Richard Carucci: Well, we've been planning this for a while and it's also happened gradually. So even though we have a big shift this year that's, to be honest, isn't that big an issue to us, but it's an ongoing issue of, how do you continue to manage your cash globally? We feel pretty comfortable that we've been able to do that. One, it gives us affordable access. So we've been able to manage the tax rate fairly effectively and we've been able to do the share buybacks and pay the dividends, the other things that our shareholders want. That's something we continue to spend time and effort on. We feel pretty comfortable we've got strategies in place that allow us to do that in a similar manner that we've done in the past for at least the next several years.
Richard Carucci: Yes, I think -- let me break the dayparts down a little bit. Breakfast is one where what we did has driven a lot of incremental people into it, right? So I mentioned before that transactions made up 13% of our mix in the second quarter. Before that, I think it was around 10%, so it's a big increase there. And they are obviously bringing in a lot of new users, so not a lot of trade-down. The reason the -- we've been very careful on the lunch daypart, so the teams spent a lot of time -- we did not chase a lot of things we could have chased on value over the years. And even though our competition is probably doing more of that than we were, we think we hit on something right now that works in terms of -- tries to get some occasions. You're going to get some trade-down there and that's why we're very careful on that daypart in particular. But you sort of see, when you look at it from the big-picture perspective, we brought -- our transactions were ahead of our same-store sales growth, which is a good sign.
Richard Carucci: Yes. Again, I'm still where David is. We did talk that we're doing a better job on the value, but you shouldn't look at this as we've gone to a value menu and this is something we're looking at. We're going to be very thoughtful on pricing. As we sort of said a couple of calls ago, we're looking at it a little bit more scientific. We look at regional opportunities as well. So again, we're going to be very thoughtful on how we do that, and we want to keep the brand affordable and protect our business model.
Richard Carucci: KFC, we had a pretty good quarter this time actually in re-franchising, so we had some good activity. It'll continue to go along. I mean, I'd expect numbers sort of hopefully a little bit better in total in the second half than the first half, so hopefully in line with somewhat our performance in the second quarter. So we ended up, I think, with about 75 units in the second quarter. We probably will get at least a couple of hundred done this year.
Richard Carucci: Just for context, so far we've taken about 3% pricing in the U.S. Again, the challenge there is how much of it's flowing, spinning through to us. So we'll probably continue to take pricing pretty much in line with inflation. That seems to be what the industry is doing. Don't have a lot of visibility to next year yet. Hoping it'll be a little better than this year. There's some indication to that, but it's too early to tell.
Richard Carucci: I don't really have visibility. I'll be surprised if it's in the range of this year, but we'll have to wait and see.
Jake Bartlett: This is Jake Bartlett in for Rachael. I was hoping you can dig a little deeper into the labor inflation in China. By my math, it looks like average store labor increased about 30% in the quarter. It was up from about 22% in the first quarter. Just wondering how that squares with the double-digit -- or the kind of mid-teens labor inflation you talked about? Anything else going on there? Any sort of preparation for future growth? Anything that's kind of affecting the labor per store.
Jake Bartlett: This is -- so -- but I'm just looking at 18% same-store sales and de-leveraging of 150 basis points. And just kind of looking at that math, it looks like you had, I guess, 25% to 30% kind of growth in labor per sales unit.
Jake Bartlett: Okay, and then a clarification on COGS in China. Can you give us -- for the year you're increasing the inflation from 7% to 9%. Can you tell us what it was in the first and second quarter? I know on what you're expecting, about 11% in the back half. Just wondering the kind of pace there.
Jake Bartlett: They're both 6%, okay. The last question is just on YRI. You're getting -- I understand you're getting a benefit from mix shift with the re-franchising in YRI. But just looking at COGS line, it looks like you're getting pretty decent leverage there. I'm just wondering how that's working. Maybe you can give us an idea of the commodity inflation that you saw in YRI in the first and the second quarter, and just kind of what's driving expansion there or kind of leverage on COGS.
Jake Bartlett: Okay. And then last question. Last quarter, you gave us an inflation target in the U.S. of, I think, what, 6%? If you could give us an update in the U.S., that'd be great as well.
Jeffrey Bernstein - Barclays Capital: Two questions, I guess. The first one, just kind of a follow-on as it relates to food costs and the offset of pricing. I think you mentioned in China that you don't have much -- or no plan to take near-term pricing and not much visibility on food cost going into next year. I was just wondering whether you could talk about the U.S. on that front, first as it relates to pricing and where we are right now and what your thoughts are in the near-term. And then as we look to 2011, do you -- or 2012, I should say, do we have any better visibility on the food-cost outlook and your thoughts on pricing at that point? And then I have a follow-up.
Jeffrey Bernstein - Barclays Capital: But a little better than this year, but you're still talking about -- I guess this year, the inflation basket thing is up 7, so it could still be up mid single perhaps, but not as bad as this year.
Jeffrey Bernstein - Barclays Capital: But that's not something we should expect going forward as aggressive pay-down? We should see it till be minimal going forward.
