Pat Grismer: At this stage of the process, we wouldn’t provide a roadmap like that as to how we expect to realize growth. The fact is that there are many different ways we can get to that number. In the current context, given where we’re at with our sales recovery, I think it’s fair to say that we’re very balanced in our sales expectations for next year and we’re focusing on continuing to realize the productivity improvements that have given us the nice lift to margins this year.
Pat Grismer: Well, as you can imagine, there are a number of things that we’re doing to drive restaurant level productivity. The fact is that the team is learning to operate very efficiently under unprecedented conditions. Bear in mind this is the third consecutive quarter of same-store sales decline, and when you think about that, we’re very pleased with the team’s focus to drive profitability. One of the ways that they’ve been able to be more efficient is that they’ve improved the way that they’ve forecasted sales in their labor requirements at the store level. They’ve become increasingly sophisticated in this area, and they’re developing new tools and techniques to deliver optimal service levels with relatively low labor. So we remain confident they’re going to be able to sustain these results into next year. And on top of that, they’re continuing to work through new ways of [inaudible] productivity. The other thing I want to point out is that clearly we’re very pleased with our performance, with China restaurant margin, in the third quarter. But I do want to set the right expectations for Q4, because there are some things that are a bit different in Q4 compared to Q3. The first is that we’re going to lose 1 point of margin benefit from rollover pricing when you compare Q4 to Q3. The other is that [AMP] [ph] will be a full point higher. That’s our advertising spending. A full point higher versus last year, whereas in Q3 we’re relatively flat versus prior year. And we do expect there to be some moderate amount of food inflation, whereas commodities were flat in the third quarter. So you add up these three things, and that’s about 3 points of margin headwind in the fourth quarter that we didn’t have in Q3. However, we do expect that same-store sales and same-store transactions will be better in Q4 than in Q3, and that will help to mitigate those impacts. So when we look at the full year for China margin, we’re 16% year to date through Q3. Given that we’re moving into a lower seasonality period, it’s reasonable to expect that we’ll be in the mid-teens on a full year basis. I think it is important just to understand what the near term outlook is for China margins. But I also want to reinforce that we couldn’t be happier with the effort of the China team to drive productivity at the store level, and we expect those efforts will sustain into 2014.
Pat Grismer: We typically don’t provide margin guidance on the quarter. What I wanted to do, though, was indicate that Q4 will look different from Q3, because there are those moving pieces that I outlined. But we do expect the productivity benefits to sustain, and we expect the impact from sales to be less in Q4 than we experienced in Q3. So the full year number, as I mentioned, is in that mid-teen range, which is pretty consistent with where we’re at year to date, through the end of Q3.
Pat Grismer: There’s absolutely no relationship between those two things. We consider our best operators in the world to be in China, and as you would expect, they remain very much focused on customer service metrics, and they do not do things with their labor scheduling that would in any way compromise the customer experience. We don’t see that as at all related to sales performance.
Pat Grismer: With respect to same-store sales growth, city [tiers], unlike the first half of the year, what we saw in Q3 was pretty comparable to performance across the cities. So you’ll remember that the Shanghai region and other large cities were more severely impacted in the first quarter, and then avian flu cases being concentrated in Shanghai in the second quarter, we saw that disparity between city tiers. But that has not persisted into the third quarter.
Pat Grismer: No, not at this stage. We remain committed to opening at least 700 new units this year. We’re not providing detailed guidance on next year at this stage, but I’ll tell you it’s hard to imagine that we would open fewer units in 2014 than we opened in 2013. As you know, we have world-class real estate development capability in China. We’re very disciplined in the way that we make those new unit decisions, and those openings are decided one at a time. The one thing we’re doing, consistent with what we articulated in December, is that we are shifting our development focus. So yes, we are shifting more over to Pizza Hut casual dining from KFC, and within KFC, we’re shifting from the tier one, tier two coastal cities to tier three and below cities. And we’re seeing that with the development activity even in Q3 versus prior years.
Pat Grismer: What I would add to Rick’s comments is that we’re continuing to invest aggressively behind our equity positions in emerging markets, because we love the unit-level economics that we see there, what we call home-run economics. We know that there’s enormous growth potential, and we believe that it’s important to maintain a leadership position to lead the system, if you will, to capture the potential. With respect to to your question around KFC U.K., we have always had a very strong, disciplined, earn the right to own mentality. We are always evaluating our ownership positions and making adjustments as we go. It’s not necessary that we reduce our ownership position there before we move more aggressively with our equity investment in emerging markets.
Pat Grismer: We are optimistic that the supply chain is there. We have developed very strong relationships with the large poultry suppliers in China, as we’ve, over the last year, tightened our quality assurance protocols. And based on the fact that we’re looking at a year when volumes are significantly down versus last year, there is capacity in the system today, and our poultry suppliers are partners with us to plan for the growth in the category. So we are confident that that capacity exists.
Pat Grismer: Well, just to give you a sense for how we are shifting, I’ll just give you a couple of data points and maybe that will give you some indication of the types of changes we’re making in the shape of our development program. When you look at the units we’ve opened year to date in China, 31% of those were Pizza Hut casual dining. Last year, it was 24%. So there’s a clear shift toward Pizza Hut casual dining, given the very strong unit level economics we see, the very compelling investment proposition. Another data point is with our KFC brands. Year to date, this year, 13% of our new unit openings were in tier one cities. Last year, that number was 19%. So again, this is what we’re doing. We’re shifting our development activity, we’re shifting our capital investment towards the opportunities that offer the stronger returns.
Pat Grismer: Yeah, we don’t see the changes to our supply chain having a perceptible impact to food cost. And as I talked about, the food cost inflation changing from what we saw in Q3, it’s a moderate change. We saw basically flat commodity costs in Q3, and we expect modestly positive in Q4. It’s not a dramatic swing. And it’s unrelated to the changes we’ve made to our supply chain.
Pat Grismer: There’s no doubt that labor inflation has been much lower in China that we had anticipated. You’ll recall that we had guided mid-teens labor inflation, and what we now expect for 2013 is high single digits. Now, that has come through a favorable mix shift in our restaurant level employees, and some restaurant level wage control. But I do want to stress that we don’t necessarily see that continuing into next year. The fact is that wage growth had moderated across China, but the central government’s objective remains to double disposable per capita income by 2020. And as you know, that ultimately works to our advantage from the standpoint of growing our customer base. And it’s really on that basis that we are expecting China labor inflation in 2014 to move back to what we’ve traditionally guided, which is that low to mid double digit range.
Pat Grismer: That’s actually not the right way to think about it. What happened was that the tier one, tier two cities were more significantly impacted in Q1 and Q2. All city tiers have shown significant improvement in Q3 versus the first half of the year, but there were significantly greater improvement in the higher tier cities off of their very low position in the first half of the year. So all of them are getting better, it’s just that given how very weak, by comparison to what the tier one, tier two cities were, that we’re now seeing that they’re all more or less coalescing around the same [expensive] same-store sales climate in the third quarter. It’s not that the lower tier cities are now getting worse, or that they’re underperforming the tier one.
Pat Grismer: Our expectation is that we will take pricing to offset inflation. Naturally, given current circumstances of the KFC brand, we’re very sensitive to how consumers perceive our value. But we believe that we can do both. We can offer strong value and we can take the amount of pricing necessary to offset inflation. Because we are very much focused on the profitability of our restaurants. :
Pat Grismer: No, no new pricing actions. We’ll have about a point of benefit or so. And that’s strictly from rollover actions.
Pat Grismer: Not at all. We believe that one of the strengths of our business is that we are as heavily franchised as we are, which drives extraordinary return on invested capital for us. So we’re not moving away from that strategy. What we are doing is we’re shifting where we place our equity. So don’t forget that we’ve done some significant refranchisings in recent years, and we’ve taken that capital and we’ve put it into the high-growth emerging markets where we know we can get much stronger returns.
Pat Grismer: Well, as I mentioned before, we make these investment decisions one at a time. And we bring to bear unparalleled expertise and intelligence around retail development in China. We’re not chasing a number per se. We’re capturing an opportunity where we know we can create a lot of value for our shareholders.
Pat Grismer: No real meaningful variances across the city tiers by day part, or any other occasion. Pretty consistent, pretty balanced across the market.
Pat Grismer: Well, as I mentioned, the picture was very different in Q1 and Q2, because there were structural differences, if you will, between what was happening relative to social media, news stories, and so forth. So that’s why the tier one cities were more heavily impacted in the first half of the year. But as we mentioned earlier, what we now have is more of a country wide issue, if you will, pretty much a level playing field in that regard. And so we’re not seeing meaningful differences across the city tiers.
David Novak: I think the biggest evidence we have, John, is just the fact that our overall trust and reliability and safety measures are below what they were the previous year. And we think we really need to get those back at least level, and build from that point.
David Novak: You know, we really haven’t looked at it as reliability scores or trust as leading indicators. I think what we always look at is what perceptions [inaudible] do we have to change, build, or reinforce to grow the business? And what we see is that the biggest issues we have from a perception standpoint lie in the area of the safety, reliability, trust. And so I think that’s what we see as the biggest problem we have. The trend is moving in the right direction, we’re just not all the way back, and I think what we have to do is get all the way back. And also, I think what we think we need is we need more innovation. We need more innovation. We’ve done I think a very good job on the value front, but frankly we haven’t really presented the concept as innovatively as I think we’re going to need to to really take the business to the next level. And Sam Su and the team are working very hard on that, and I’m sure we’ll have something that we can be much more excited about next year.
David Novak: I think we have plenty of marketing to spend. And we have a leadership position, which gives us leadership advertising budget. And so I don’t think that’s a real issue for us as we go forward. I always tell our people it depends on what we’re talking about, okay? And I think what we have to do now is we’ve got this “I Commit” campaign to really drive home the reliability and trust issues. But as we move into 2014 next year, we think we’ve got a tremendous brand that we can glorify, magnify the role that we have in people’s lives, take the offense by being extremely positive, to bring forward the kind of news that we think will excite our customers more. And that’s what the team’s been working on. And to me, it’s taken us longer than what we’d hoped, but we always said that we would need time, and I think we still need the gift of time. But I think historically, if you look back at our brand, or at any other powerful brand, they come back. And we’re going to come back.
David Novak: I think if there’s one characteristic that I would give the Chinese team the most kudos for, if we have one group that thinks more long term, or more long term than them, I don’t know what group it is. We do things on behalf of the customer, we think about the brand for the long term. We went into this year knowing we were going to have a difficult year. Our direction to the China team was do the right thing, and that’s what we’ve been doing.
David Novak: We don’t see anything really changing going forward from what we’ve seen in the past. We do see some rent increases, particularly in tier one cities, that have been larger, but fortunately for us we’re a country-wide business with lower rental costs in lower tier cities, and that’s where we’re skewing our development. So we don’t see that as moving significantly going forward.
David Novak: I don’t think we have any new category information to share. I think that first of all the macros, we don’t think it’s really healthy. But when we look at the Pizza Hut business, Pizza Hut, because it’s had the innovation, because it’s had the value, because it’s had the operational excellence, it’s performing well. So we think that regardless of what’s going on in the category, or with competition or whatever, with the strength of our brands, when we get things right we can move the needle. And that’s what we’re working on at KFC. We’re working on keeping Pizza Hut right, and we’re excited about everything we’re doing there on the innovation front, expanding breakfast, and then we’re working on revamping KFC to come at the market in a fresher perspective.
David Novak: If you look at the consumer research, that’s what our take is. This is not a precise science, you know? I can’t tell you 100% for sure, but when we look at what do we have to target at KFC, what do we need to do at KFC to really get the business moving forward, we think it’s continuing to make progress on regaining the trust. We have made steady progress, we’re getting closer to where we want to be from an overall research standpoint, but we’re still behind. We like to do problem detection studies, and the food safety and trust issue remains our biggest problem that we need to deal with. And what I ask all of our divisions to do, wherever I go around the world, we want to know what perceptions [unintelligible] do we have to change, build, or reinforce to grow the business? And we think that the perception that we had to change at KFC, and enhance, and get it back to where it was, is the whole reliability and trust issue. But we’re not going to do that forever, okay? We’ve got this “I Commit” campaign, we’re going to get the message out there, and then it’s time to move on. It’s time to move on and tell people what we’ve got, and get people excited about our brands, and that’s my message to the China team. We’re going to deal with this, stay after it, keep building trust, do everything we can to earn that trust back, but we really think that we need to excite our customers with more innovation and more excitement about the brand. And that’s the real marketing focus for the future.
David Novak: We never have blamed the macros for anything. We don’t talk about macros, or weather, or anything like that. We just don’t. We just don’t believe in it. If I start, and I hear myself say that, I think everybody’s kind of going to look at me funny. So that’s one thing. I think what we really have here is a country wide issue of trust. And it’s in tier four, five, six cities, tiers one, two, three cities. That’s what we really think we have to address. That’s what our marketing folks have determined by listening to our customers, and that’s what we’re getting after. So I think that’s the issue that we’re really trying to deal with.
David Novak: Breakfast will be in the first half of the year for Taco Bell. We’re working on the details. It’s a competitive category.
David Novak: Well, I think the exact growth rate we’ll need to get back to you on, and we’ll be able to talk, I think, more about that in December. We’re always evaluating our growth rate. We have our new unit tracking model, and making adjustments where we need to make adjustments. And Pat’s already talked about many of those. I think when we look at China, we think the big macro that is a positive is the 300 million, the 600 million consuming class. And so when you look at the long term, and what we think we can do in China, I think that nothing has really changed. We’re going to grow at the right rate to take advantage of the fact that we have the leading position in the dominant consumer market in the world, soon to be the fastest growing economy. So that’s really our strategy. We’ll only grow as fast as our people allow us to do it, and our returns justify it. And as we look to next year, we see opening up at least 700 more restaurants next year. And we think that the investments we’re making in our restaurants, and restaurant development, will pay off for us as we go forward. Because we still only have a thousand Pizza Huts and 4,500 KFCs, in a business where we think you could take it times four or five. So we’ll get there the right way. That’s what I would tell our shareholders.
David Novak: Okay, let me wrap this up. First of all, thank you for being on the call. We appreciate it. Obviously we’re disappointed with our overall third quarter results, but I’d just like to close by saying that we will be back, and we think 2014 will be a strong bounce back year, and we remain as confident as ever in our ability to deliver sustainable and strong growth in the years to come. So thanks again. :
Rick Carucci: As an example of that, if you go back a couple of years, and look at Taco Bell, we had issues there a while back that were really fake consumer issues on a bogus lawsuit. And some news that would have normally propelled the brand forward, right after that, really didn’t do it. And some time has to pass. You’ve got a little bit of momentum, and then when we really hit new products like Cantina Bell and Doritos Locos Tacos is when the brand really took off. And now we’ve been able to sustain that performance as David said for now seven quarters. So I think we need something similar to that progression in China.
Rick Carucci: I think if you look at the emerging markets, clearly the bulk of that business, again, is a franchise business. And overall, the economies in emerging markets are slowed a little bit from what they were a year ago, but are still pretty healthy. And you see that in the results we posted in the third quarter, where we saw system sales growth of 11%. If you look at the profitability we get from the equity markets, it will build over time. And most of those markets, the Russias, South Africas, and Turkeys as examples, they’re still sub-scale businesses from an equity standpoint. However, even I think in 2014, I’d expect us to make more money in those markets collectively than we did in 2013. So I’d expect that to be a little bit of a benefit in 2014 and that becoming an increasing benefit over time.
Rick Carucci: Breakfast, we don’t know the exact timing, but I’d say roughly middle of the year next year. On Wing Street, we expect that to start at the beginning of the year.
Rick Carucci: The short answer is I don’t think that Q3 is a trend or something that’s different than what’s been occurring in the category. The category the last month has been pretty flat in the U.S., so it is a competitive category and there’s not a lot of total growth out there. I would say that always in our category value is key, and we’re always playing it at the key brand. If you look at it on a year to date basis, we’re obviously very happy with the overall margins, and there’s nothing out there from a promotional standpoint that I think is going to dramatically change those margins in any way. I think it was almost just the timing of what we were running in Q3 this year versus Q3 last year.
