Keith R. Siegner: Thanks, Amy. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. On our call today are Greg Creed, our CEO and David Gibbs, our President and CFO. Following remarks from Greg and David, we will open the call to questions. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call includes forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to future events and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from these statements. All forward-looking statements should be considered in conjunction with the cautionary statements in our earnings release, and the risk factors included in our filings with the SEC. In addition, please refer to the Investor sections of the Yum! Brands website, www.yum.com to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used on today's call. Please note the following regarding our basis of presentation for today's call. First, system sales results exclude the impact of foreign currency and include our impact of 53rd week unless otherwise noted. Second, core operating profit amounts include the impact of our 53rd week unless otherwise noted. Third, our full-year 2016 and 2015 KFC and Pizza Hut Division results have been restated to include a China license fee for comparability. We're broadcasting this conference call via our website. This call is also being recorded and will be available for playback. Please be advised that if you ask a question, it will be included in both our live conference and in any future use of the recording. We would like to make you aware of the following changes and upcoming Yum! investor events. As noted in the earnings release, we are changing the financial reporting calendar to consolidate quarter end dates across the globe to gain efficiencies in our reporting systems. Yum! Corporate will now follow a calendar year beginning in 2017. Further, an 8-K will be filed by the beginning of April with full pro forma results. First-quarter 2017 earnings will be released on Wednesday, May 3 with the conference call following on the same day. The remainder of our 2017 key earnings dates are available on our website. This year, we will be hosting brand days in place of our annual investor and analyst event. The first will be Taco Bell, May 24 and 25 in Irvine, California. Further details will be provided at a later date. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Greg Creed.
Keith R. Siegner: Okay, Jeff, this is Keith. First, on the margin question, good question. And, yes, this is all consistent with the plan. Post the October investor and analyst event, we put a slide up that actually showed pro forma for the whole transformation to at least 98%. What our restaurant level and EBITDA margins and EBIT margins would look like on a baseline of 2015. So, if you look at that, you can actually see pretty explicitly where we think those margins can get to within a vacuum. On the other front, yes, as I said in my introductory comments, we're going to get you pro forma results for the new fiscal year and for China, and we're shooting for early April. So, that will be full quarterly just like – look, I've been in your shoes and I know what you're looking for and what will be most useful. It is coming. We're shooting for early April.
Keith R. Siegner: David, this is Keith. On November 3, we filed an 8-K showing a pro forma end of 3Q balance sheet and cash flow statement for Yum! excluding China. What you'll see is a lot of the cash you just referenced in the $2.99 billion related to China. So, we show you actually what it was, excluding China, as of the end of 3Q. Then, if you do the walk from that number to what we show at the end of 4Q, largely that is one quarter of dividend and the share repurchases that were accomplished through the quarter, as we outlined in our press release. Give me a call afterwards and we can clarify, but that should be all the pieces you need to get through the walk.
Keith R. Siegner: That's what we have now. Long term, in terms of cash needs, it's a little different now, given the moving pieces related to refranchising. We still have some company-operated stores. We do not need $700 million, as of now, and we'd like to knock that down over time. Historically, we've been in the $600 million to $700 million range, including China. So, it's less than that now. We'll update you as we get closer to run rate at the end of the transformation, but definitely less than the $700 million we have now.
Keith R. Siegner: As we said, we're monitoring all market and macro conditions constantly, trying to make the best decision and get to the optimal mix of interest rate, duration and flexibility. As we said, we're comfortable with this – with our capital structure right now. If anything changes, we'll communicate that in due course.
David W. Gibbs: As far as the 2019 target for EPS, obviously, there are some FX headwinds to that, that are setting us back, but our interest rate has come in a little bit better than we expected, so there'll be pluses and minuses as we go along the journey. And as far as our pressure on G&A, I'm really pleased that the organization has embraced our effort to get more efficient and we're certainly looking for G&A efficiencies continuously as we go forward on this journey, but at this time, our long-term guidance remains the same.
David W. Gibbs: Yes, as far as the components of our journey to the 2019 EPS guidance, as we've said before, we're not going to get into specific details around sales guidance, for example, other than to just say that they're reasonable assumptions consistent with historical and our modest expectations for it going forward. I'll just remind everybody that share repurchases, things that are very much in our control, make up the vast majority of this journey, which is why we have confidence in being able to hit the targets.
David W. Gibbs: And on the refranchising question, of the 427 units that we sold in 2016, 195 of those were U.S. Pizza Hut. So we have reduced our exposure to the U.S. Pizza Hut business a little bit. And certainly, as we go forward selling stores in Pizza Hut is part of our strategy along with the other brands. But I won't provide any more specifics on the go-forward plan, but we'll update you as we move forward on that.
David W. Gibbs: The only thing I would add is that Taco Bell is actually in over 900 stores with delivery now. And when you think about the Pizza Hut business, one of the challenges we have in the U.S. is more than half the stores are – have dining rooms attached to them and aren't really ideally set up for delivery. So that is – part of the journey at Pizza Hut is getting into more delivery-friendly assets over time.
David W. Gibbs: Here's what I'll say on the G&A front. If you look at what we've released in 2016, it looks like G&A went up about $60 million. But the reality is, if you back out special, it went down about $50 million. And that's before the effect of inflation. So, we had – we made some considerable progress on G&A in 2016. In 2017, we've got a different mix of refranchising and G&A cuts that collectively is going to provide this 1 to 2 point headwind. But we're certainly on track with the plans that we had to get to the 2019 targets, and we're going to make meaningful progress on G&A in 2017, similar to the progress that we made in 2016.
David W. Gibbs: No, we believe that's the right number. Obviously, there's uncertainty on that as we're seeing potential changes in policy, but that is our current guidance.
David W. Gibbs: Well, the good news, John, is that our Delco model, our small box model, is a really good economic model. The cash paybacks from building Delcos is three to four years, on average. So, we have a way to get out of those red-roof restaurants that are holding us back. And by the way, not all of them are sub-optimized for delivery. Some of them were built more recently. Some of our dine-in stores aren't even red-roofs; they were built with a newer model. So there's a mix of assets there. But we do have an economic way to get into a better asset and, Artie Starrs, the President of the Pizza Hut U.S. business is working with the franchisees on a plan to make that happen. And unlike a lot of transformations where you can introduce a new product overnight and it's a quick fix, this one takes a little bit of time. We also have a fast-casual model, which we've talked about at previous investor meetings, which really plays into the current trend in the pizza category. We are seeing a lot of growth in fast casual. We've had a lot of success with that, albeit with a small number of units. And the franchisees and the Pizza Hut management team are excited about it and using that as another option to get into an asset that's better positioned for delivery, but also can add incremental sales through lunch day parts in this fast-casual model.
Greg Creed: Obviously, our bold goal, David, is 7% system sales growth and as David outlined, we believe we can get to 2% to 3% same-store sales growth next year and 3% development. I think what's very clear is that we are much more focused on these two. So, as I work with the leaders in the organization, I would say we've raised the awareness on the importance of net new unit growth, not just in the U.S., but outside. In that context, obviously, we had a very strong year at Taco Bell. Obviously, at KFC in the U.S., we've been a net closer. I believe that by the time we get to the end of 2019, we will be a net builder of new units at KFC, so I think that will be a turnaround. We have signed significant development agreements with Pizza Hut International with a number of franchisees around the world. These are in the order of magnitude of 200 to 300 restaurants over like five years. And I think that on the KFC front, our ability to continue to penetrate in emerging markets remains. So I feel very good about our ability to continually grow our net new unit growth, and I think there's an equal focus on same-store sales growth, getting back to really understanding consumer insights, really getting to what makes the consumer different, and really understanding that what we're delivering is a food experience, not just food. And I think all of that will help us enormously. And so, I feel confident that I think we probably grew system sales around 4% last year. We are tithing at least 5% this year and I think we're definitely on our way to delivering close to the bold goal of 7% by the end of 2019.
Greg Creed: Yes, and to answer the second question. I think there's really three things, Brian. I think the first one is we are much more focused as an organization. We are absolutely focused on driving same-store sales, net new unit and, obviously, shareholder returns. I think there's four areas that we are more focused in building distinct and relevant brands, obviously, enhancing our franchise capability, this bold asset development and unrivaled culture and talent. And internally, even as we did the 2017 AOP, it was very clear across all the divisions that they are more focused on these four things, which we believe will ultimately lead to stronger system sales growth. I think the second thing is, we're running the organizations really through what I call a global leadership team. So, it's not just the Yum! executive team, but we meet monthly as a global leadership team, which is obviously the division CEOs and Presidents. And I think the last meeting, which we had two weeks ago, they remain incredibly confident and optimistic about both 2017, as well as hitting all the three-year transformation plans. And then the last one is, we're going to have our first global leadership conference in five years in about a month. This will be bringing the top 200 leaders of the organization together. And essentially, the core of this meeting is about how do we go from good to great? How do we go from growing 5% system sales and get to 7%? And my objective is to use those 200 leaders to essentially be co-authors of this growth because we are going to have to do things differently. We are going to have to be bolder and I want them to co-author that sort of how. I know they are excited about it and I believe that we will leave with everyone having absolutely clear clarity on what we are doing on the focus that we are changing, and I think, hopefully bolder and more courageous decisions that will get us from sort of 4% to 5% system sales growth to the 7% number, which our bold goal.
Greg Creed: Sure, Sara. So let me just say, I think we did deliver 6% net new unit growth in Pizza Hut International last year and I know the team because of the development agreements we've already signed, very, very confident that we continue to grow net new units in the Pizza Hut world. There are some very good examples, as you mentioned, about what we are calling the repeatable model. So in Thailand, we've turned that business around. I think we've delivered at least 18% sales growth for three quarters in a row. We've obviously captured what we've done there, and as I alluded in my remarks, taking that to Korea and Malaysia. I'm excited about the master franchise agreement that we've done in Australia. The results in Australia have improved markedly. I happened to meet with the master franchisee when I was there in December. I'm very impressed and I think that you will see both stronger same-store sales growth, as well as, as I said in my remarks, the opportunistic ability to acquire another pizza company and transform those assets into Pizza Hut. So on the international side, I feel very good that we have captured the repeatable model, the things that work, and that we have an accelerating net new unit model in place. In the U.S., I think it's very clear. In fact, the way I look at it, I go back to what is the underpinning of why Taco Bell had a pretty successful 10-year run and what is it that helped us turn around the U.S. KFC business? I think it's really two things. It's the partnership and relationship we have with the franchisees and that then leading to an aligned long-term strategy. And so, I think if you – if I look at Taco Bell, I think our relationship with our franchisees is world-class and that enables us not to be in a week-to-week, month-to-month planning cycle, but to be really looking at the long-term and have great sort of trajection. I think, as I said on the KFC U.S. turnaround, I think Jason Marker, and the team, they changed the relationship with the franchisees, and on the basis of that change in relationship, we've now got a much more long-term sort of strategic alignment. On the Pizza Hut side, I think the good news is I know that both the franchisees and us want to replicate the results of both Taco Bell and KFC. I think both sides recognize that we need to improve the relationship and out of that relationship will become hopefully a more long-term aligned strategy. So, while there are many things to do at Pizza Hut, as we have talked about, there's assets, there's technology, there's operating systems, there's communication. I think fundamentally, when we get ourselves into an aligned long-term strategy that executes the plan, we know we've got a plan, then I believe we'll start to see an improvement in Pizza Hut. So I remain positive that we can do this. We know what's got to get done and I do believe our franchise partners at Pizza Hut want to be successful just as much as we do.
Greg Creed: Yes, well, obviously, the Pizza Hut business is a delivery business and I think in the U.S., well, through delivery and carry out, more than 90% of the sales come from that now. So the other thing I'm really excited about is Roger's commitment to take KFC and make it more of a global delivery brand. As I said in the prepared remarks, we are already in 5,000 stores doing delivery. Obviously, we have over 20,000 KFCs. The great thing about KFC is it is perfectly set up to be delivered. There is nothing better than a bucket of Original Recipe chicken in terms of a transportation vehicle, product that holds its heat, delivers well. So, in that sense, I do believe, and I know Roger believes that accelerating delivery is a key part of it. And on Taco Bell, obviously, Brian has started to roll out Taco Bell delivery. This product isn't as well set up to be delivered as the other two brands. But what is interesting is that when people want this product, they'll have it delivered. I think we're already in about 400 stores in the U.S. It's not a huge part of the business at the moment for Taco Bell. I know that Brian and the team are committed to accelerating that. Where we do have delivery, particularly around college towns, it can actually be, I think, about 4% or 5% of sales, but still a long way to go. So, to answer your question, we're focused on it. We really have to turn Pizza Hut into a delivery brand. We're still probably well known as a dine-in brand, but the delivery brand is what we've got to change the consumer's perception. KFC, we're committed to growing delivery and we have a great product to deliver. And on Taco Bell, our customers want it; we're just going to work at how we get it to them. So, the answer is we're very focused on that, and that will be one of the drivers of growth.
Greg Creed: Well, on Pizza Hut, hopefully by the end of the year we'll be at a single POS system in the U.S., which will help enormously. Internationally, we're looking at getting out of multiple POS systems down maybe one or two, so that will help dramatically. Taco Bell is almost at a single POS and back-of-house system, which obviously sets them up for eCommerce, digital, social. And KFC is obviously also making progress to get to a more aligned one system. That will help us do things like loyalty, which obviously are critical and important in the marketplace. It sets us up to obviously drive the social agenda, and I think all of that will lead to improved growth to the business going forward.
Greg Creed: I mean I think, well, obviously, Pizza Hut's got a very big digital ordering business today, but I think the opportunity for us to do loyalty and things like that will obviously happen once we get to this single POS system. Taco Bell already has mobile apps you can obviously order through. I think that business isn't large yet, but what it does do is actually make the brand a relevant brand. So, it's one of those things where we may not be getting a lot of business from -eCommerce on Taco Bell, it does actually reinforce that this is a millennial-centric brand. And then on KFC, yes, I think it's not going to happen any time soon, but we definitely know we need to be in the loyalty business. And so, whether it's late this year, next year, that's probably more the timing that things will occur.
Greg Creed: Thanks, David. It obviously is ahead of our run rate. As I think I said earlier, the organization is much more focused on two things, driving same-store sales and delivering net new units. So, I think just the amount of time we're spending on what do we need to do in order to deliver that growth, as we alluded to, obviously, both KFC and Taco Bell, took that sort of Q4 momentum into Q1. We've got the launch of Georgia Gold, you've got the launch of Naked Chicken Chalupa, and obviously, we've still got a lot of work to do on Pizza Hut. So, with the plans that we put together for the AOP, I feel really good about the plans across the brands, internationally, and in the U.S. It's nice to go into the quarter with some momentum. And I think this focus is really starting to pay off. And I'll be even more excited when we come out of the global management meeting and I've got the top 200 leaders to really help us think about what else could we do from a bold and courageous point of view in order to deliver even more same-store sales growth and even more net new unit growth. I'm really looking forward to that meeting because there's nothing better than being asked to co-author your own future. So, I feel good about that. I feel good about the plans that the divisions presented in 2017, and now we've got to go and execute, which is what we've traditionally been very good at.
Greg Creed: Well, I think, look, our performance will differ, obviously, across the three brands. So, in averaging 2% to 3%, I have expectations that maybe one brand will do better and one will do a little less and one will do about that number. So, I'm not expecting every brand to deliver that. I think the brands that have got momentum, we can build on that. And the brand that doesn't have momentum, we've got to do a lot of work. I sat down with the Pizza Hut U.S. team yesterday. We were reviewing calendar changes for this year, which obviously, they're working with the franchise community. So, no one is sort of sitting still either. If we are having success, we're trying to build on it. If we're not having success, we are acting quickly in order to change the trend.
Greg Creed: I think the easiest answer is no. I'm not seeing any impact anywhere. There's obviously a lot of discussion and speculation, but I'm not seeing any impact on our business in any country so far.
Greg Creed: I think right now we are, obviously, having a lot of discussions with the U.S. franchisees, which Artie is leading. And I think until there's an outcome, I think, as I said earlier, I think the great thing is that the U.S. Pizza Hut franchisees, as much as we do, want to obviously turn the performance around and be more like KFC and Taco Bell in the U.S. They understand that it's going to require a partnership. They understand it's going to require long-term strategic alignment. And I think how that plays out in terms of what both sides do in order to build that relationship and get ourselves strategically aligned, that is sort of, I guess, work in progress. But I am very confident that both sides want to obviously get to a better place and get this brand back into growth.
Greg Creed: So, thanks, everybody, for being on the call. I guess for me 2016 was a landmark year. We successfully spun off Yum! China, we launched this multi-year transformation plan, and we returned $6.2 billion to shareholders. I'm very pleased with the results and a solid end to what, I think, was an extraordinary year. Core operating profit increased 27% in the quarter and 13% for the year, obviously exceeding our guidance. I remain very confident in our three-year plan. So, there's no change to our long-term guidance and I'm encouraged by the early progress we're doing to unlock growth through this sort of focused four growth drivers. We're off to a running start. I think we can accelerate growth, reduce volatility, and increase capital return to shareholders. So, I guess in summary, I'm very excited about the future of Yum! And I think we represent an extremely compelling growth story and one that investors, I hope, will buy into. So, thanks for being on the call. Thanks for coming out in the horrible weather and we look forward to speaking to you all very soon. Thanks, again.
