Micky Pant: Yes. Well, thank you, Sara. I think the first point nobody likes giving weather and politics and reasons like that for sluggish sales. So trust me, we’re very disappointed with the negative comp number. But this was very unusual. As you know, the first-half of the year, we were trending very nicely. In fact, third quarter – second quarter of this year was the fourth straight quarter of same-store sales growth. And in Q3, we were trending through the middle of the quarter very strongly. And then right around the July 13, this matter started and we saw a very sharp sudden decline in sales. The good news was that thereafter the recovery started almost immediately within 10 days or so, but it did have this impact. Two things, first is that unlike a food safety incident research that we’ve conducted has shown that, there has been no damage whatsoever to the brand. Our trends have continued to improve. And I think the other point, which was mentioned in the – by both Greg and David, the spin-off coupled with the two very strong strategic partners we’ve got have very deep respect in China I think that will help us in the longer-term in issues and matters like this. I think, if you are at the October 11, Tuesday Investor Meeting in New York, we’ll give you more comfort as to why we feel that we can grow comps into the future. But had it not been for this incident, we would almost certainly have had comp growth in Q3, and we’re expecting from this point onwards through the rest of the year to get back to growth.
Micky Pant: As far as the new unit development is concerned, I think for the quarter, I think the impact was, yes, it’s just – I don’t see any particular reason why we will not have strong new unit growth. Again, we will share more details on the 11. This year, as you know, we did take our Pizza Hut dine-in build rate down from last year’s 280 to about 150. That was done 150 still on a base of 1,500 is about 10%. We felt that was a responsible thing to do and to get Pizza Hut comps back, which are trending upwards. And once that is done, I think, we’ll get back on to a strong growth path. So we don’t see really a sort of ongoing decline in our new unit build rate in China at all.
Micky Pant: Sure. Firstly, what’s working is, I was struck by when Greg was talking about the KFC U.S. business is very similar things. As you probably know, we did divert capital to store refurbishment in a very large way, so we’ll give more details on the 11th, but we’ve improved the look and feel of our stores quite considerably, especially in the larger cities. We did focus on our core bestsellers. So we did simplify the menu just a little bit. But the core bestsellers, including fried chicken, [indiscernible] sandwich were dialed up, and that is having a beneficial effect. Key price points, especially that crucial RMB29, RMB39 price points, which are the last two price points in this market. And lastly, digital. I think digital has been probably the most significant growth area for us. Our cashless payments have grown from 10% to 20% in a very short period of time. We expect that to continue as we partner up with people like Alipay to expand it. And our loyalty programs are significant now. So the percentage of transactions that are being scanned at the till for loyalty points is very significant. And overall spend on digital has become a very large part of our total marketing spend. All this put together is having good results. And we’ve accordingly geared our calendar for the balance of this year, as well as for next year. So both on KFC and Pizza Hut considerable attention to core product key price points and continued in-store execution. And that really is what’s working.
Micky Pant: Yes, sure. Look there was a benefit in the third quarter and it’s an ongoing benefit and it’s significant. I’ll let Ted answer that question. So maybe, Ted, do you want to start with that and then I can get to the other part.
Micky Pant: Yes. Well, as you know, it’s a four-month quartet and we’ve passed September, which is a tough lap for us. We’re in the middle of the Golden Week, which is the second most significant holiday after the Chinese New Year, and that is going well at this time. It’s a peak selling period and comps are good. Thereafter, what we’ve got in the month of November is a winning item that’s been tested very well and we’ve done well in the past extended through November, which is the snack platter, which is a good example of how KFC in China is unique in the sense that the snack platter has got four parts to it and three of them are familiar to people from anywhere in the world, which is French fries, popcorn, chicken, and hot wings. But the fourth part is squid, fried squid, which is quite unique to hear. It’s done very well in the past. We’ve got that at a very keen price point of 29. So we feel very good about our November calendar. And then in December for the first time last year, we started Christmas promotion. Christmas is not a traditional holiday in China, and the response is pretty good. So we’re taking that to another level this year with covering the entire gamut from low-end meals at RMB35 to a bucket for families at RMB98. And with a lot of innovation taken from winning items from around the world. So, December, I think, for the Christmas promotion looks particularly strong, and that’s what gives us confidence in the balance of the quarter. So obviously, we can – we’ll report Q4 when Q4 has done. But at this time felt the incident we feel is behind us. The Golden Week is going quite well and the calendar looks very strong.
Micky Pant: Well, we’ve done two rounds of research where we actually measured sentiment and we had percentage of consumers reporting less inclination to go to one of our restaurants on account of the protest specifically, that number came down for us sharply. Now remember, the quarter-to-date includes all of September. And with that month gone behind us, I think, it’s safe to say that the protest impact is now is very small, if not negligible. So I think that we can put behind us now. It always takes a little while to regain momentum once you get going in operations and everything else. So this October holiday is going to be quite crucial and determining that and our intention then is to keep the momentum.
Micky Pant: October 11, we’ll give a lot more detail. I don’t have the number off the top of my head, but maybe Ted you can help. We have accelerated the rate of refurbish very quite dramatically, and we’ll give you more numbers on the 11th. And I think what happens with refurbish is that, it’s very difficult to quantify exactly the impact until you the get estate fixed. And when a certain percentage of the estate becomes current, then you get quite a substantial benefit, and that’s what we’re expecting in time to come. We’re very keen to keep the estate current, because China architectural standards, especially in the bigger cities have gone up dramatically over the last several years with a lot of international entries, and we have been left behind a little bit. So that has been corrected quite substantially.
Micky Pant: Yes. Well, I think the space is still growing. We track – we repeatedly practice through industry monitors as well as we are looking at it very closely just internally to make sure we don’t miss an opportunity. The gross merchandise volume is still growing. For us, the total delivery volume is approximately 10% of our sales, so circa $600 million, $700 million a year will go through delivery. The percentage that goes through aggregators, I don’t have, it’s not a very large percentage of what we have. Pizza Hut dine-in is significant and will grow through aggregators. But for the rest of it, it’s mainly our own delivery systems. We are listed with the major aggregators. So we are present in all of them. It is true that there has been a lot of fallout, because in profitability of the aggregators reportedly is very negative. So, of course, the big three companies will still continue to support their delivery engines. But the rate of discounting, et cetera, I think has moderated over time. But it’s still is a growth area.
Greg Creed: Thanks, Brian. Yes, I think, I wouldn’t say it was an abrupt change. I think certainly if you take the U.S., I mean, KFC U.S. has just delivered its 9th consecutive quarter of same-store sales growth. There’s no doubt the plus 6 rolling over plus 2 and plus 8 is definitely means, we’re growing share in the category, which is great. I put it down to, and if you think about what we ran in the quarter, we essentially ran extra crispy chicken, which we’ve had for over 40 years in a $5 dollar box and a $20 bucket. I think what it demonstrates is, when you have distinctive and disruptive positioning and breakthrough advertising with great product quality and very good operations, I think, what you’ll see is, you can get the customer to actually come in more often. And so I think that was certainly the KFC story. I was particularly proud of what the Taco Bell team did and how quickly they reacted to their Q2 minus one number to change the calendar for Q3. It’s not easy to do. So a huge callout to the Taco Bell team for basically getting us back into 1.29 flatbread, the Triple Double Crunchwrap, which did incredibly well and obviously then putting it in a $5 box. So, I think, the answer is, we’re back to the core selling great core products. We’ve got distinctive and disruptive advertising and positioning and I think that’s the cornerstone for success.
Greg Creed: Yes. So they ran a $1 breakfast menu through the quarter. And that, as you saw, delivered a really impressive 14% transaction growth in that daypart. What they’ve done is, they’ve now taken that to an all day value menu play, which has only just started in the marketplace. I think, as I said, what is impressive is not only do we have now the market leading position for a lot of prices we now have the category leading position for every day great value. And so I think that you’re seeing these brands, particularly both of these brands strengthen in the marketplace.
Greg Creed: Yes, that’s something that we plan on addressing in great detail at the Investor Conference next Tuesday. And we’ll probably give you a couple of different ways to think about it and some frameworks. But we’ll mostly be focused on G&A as a percentage of system sales.
Greg Creed: Just taking the second part of that question, it’s correct I think we have about $900 million to return to shareholders for the balance of the year in terms of cash buybacks.
Greg Creed: Right. I think our original guidance was, we get this all done by spin. But the spin has actually moved up a couple of months from when we thought it would be done at the end of the year. Then on the second question on margin – future margin guidance for China, obviously, we’re getting that that benefit as Ted mentioned that we estimate to be, at least, two points, of course, that’s going to help our margins. But at this point in time, we’re not going to provide margin guidance for next year. But I think as the China team becomes a separate public entity they will certainly providing more detail on those kinds of issues.
Greg Creed: I think Taco Bell is doing a lot of things right. It’s not just the core product, it’s not just the great value. Their assets are in great shape. The customer experience they’re delivering is really, I think, as good as you’ll find in the marketplace. They’re obviously trying to make – this is becoming a incredibly culturally relevant brand, I think being a part of a millennial culture is what’s really driving this performance. So I’m very excited at all the things they’re doing, I think sets us up for a continued long-term growth just across the broad front of all the things you want great brands to be doing.
Greg Creed: Sorry. Look, it’s hard to say that. We’ve been doing a bunch of work just talking to different to millennials, Gen X, Gen Y, Boomers. I think where we’re what five weeks away from a general election, I think there’s just great uncertainty as to what’s going to happen in the U.S., in particular, as a result of the outcome of the election. It goes without saying that people are sort of trying to decide who to choose and what the impact will be on the economy. And I think people maybe just hunkering down a little bit. But that said, that’s why I think I’m even more pleased with the performance of KFC and Taco Bell in the quarter, because despite that uncertainty those two brands, I think, in being incredibly distinctive and disruptive and going back to the quarter, delivering great experiences, making sure the value was right. Those – that’s how you win even in a sluggish market. And I think there are lessons that we’re also applying around the rest of the world. I mean, KFC outside of the U.S. had a – had just a gangbuster quarter probably with the exception of Japan, developed markets, developing markets. You can ask me any country, and I’ll show you incredible sales growth. So I think the global growth of the KFC brand and the momentum it has and the strength that we’ve now got in the U.S. sets that up for particular strength. Taco Bell, as I said across all the fact that you want to a brand to be strong at is just paring ahead. And I think once we get through the election and then that uncertainty is removed, hopefully, the market will find some momentum. But I’m really confident that our brands can grow in either strong markets or markets that don’t have the momentum we’d love to have.
Greg Creed: So I guess my answer is, I think transaction would have been slightly positive. Obviously, we had a significant growth, as we said in breakfast, but I think without breakfast, transactions would have been slightly positive. I think the key to Taco Bell success it’s just not just the one show pony. We didn’t just do dollar menus. We also did Triple Double Crunchwrap in $5 boxes. So I think it’s our ability to have great value and value isn’t just what you pay, it’s what you get. And I think if you look at what’s in the boxes, or if you look at now the Sony promotion we’re doing right now, which from the millennial point of view, it’s an incredibly attractive promotional offer. I know the Sony boxm, the team is very happy with performance of the Sony box as we go into the fourth quarter, which is why we said we have momentum. So I think transactions were probably slightly up, ex-breakfast margins in the quarter, I think, we’re well over 21% close to 22%. I’ve been talking with some Taco Bell franchisees, I can assure you they love those sort of margins. And I think, as I see it with the work that Brian and the team is doing, we’re set up for continued success at Taco Bell going forward.
Greg Creed: Yes, look, I think we’re all reading the same reports, whether they’re industry reports or the newspaper, or what’s online. There’s no doubt that food from the grocery stores has declined. But not to say therefore some people aren’t choosing to cook more at home. I think the fundamentals of what QSR office, which is always convenience and value will always be there. And as I said, in any market strong markets or sluggish markets, there always be winners and losers. And I think, having the right tactics in order to ensure that you win is, what’s critical. And obviously, in the quarter, two of the brands delivered and we’ve got lessons from that. And I’m very confident that we can continue to apply those lessons to KFC and to Taco Bell and that we can apply those lessons to Pizza Hut. And there will be a lot more on the Pizza Hut story, but we’ll talk about next Tuesday. And I know that Pizza Hut team is looking forward to telling you about their plans to reignite growth in that brand as well.
Greg Creed: Yes, sure. Well, I think the good news is next Tuesday Artie will take you through a lot about the whole easy and better strategy for the U.S. And obviously, Milind will talk about what’s happening internationally. What I can tell you is during the quarter, the company same-store sales were 3 points ahead of system and transactions were 6 points ahead of the systems. So again, the company outperformed the system. And obviously, we’re working with the franchisees to bring them along to sort of deliver that improved performance across the entire brand.
David Gibbs: Sure. To give you the breakdown, we had a pricing impact of plus 1%. We had a mix impact of plus 3%, and we had transactions down 6% to deliver our same-store sales.
David Gibbs: This is David. Just on the question about the guidance for the quarter, we don’t, as you know, we don’t typically provide guidance for sales in the quarter. But we did obviously mention, that we feel better about the balance of the quarter. We’ve got some great promotions on the calendar in November and December that we’re really excited about. And that’s why we feel bullish on the balance of the quarter. But I’ll let Micky talk a little bit more about some of those promotions and the impact we’re expecting on the business.
David Gibbs: And some of that will be completed between now and spin and the balance of it will be after spin as well.
David Gibbs: Yes, we expect our overall A&P to be at the same level that we had always budgeted. We have made, because we had this margin benefit. We did invest some of it back. Some of it has gone into increasing – increase advertising spend on Pizza Hut. We think Pizza Hut got a good chance to recover momentum. We got soft laps for the fourth quarter. And we’ve got some very good promotions in November and at Christmas, and we’re putting additional money and advertising promotion behind those. We’ve also got some unique China only deals with international IP on films, movies. And also, we’ve got maybe three of the best celebrities available in China across the two brands, so that’s what we’ve made investments. But it’s all within what we’d originally budgeted. So if your question implies that there will be any deterioration and profitability on account of that, that’s not going to happen.
David Gibbs: Well, I guess, we’d always anticipated the fourth quarter to be the best quarter of the year in terms of core operating profit growth. And that gets into a lot of features of our business performed last year expenses that we’re lapping and things like that. I can’t give you a precise answer other than to say the guidance was raised, because we do feel confident that the fourth quarter with the momentum that our brands have and the plans that we have in the fourth quarter and how they’re tracking against those plans gives us lots of confidence and our ability to generate more profit than we thought this time last quarter.
Ted Stedem: Sure. On the VAT, as David said, we’re still in the early months of the implementation of the VAT and the impact it has fluctuated since it was implemented. In the third quarter, it’s fair to assume that the VAT was the primary driver of our margin improvement.
Ted Stedem: Yes, just to add to that David on the profitability overall for the quarter and even though the sales were not where we wanted them, operating profit grew very well. And our cumulative operating profit in three quarters was about equal to what we did in all of last year. So in some ways, the fourth quarter profit is going to be growth. And that’s a big credit to our teams, where as you know, we own our entire supply chain and control it very carefully. So we have very good control on input, taxes, et cetera, and that’s all helped us to get strong margin profit performance.
Ted Stedem: Sure. On the remodels, we’re planning to do about 780 remodels this year, and this is going to be about a 50% increase versus what we did in 2015. And year-to-date, we’ve completed a little over half. I think, we’d say, we’re getting great feedback from our consumers. We contemporized the experience. We’ve made the restaurants more youthful, more energetic. And overall, I think, it’s a very positive effect on the image of the brands, and we’ll give you more updates at our conference next week.
Ted Stedem: Yes, the first question on operating margins, obviously, as we move to an asset-light model, we’re excited about its signification expansion in our operating margins. We’ll give you a lot more color on the exact refranchising plans and how that would play out in terms of operating margin next week. And I’ll turn it over to Greg for the second question.
