David Gibbs: Sure, John. We talked about this a little bit at the Investor Day, when I presented what the $100 million of run rate CapEx and noted that we were contemplating an increase in equity development and also that we were seeing good opportunities to invest further capital to create more shareholder value and improve the strength of our business. That's pretty much how this is playing out. So the original $100 million of run rate capital hasn't really changed. What's changed is our interest in building a little bit more equity units, all of which will be -- the capital for that will all be generated by refranchising a comparable number of units. In fact the math on that is such that and this is why it's such a great shareholder value enhancing move. We get more money when we sell a store than it costs to build a new store. So we might get on average $2.5 million every time we sell a store and it costs more like a $1.5 million or less to build a new store. So we're seeing sort of an arbitrage opportunity there to help spur development in certain parts of the country particularly with Taco Bell where we do own a decent amount of equity stores. Some of the best examples are in your backyard in New York City where I was a couple of weeks ago visiting some of those great new Taco Bell's that have opened those stores are worth substantially more than what we paid to build them. So we're going to build probably more 40 maybe 50 equity stores this year when the original plans were only to build five to 10. So that's driving some of the incremental CapEx. And then on the other side of the equation on strategic investments, we're looking at things like the recent acquisition we announced in the fourth quarter of QuickOrder where we bought the e-commerce provider for Pizza Hut which I can tell you we're just one quarter in but has worked out incredibly well. Just actually this past weekend, left the Pizza Hut franchise convention and I was talking to some of the Pizza Hut franchisees there about us now owning QuickOrder and they are really excited about our ability to create enhancements real time on that platform and just having a lot more control over their tech future. But on the Pizza Hut platform, for example, there is a significant investment made to purchase that in Q4. It has some follow-on CapEx investment this year, we go through some contingency to the purchase price and then there's capitalized G&A that comes along with making investments in tech companies. So some of that is going to start to show up on our CapEx line. The good news is, as you noted, John, is we are recovering a lot of that -- a lot of our investment through service fees that franchisees pay for these to access these platforms. Again our commitment to the franchise community is we're going to give them the best technology at the best price but you'll see us recover the cost of these platforms which is why we say this is great for our franchisees, for our customers, and for our shareholders. So if you break the $225 million gross down the excess above the $100 million run rate that we had quoted before about half of that is due to equity development and half of that is due to technology and strategic investments.
David Gibbs: Yes, I mean and on the Grubhub piece, I think we are encouraged that there are different customers on Grubhub versus many of the customers that use Pizza Hut directly, so we are accessing customers through their platform in many cases where we wouldn't be able to access. That's why we're excited about the test. Back to the other part of your question, Sara, on the dine-in in the State, yes, Pizza Hut in the U.S. is the vast majority of our business comes through the delivery carry out channels but still close to half the assets are dine-in assets and there is still a long process to take those assets often which are in the wrong part of the trade area and reposition them to the right part of the trade area or if they're in the right part of the trade area and oftentimes upgrading the assets to modern standard. So the challenges of the dine-in in the state are very different internationally versus the U.S. In the U.S., we already have 90% of our business is off-premise but the assets are still a problem. Internationally, half of the assets are dine-in and the business has more of a 50/50 split to it so very healthy assets in most cases around the world though. Before we move on to the next question, I just want to correct a comment from the prepared remarks, some of you probably caught, there was a typo. As far as the 2018 impact from the KFC, UK supply disruption to Yum! that impact was 1% on core operating profit in the second quarter, not the 5% that was stated. So I just want make sure we all set the right number there.
David Gibbs: We continue to believe that Telepizza will be neutral from an earnings standpoint. What you may be seeing is the increase in franchise revenues relative to expenses, some of that's more related to QuickOrder than it is to Telepizza. But again we think Telepizza from a long-term standpoint, it's a great acquisition for us, we love their management team and their ability to leverage them over our existing markets and we're excited about how the integration is going and what it means for us from a growth potential. But the impact in Q1 was flat. There really was a profit impact from Telepizza.
David Gibbs: Sure, David. On the tax rate question, the guidance for 2019 is 20% to 22% and despite the low tax rate in Q1, we still feel like that's the appropriate guidance for the year. If you look back in past years, we do have a little bit of a cadence of having a lower tax rate in Q1 that's driven mostly by share-based compensation that tends to get exercised in the first quarter. Then on the second question on the KFC Global development, I mean we've been consistent in saying our goal is to ramp up the pace of development. We're pleased with the progress we've made. Obviously, Q1 in recent history was a record quarter for us in terms of net new units. And I do think the development momentum is widespread and will continue. We're confident that we can hit new highs this year versus last year. It isn't really sort of a timing issue. There is a good pipeline of deals for this year and for future years. You saw lot of the upside as in most previous quarters driven by Yum! China. And as I've talked about they're happy with the returns they're getting for KFC China so lots of reasons to be optimistic about global development.
Greg Creed: Yes, sure, Brian. I think it really, fundamentally starts with our focus on what we call RED, Relevant, Easy, and Distinct. As I travel the world and meet with the KFC teams, they are amazingly focused on making sure the KFC brand is more relevant, it's more easy, and more distinct. Now in some markets, we may go as distinctive and not as good as relevant and others we go as relevant and they're not as good as distinct. But I think the fact that we got absolute just laser like focus on making sure that each KFC Brand in each country delivers on RED. I think that's certainly helping. I think secondly, as I did say in the prepared remarks, I think the value like a pound of food for $3 which KFC U.S. run, that that may sound like simple communication. It's both distinctive and it's relevant. So I think that's great, the innovation that's happening. We're seeing a lot of great innovation, flavor innovation on existing forms and new form innovation also occurring. And then, Brian, as you rightly said, we've got delivery in click-and-collect and equally in the U.S. we're excited that later this year we'll obviously do what Taco Bell has just done which is put marketing muscle and effort behind delivery which we think we will accelerate that. So it's -- there's no silver bullet. It is really doing RED incredibly well; value incredibly well; innovation incredibly well; and a growing contribution from delivery. I think all of that is sustainable going forward and that's why we remain very positive about the KFC brand.
Greg Creed: Sure. Well I just say dine-in does lag by that seven points on the sales growth between off-premise and on-premise and so that is obviously a headwind that we continue to have to work with. I do think that the Pizza Hut brand particularly in the U.S. and internationally is doing a much better job at the foundations or the fundamentals. As David pointed out in his prepared remarks, temperatures improving, delivery times are getting lower. I think all of that is working, we're sustaining and we've got franchisee support to sustain obviously great value, so the $5 line-up. Adding Pizzone which is both great innovation and at $5 obviously I think will continue to help and you will see that play out I think later in the year. With regard to your question on aggregators, I think it's -- there's obviously a negative impact but it's hard to measure what the cannibalization effect is of aggregators on Pizza Hut, on the Pizza category. I think what's exciting for us is that we still think there's obviously a huge opportunity for Pizza Hut in the $40 billion Pizza delivery business to do better. But at the same time, the non-Pizza delivery market in the U.S. is worth about $100 billion. It's growing at 15% and now we're going to leverage Taco Bell and KFC to take advantage of that opportunity. So, yes, a little bit of negative impact but I see this whole opportunity of growth and delivery to be an upside for us not a negative. And as we've only got about 200 stores at the moment which are actually going through the Grubhub marketplace, it's not having a massive impact on our business. But I think the point you made is we are excited by the incremental customers we're seeing come through that marketplace. But obviously the vast majority of the business is still coming through Taco -- through our Pizza Hut traditional business.
Greg Creed: Yes, sure. So there are two parts to the question, look obviously the U.S. economy is in pretty good shape. We also, the GDP numbers for Q1 from the government, look I also do think though there is some sort of bifurcation going on in the marketplace which is there are certainly people that are making a lot of money and there are certainly people where value will always remain incredibly important. And so I think that our focus on as we've said earlier building these relevant, easy, and distinct. Part of being relevant is to make sure we've got the right value proposition for every customer we run in the marketplace. So we're going to focus on value. We're going to focus on innovation. We're going to focus on delivery and click-and-collect as we -- as we've talked about. And it really is sort of how that gets to your second question which is the ability for us to sustain value on all three brands is predicated on our ability to get franchisee alignment. And I think what David and I are fundamentally focused on is making sure that at the core, franchise unit level economics are getting better. And as they get better then obviously franchisees will hang-in on value, they will invest in new assets, refurbishing assets, they'll support innovation. And so, yes, I think the economy is in pretty good shape in the U.S. There are people who are benefiting, people who are not benefiting. We're going to stay on value, we're going to stay on innovation, we're going to stay on building these relevant, easy, distinct brands. And I'm really excited that the brands have worked incredibly hard with their franchise partners to ensure that we can sustain this sort of what I call really strong model going forward.
Greg Creed: Sure, Chris. It tends to be more focused, the dinner it tends to be larger packs. I always jokingly said, I think the Kernel 60 years ago invented the bucket realizing that one day we'd be delivering it because it's the perfect delivery vehicle. So I think what we're seeing is what we expected to see which is sort of a focus on dinner, a focus on big packs bone-in, and obviously it's incremental. And as I said, I think the bucket is a incredible delivery device. It really delivers piping hot, great tasting food. And I think that's also a benefit that the KFC customer is currently seeing which is getting restaurant quality food delivered to your house. So all going well. I'm looking forward to the launch of KFC delivery in the U.S. later in the year which I think will be an exciting time and we think obviously positive things will come out of that as well.
Greg Creed: Okay. Just some closing remarks. First of all, I want to thank you, thank everyone for being on the call today. Second, I'm pleased that we're off to a strong start in 2019. In fact when I look at the metrics that best indicate the underlying health of the business, so those without noise some special items or mark-to-market on our Grub, our investment in Grubhub. I think there's a lot to be excited about. We delivered 8% system sales growth, 12% core operating profit growth, and 18% EPS growth. So I'm very confident that our enviable business underpinned by unrivaled culture will deliver lasting growth that maximizes shareholder value in 2019 and beyond. Thanks for being on the call with us today.
