Pat Grismer: David, this is Pat. I’ll take the first part of your question and Greg will respond to the second part. So as to our expectations for full year, same store sales growth in China, at this stage of the year it still remains difficult to call. We’ll certainly keep you updated as the year progresses, but certainly based on everything we’ve seen to date and our forecast balance of the year, full year same store sales growth in China could be in the low single digits. We do expect both KFC and Pizza Hut same store sales growth to turn strongly positive as we lap the initial impact of the OSI publicity later this month. This will fuel a strong second half for China and enable us to deliver EPS growth of at least 10% for the year. Now I’d also point out that from a profit perspective stronger than expected margin performance has offset the impact of the slower than expected sales recovery in China and we expect that this will continue through the balance of the year, thereby preserving our overall profit outlook.
Pat Grismer: And John, this is Pat. I’ll just add a couple of other comments, which is that we feel very good about the productivity gains that the team has made in China. We believe that they are sustainable as Greg mentioned. They’ve not impacted customer service levels and frankly what they’ve effectively done is strengthen the underlying unit level economics, which not only gives us continued confidence to invest at the rate that we are behind new unit development, but also reinforces our belief that as sales recovers that we’ll see significant profit leverage in the business.
Pat Grismer: We don’t. John, this is Pat. John we don’t see a correlation. We think actually a very small percentage of customers have been impacted by that as to whether or not it is impacted broader consumer confidence, we have no reason to believe it at this stage if that is the case.
Pat Grismer: Hi Diana. This is Pat. Happy to respond to that question. I think what your implying is that maybe the full year guidance is conservative and I would say absolutely not and I do want to put it in perspective, because you have to bear in mind that we’re at that midpoint of our year. EPS is down 7% and as I said in my prepared remarks earlier, to achieve full year growth of at least 10%, EPS needs to grow nearly 30% in the second half of the year and I don’t think of that as an overly conservative number. Obviously it's heavily dependent on the results of our China division where profits were down about 30% in the first half of the year, and in order for China to deliver on its expected share of second half EPS growth, second half profits there need to be more than double of what they were last year. But we’re confident China can deliver this result, but with 60% of their profits being generated in the second half, I don’t think it’s prudent to adopt a more aggressive stance and lean in on this. Additionally as I mentioned, foreign exchange headwinds are much stronger than we had originally estimated, but this is factored into our overall EPS guidance. So I just want to make it very clear, we expect to have a strong second half based on continued progress in China and we fully expect to deliver at least 10% EPS growth for the year.
Pat Grismer: Certainly Diane. As I mentioned, our capital investment follows returns and so where we generate the higher returns is where we’re directing more of our capital spending. That has been the case for the last few years and just to put it in perspective, for the quarter 60% or 62% of KFC new unit openings were in Tier III and below cities. Back in 2012 that number was 53%. So you’ve seen a pretty significant shift there and then as it relates to Pizza Hut Casual Dining for the quarter, that business accounted for 35% of total division new unit openings. In 2012 that number was 24%. You can expect that those trends will continue, because again that’s where we see the stronger returns and our capital investment will follow the returns. I’m not going to give preliminary guidance for 2016 as it relates to either number of units or the mix of units, but I will tell you that we’ll continue to direct more of our capital investment money towards the higher return opportunities, which at the moment are with Pizza Casual Dining and for the KFC business in the lower tier cities.
Pat Grismer: Joe, this is Pat. I think it is fair to say that what the brand or the brands are recovering from is the incident from last year, because that’s what had the dramatic impact to sales starting in the middle of last year and we are continuing to recover from that. I think it’s also fair to say as we have said on previous calls and at our investor conference that the environment in China has changed in terms of becoming more competitive and so consumers do have more choice. That has raised the bar on us to innovate more than we have in the past, to keep pace with changing Chinese consumer and to continue to move even more aggressively on things like digital. So I think it is fait to say that the environment has changed, but that we are changing in response to that.
Pat Grismer: No, I mean I think that generally the economy is growing at a slower pace. So it’s fair to say that and that that is putting pressure on retail generally. I think we also need to bear in mind that with GDP growing this year at around 7%, it remains the fastest growing large economy in the world.
Pat Grismer: Brian, this is Pat. Nothing specific that has changed to drive that. Just as we step back and we look at the performance in the first half of the year, it’s fair to say that same store sales while recovering, haven’t been recovering at the pace that we had originally anticipated. Thankfully we are seeing that offset through improved productivity in the stores and those margin gains are therefore muting the profit impact of this lower than expected sales recovery. But make no mistake, the sales recovery is happening, not only based on what we see in terms of same store sales and the fact that in the second quarter we lapped a harder comp, so we got sequential improvement on top of lapping a harder comp. But also based on what we see in our key consumer metrics, which as Greg mentioned are a leading indicator of where sales will go. But we felt that it was important to acknowledge that sales are progressing at a slower than expected pace and that is factored into our full year EPS guidance of at least 10%.
Pat Grismer: Well, you’re right that we do expect the very strong same store sales growth in the second half, particularly as we lapped last year’s OSI incident and there are multiple indicators that substantiate this view; one year, two year, three year, four year comps for KFC. We look at absolute transaction volumes on a de-seasonalized basis, we look at key consumer metrics, which again are all moving in the right direction. So all of that together giving us confidence that we’ll get the second half bounce back necessary to achieve the profit growth objectives in China, which underpin at least 10% EPS growth for the year.
Pat Grismer: Jason, this is Pat. No change to our policy, which is to optimize our capital structure based on what we believe is in the best interest of shareholders, which is to maintain that low investment grade credit rating and so our policy hasn’t changed and no specific guidance as to what that capital structure might look like when we complete the three year refranchising program we announced in December.
Pat Grismer: Well, we look at our capital structure from an enterprise perspective. We don’t segment our balance sheet according to one part of the business versus another. So we have to bear in mind that in our China business we have a substantial equity presence with all of the operating leases, which function as virtual debt if you will, which plays into how we optimize our overall capital structure for our shareholders.
Pat Grismer: Hi Jeffery, this is Pat. I’ll respond to your first question and Greg will answer the second. First, with respect to what we’re seeing in the comps and whether when you look at various lengths of segmenting that we’re seeing material differences, the only thing I would highlight is that we are seeing stronger performance in our Tier I cities at both brands. It seems that the Tier I consumers are less phased by the supplier publicity this time around and I would say that that’s especially encouraging, because that’s where we have a higher concentration of stores and also face the strongest competition. So I think that’s further evidence of our brands ongoing recovery and resilience. There are some regional economies that are more dependent on industrial production and they are feeling more pressure from slower economic growth and we are seeing the effects of that in weaker sales performance in those regions, particularly in some lower tier cities and in response to that KFCs recently launched regional promotions with 10 RMB Burger to help stimulate traffic. That’s the only thing that really bears mentioning in terms of any variations in comps across the entire market.
Pat Grismer: And Sara, this is Pat. I’ll respond to your second quarter as to the timing around recovering the $600 million in EBITDA. We’ve never been specific as to a timeframe for that. What I want to let you know however is that we are absolutely confident that the business will return to those 2012 peak average unit volumes and we are absolutely confident based on the progress the team has made to improve unit level economics that as the sales recover there will be significant profit flow through on the sales. As to the timing of that, it’s tough to call and I’m not going to make a prediction based on that, nor am I going to talk about how that may play into the timing of any structural moves. Because our top priority regardless of what we do structurally is to bring that business back in terms of sales and profits and so that’s why the focus is as Greg mentioned earlier, on more disruptive innovation, continued strong value offers, all the things that we need to do to make our brand positions even stronger and in an environment that has over time become more competitive.
Pat Grismer: No, I think that’s a fair statement, because the underlying economics have gotten stronger. So as the sales come back, the flow-through will be at a much higher rate.
Pat Grismer: Andrew, this is Pat, I would just build on Greg’s comments by highlighting the important role that coffee will play in building multiple day parts. So while it’s an important part of our breakfast day part, it also contributes to afternoon tea time and it contributes to late night and we are very excited with the results we are seeing from coffee and how its lifted sales as the 2,000 units that have already gotten the coffee, the premium coffee program that we will expanding that to more units by the end of year.
Pat Grismer: Well, this is Pat, Andrew. We make those closure decisions one unit at a time. It’s not always a function of underperformance. There may be forced closures due to – we come upon the end of a lease and were unable to renew on favorable terms. So there could be a variety of things driving that, but we don’t expect a substantial increase in KFC closures for the full year versus last year, and in fact we expect total closures to be slightly down versus last year, because last year’s number was propped by substantial consolidation of the Little Sheep estate.
Pat Grismer: Jeff, this is Pat and I’ll respond to your question and Greg may add some things. But from the same recovery standpoint, our focus is primarily on traffic, its rebuilding traffic. From a pricing perspective our policy is unchanged, which is that we generally look to pricing to work with productivity to offset inflation. We are very conscious of the important role that value plays in building traffic over time. So we wouldn’t expect mix to be an outsized contributor to sales growth going forward. The emphasis will be more on traffic driven through a combination of value and innovation.
Pat Grismer: Paul I wouldn’t say month-to-month, certainly quarter-to-quarter. We never said that the recovery was going to be linier and so there is natural choppiness from month-to-month, but as we step back and look at how traffic has rebuilt since the incident last summer, we are seeing a nice steady improvement in that curve.
Greg Creed: So David, let me answer the second part of that question. I think the good news is that sales are recovering. We went from minus 12 to minus 10 despite a more difficult lap of plus 15. The good news is that the consumer metrics are improving trending in the right direction. As always, these are never linear unfortunately, but we do know that we compare this to previous recoveries. We’re going in the right direction, making progress across the board. So I feel good and we remain obviously bullish on China. We continue to invest in China and I think as you know, these customer metrics are the harbinger of future sales performance. So I think with all that said, we remain very bullish and confident and continue to invest.
Greg Creed: Yes, I think the slower than expected recovery – remember we’ve had two safety issues, which we’ve never had before alright, so we’ve never been able to model two safety issues and there’s obviously some slowness in recovering that. But there’s been no impact on our customer metrics as we measure from an operating point of view and so I think in that sense we are going to continue to push aggressively. We need to be more innovative and the way I look at it is, with where we are today, Pat’s giving you the right guidance, but we’ve still got six months of the year to go and right now what I’m trying to do is aggressively bring outside ideas from YUM! into China. As we said earlier, we’ve got really a number of that KFC businesses on file, whether that’s Russia, the UK, Australia or South Africa and I think there’s a number of product innovations, there’s a number of valued plays that those markets have played and I’m very confident that we can bring those to bear. And that said, I still expect a strong second half in China. Sales will go positive, we will continue to make progress and I think we can bring the power of YUM! to bear by taking those ideas from those powerhouse countries and have China test those.
Greg Creed: Yes, I mean if I was to make one last comment I’d say we need to balance value with innovation and there is no doubt innovating our way out of this is the best way to do and that’s what we’re going to stay focused on.
Greg Creed: I think as I said in my prepared remarks, we don’t want to talk about it. Obviously we review our shareholder proposals, but I can assure you the China team is focused on one thing; their number one priority and my number one priority is getting China sales back into sort of stronger growth.
Greg Creed: Yes, I think as we said David, obviously we saw sequential improvement from minus 12 to minus 10. The new menu items are accounting for that 15% of sales, so they certainly got traction with the customers. I think that’s also another good data point and I think the consumer metrics continue to show improvement. So I think you look at our continuous improvement. You look at the percentage of mix from these new items and you look at the continued improvement in our consumer metrics and I think that all bodes well. As Pat has said that we will have a strong second half. We will go into positive same store sales growth and I remain completely confident. Now can we take ideas from around the world between now and the end of the year and test those? Yes. Do I still have the sense of urgency? Yes. Could we do things more speedy? Yes. So as you probably expect, that’s occurring and that’s why we’re at the half year mark and there’s still plenty of time for us to still evolve and tinker with the calendar between now and the end of the year.
Greg Creed: The other way I look at it, there’s some great products outside of China that are doing very well, whether it’s the UK, Australia, South Africa or Russia. So what I’ve done is I’ve put the China team obviously in direct contact with those businesses and I know that a number of those ideas are currently being contested in China as we speak. So it’s been more that I’ve seen some really powerful ideas outside of China that I think have relevance in China and then I’d really ask the China team to concept test those and if necessary we’ll make changes to the calendar in the back half of the year.
Greg Creed: And just if I can build on that Joe, we have markets that are much more competitive than China that we compete in and we compete very successfully and so again we can use YUM! now to share where we’ve been very successful, in markets that have even probably two or three time the amount of competition. We can bring that knowhow to bear, to help the China team as they obviously move to more rapidly improve this out performance.
Greg Creed: But I think I want to make sure everyone understands, we still expect a very strong second half and that we will deliver at least 10% for the full year.
Greg Creed: Yes, Karen, thank you for asking a non-China question. In all seriousness, if our peers actually are performing, I think there is no one silver bullet to this solution. You saw us in the quarter playing at more stronger value which actually over the quarter did show improvement across the quarter’s performance and I expect that to continue going into the second half of the year. But this is a sort of total relook, which is we have to have assets to be upgraded. We have to have the compelling value, we have to have compelling innovations, we have to deliver superior experience. We have to improve our e-commerce digital experience. So there’s a lot of work that’s got to get done. I’m very confident in the team that’s in place to make that happen. We’ve got some new people onto the team in Pizza Hut, so we’ve invested in areas like digital, marketing, food innovation, e-commerce. As we said on the call, we’re actually getting into big data analytics and we’re really starting to see some early signs of – I think that will help us position the brand better and actually really understand where the business has gone to. So it’s holistic, we’re on it, we’ve brought people into it. I’m very comfortable and happy with the leadership that we’ve got in place to deliver on it. We’re not happy with the progress, but we are making progress and I think you’ll see us continuing to make more progress as the year unfolds.
Greg Creed: So just to talk about the positioning, I think yes, we probably have to find a better balance between innovation and value. Again, if I go back to the KFC markets that are really outperforming, whether it’s Russia, Australia, South Africa or the UK, what you will see in those markets is we have great entry price points, we have great value for money, we have really chicken focused innovation and we are really doing disruptive things in the markets place. So, I think that – and then we have, I guess it also goes without saying we have great leaders running those business as well. So I think that we are going to have to find more balance, but I am very confident that we can find that balance and I am very confident that we have got the ideas and resources around YUM! in order to accomplish that.
Greg Creed: Let me answer the first part of the question. I think with our Pizza business, strong U.S. – I’ll say strong global business, there is no doubt about that. So having said that, I think that outside the United States our assets are in much better shape than they are in the United States, but I do think in terms of things like value, e-commerce and digital we need to accelerate our progress in those areas. So I think our assets are in great shape, I think our food quality is in great shape. I think the food innovation is in great shape, but there is no doubt that I think value, as well as the whole customer experience and e-commence are areas that we need to make sure we remain competitive and as leaders in those places.
Greg Creed: I think the good news is the Taco Bell performance in the U.S. is holistic, which is it has great entry price point value. They’ve had growth in breakfast from 6% to 7% mix, which I think takes it to like $90,000 and the West Cost the mix is now over 10%. The innovation that was run in the quarter was compelling, disruptive and the assets are in great shape, the customer experience is improving. It’s holistic, its all of the things and at the same time obviously they are starting to experiment with things like delivery and on the cutting edge of that, the mobile app. I think everywhere you turn, this brand is so relevant to its target audience and I think so clearly positioned with products that are driven out of real consumer insights. I think that’s why they’ve had a great first half and that’s why we remain confident about how they are a great second in obviously 2016 and beyond.
Greg Creed: I think my answer would be having done this myself when I was running Taco Bell. You got to balance this out, which is you've got all these day parts that we are going to try and get growth from. And what we have seen in the past, even if we sort of over invest in certain areas, it’s better to have a balance spend behind breakfast, lunch and dinner and then even if you’ve got enough money, you know the day parts like late night and snaking, right. So I think that this is – we’ve got great product, we are putting the right amount of resource behind it. We got the current promotion on the wing bucket which is off to a nice start and I think this balanced investment behind all the day parts is the right way for us to invest in the business.
Greg Creed: I would just echo that, which is this is going to be a balance of disruptive innovation and value and I think the combination of those is exactly what we need to focus on.
Greg Creed: I think we remain very bullish on India. In the long term there is no reason not to – there is massive population and urbanization of that population and there is obviously underlying economic growth. I think that we did expect – I think with the Modi government change that there might be a sort of perceptible change in consumer perception and I guess that probably hasn’t had, we haven’t seen that. What I like is that, we have an incredibility strong team in India and I have to say they are probably the best team we have at building knowhow. The Indian team do not suffer from not invented here and they are really aggressively learning what we got and what is working as I said in countries like Australia, South Africa, the UK and Russia. And they are already concept testing and they recognize that value remains an issue; entry price point value remains an issue and obviously innovation, so the same things we keep talking about. But what I want to give them credit for is really reaching out to the rest of YUM!, building knowhow, taking the advise back into India and with a real sense of urgency, actually putting them into the market place. So I’m long term bullish. I love the team and I think they are doing all the right things in order to accelerate the sort of improved momentum in same store sales.
Greg Creed: Paul, I think there’s a couple of things; one, the amount of remodeling going on in China is accelerating. I enjoy what’s coming and I think they are on the way for us to be much more focused on our remodeling of the assets. So the good news is we are sort of doubling the number of assets we are getting remodeled. So that is a great way of keeping our assets relative and then I think it’s just back to the point we’ve been making along, which is about balance. We actually have to balance the pay menu with what I call disruptive innovation and wow value and I think our ability to do that, as well as it will improve the assets and obviously deliver a superior customer experience. All of those combined will be what sort of makes us long term successful and as we keep saying yes, we will have a strong second half, we will go positive. We remain very confident in the long term of China.
