David Gibbs: And look, that said, we're not wavering from our asset-light model, right? Our model is for franchisees to do development. Within that, though, we've been building a couple of Taco Bells, equity stores. To the point of your question, John, we are going to continue to do that. And then Habit, we talked about the data a little bit in the prepared remarks, but we've been really pleased with how Habit has gone through this and the resiliency of that business, and they have been building corporate stores. We'll continue to do that as we slowly open it up to franchising over time. So there will be company investment in mostly Taco Bells and Habit stores over the near term.
David Gibbs: Yes. The other point about delivery as much as we've seen delivery growth, we've also seen a lot of carryout growth with options like curbside pickup in a contactless way, which is obviously great for our operators because it's a high-margin business when you can do -- carry out in that way. So the growth that we're seeing, yes, delivery is one of the drivers. But carryout is very much growing at the same kind of pace.
David Gibbs: Yeah. Look, thanks, everybody, for spending time with us this morning. As you can tell from the comments, we're incredibly proud of the progress that we've made during the quarter. We were joking that April feels like it was back in 2018. It was so long ago. And what's relevant is the momentum we have coming out of the quarter. I think we've demonstrated that the business is incredibly resilient and nimble, that our teams around the world can move with speed to get new solutions out to meet customers' needs. And they've done that incredibly successfully. And really, what's happened this quarter is accelerated a lot of the strategies that we already had in place, which is a big positive in terms of the business that we do digitally. As we've mentioned, that's up $1 billion year-over-year, actually more than $1 billion. And we – that was part of our plan to grow that business, and we're proud of the progress we've made there. And even things like moving from dine-in assets to delivery assets, that's been accelerated by Q2 2020. So we're coming out of it much stronger, excited about the future. Yum! was, is and will remain a high-growth company for all stakeholders. I think we've demonstrated that this quarter. So thank you.
Chris Turner: Yes. Again, back to the comment I just made. We're committed to the asset-light model. We never rule out any possibility, but there's plenty of interest in getting into all of our different businesses around the world as investors have seen how resilient our business is. And we're not going to comment very specifically about the NPC situation, but other than to say we're working productively. There's lots of interest in that business, and we expect it to be in the hands of a capable franchisee coming out of this process.
Chris Turner: Great question, Sara. And it's obviously our intent to hold on to the gains that we've made. A lot of the gains at Pizza Hut and KFC have been from the fact that they offer great Family Meal solutions, which is right for these times. But one of the things that I'm really encouraged about all of our brands is the incredibly positive feedback we're getting in our customer satisfaction surveys. Customers that are – and the new customers that are being drawn to our brands during these times. So those two things coupled together says that we should be able to hold on to some of these new customers, given the great experiences that they're having and the new normal It's very hard, obviously, to predict what the world will look like six months from now. I think we're most proud that we've demonstrated how resilient our businesses and how nimble we are and how we can pivot to meet customers as their needs change. We know, like a lot of other retailers, we're looking at data about how -- what happens when customers do return to dining-in in certain parts of the country or in certain markets. And we see a little bit of an impact on that to our business, but not to the degree that will lead you to conclude we'll give up the gain -- all the gains that we've gotten here. So, it's a pretty bright picture in terms of what it paints for the future.
Chris Turner: Yes. Thanks, John. Good questions. On the Taco Bell store margins, I'd say, yes, obviously, 24.5% and outstanding result from Taco Bell. And I think the main takeaway for us is that shows how resilient the Taco Bell business model is, similar to what we've seen in our other brands around the globe. But I think that's the main takeaway for us is the resiliency. That was primarily driven by some things that probably are related to pandemic. So, we have seen higher average check sizes as consumers are buying more for family occasions than prior to the pandemic. We've also had some labor efficiencies as the dining rooms have been closed, and we've adjusted our operating hours for a bit. So, I'd say those two things were the primary things that helped. Of course, we had some things on the other side of the equation. We paid some extra bonuses to our front-line and had other COVID-related expenses. So, that helped balance it. So, I think it was a good story. But those two primary drivers of check and dining rooms, once those things go back to normal, those would be things that would sort of swing back to the other direction. So, I think the main takeaway is resiliency during the crisis. On third-party delivery, I think at the highest level, our philosophy remains we want to be accessible to our customers where they want to do business with us. And we build relationships with aggregators to serve that purpose. In terms of total delivery capabilities around the globe, we saw a more than 10% increase versus last year in terms of our number of restaurants. We're now north of 34,000 restaurants that offer delivery, up from just over 30,000 at this point last year. Part of that's driven by our aggregated relationships. Of course, we've got our own proprietary delivery capabilities and a number of those restaurants as well. So, it's a mix there. But I think in general, where customers are doing business with aggregators, we want to be there.
Chris Turner: Yeah. Look, Taco Bell was a bright spot for the quarter. If you look at -- they're basically flat on a two-year basis, and they made tremendous progress during the quarter. If you just look at our previous filings from sales results, you can see that they probably had the best results moving from April forward through the quarter. If you think about what -- in the U.S., for example, Taco Bell, with almost one-quarter of their sales is dine-in and the late night and breakfast business, they were impacted the most. So they had the most ground to make up. And now we've got into July, and Taco Bell, along with the other two big U.S. brands are all positive. So that's enormous progress given the hit to their business. It's due to the fact that they've pivoted really well, leveraging the option -- the menu that consumers love with items like the Grilled Cheese Burrito, that's obviously proven a hit. And the loyalty program, as you mentioned, which recently launched still in its infancy, but obviously has a lot of upside. The margins actually were somewhat of a record, tying a record for us for store-level margins in the quarter. So when you add all that up, it's the brand with a huge amount of momentum as we come out of the quarter. I'm very excited about the future for Taco Bell. The relationship with the franchisees, as you mentioned, couldn't be more positive. They've been great partners working through all these challenging times. Again, they were hit the most at the beginning of this pandemic. So they were the ones that were in some ways in the U.S. in the most dire straits, but quickly partnered together with the franchisees. Mark King and his team have done an amazing job to get the business on much more solid footing and with momentum right now.
Chris Turner: Yeah. Look, the return to 4% is not a matter of if, it's just a matter of when. And we have 2,000 franchisees around the world. The vast majority of them are coming out of this in good shape. But we have pockets where franchisees are still challenged. We still have a couple of thousand stores that are closed with our bigger presence in emerging markets and emerging markets struggling more to deal with the pandemic in their countries. That's a challenge, which all adds up to making it very difficult to predict exact timing on when we'll get back to our long-term algorithm. But again, there's so many positive things when it comes to development in terms of availability of sites, how resilient our business model has proven, which is obviously attractive to investors that want to invest in this space; the partnerships that we've developed with the vast majority of our franchisees to get through this together; and the positive feelings that creates and the interest in working together long-term to grow the brand. So it will vary by market. It will vary by franchisee in terms of when we get back to the algorithm. Obviously, Yum! China is already there, as they announced last night, which is very encouraging.
Chris Turner: Yeah. Just taking the last one first on the dining rooms. The reality is that we've got 24,000 dining rooms...
Chris Turner: That are close today. So – and in the U.S., we really just have a fraction of our dining rooms open. So when you look at the results that we're getting, when you talk about our – excluding closed stores, we still have a lot of stores that are opened with closed dining rooms, it's really quite impressive that we're able to get sales globally back to approaching flat, without those dining rooms in the majority of our stores. So it's not critical to our success. It's obviously something that we will return to over time when it makes sense. And the teams have developed all the right safety protocols to do that, as you can imagine with plexiglass on the front counter and cleaning captains in the dining room to make sure that we clean high-touch points every 30 minutes, all the different things that you would imagine, we – company – the largest restaurant company the world would develop to ensure the safety of our customers. But the dining room piece is really something that we've been able to overcome quite successfully in most markets. Certain markets, obviously more reliant on it, Pizza Hut dine-in restaurants, obviously, in some cases, very reliant on it. So it does – the story does vary. But on average, it's a pretty good story in terms of overcoming dining rooms. On the advertising piece, obviously, our advertising algorithms have been changed in this environment. And we're looking at different ways of promoting our brands. The promotions that we're doing with products have changed. You've heard announcements about us skinnying down our menu. We're advertising more core products, advertising more through digital channels. But for the most part, we're committed to continuing to spend the advertising spend that we – each of our brands has. It varies by brand in terms of what the percentage of sales they spend are, but we're committed to that for the balance of the year.
