Pat Grismer: It is a combination of both sales and spending. Clearly in the case of Pizza Hut in China our expectations for the first half are more muted and we expect their sales recovery to improve in the back half of the year. So, that'll be around the first half results. At the same time we have spending in some of our global brand divisions that will be more heavily concentrated in the first half of the year and then in the second half of the year we'll be lapping some of the investments that were made in G&A and so that will contribute to the shape of earnings over the course of the year.
Pat Grismer: Yes, first with respect to margins in China, I'm not going to bifurcate by brands but it is fair to say and as you've seen from the comps that we've reported that the sales performance at Pizza Hut Casual Dining was not as strong as for KFC in China. And that's largely due to more significant transaction declines in that business and so did weigh more heavily on Pizza Hut China margins in particular. And then with respect to development you're absolutely right, it's early days for the Pizza delivery business in China and so we will be picking up pace development for that particular concept as we look to temper the pace of development of both KFC and Pizza Hut Casual Dining in 2016.
Pat Grismer: Certainly, Keith. First in terms of margin performance in the three global brands, bear in mind our equity ownership in those three global brand businesses I think collectively is in the order of 10%, so it's a franchise driven business. But nonetheless we do focus on restaurant margins both for the benefit of our company as stated and importantly to ensure that our franchisees are realizing good returns on their investments. I would say overall we're pleased with the progress we're making on margins for our KFC global division to improve about 1 percentage point versus last year was quite a significant accomplishment, a combination of same store sales growth and productivity improvements contributing to that. At Pizza Hut equally happy with the progress we've made this year to your point supported by the commodity inflation as well as in the last quarter some sales growth. And then for Taco Bell another banner year with restaurant margins on a full year basis, we are on 22%. As we build on that momentum into next year, we are expecting our KFC and our Pizza Hut businesses to continue to realize margin improvement aided by same store sales leverage as well as more modest commodity outlook than we've seen in some years before. In the case of Taco Bell, my expectation is that margins will be up above 20% perhaps a bit below where they were in this year because of the more aggressive push on value and a more temperate approach to pricing. And then in terms of the refranchising, the teams are very much committed to realizing the objectives that we laid out to achieve 96% franchise ownership by the end of 2017. In the last 30 days Greg and I have met with each one of the global brand divisions to review their refranchising plans and their very discreet plans around specific geographies and pacing associated with that. Given the complexity of some these transactions, we would expect the refranchising activity will be more heavily concentrated in 2017.
Pat Grismer: Certainly, Diane. When we look at the 740 or so that we opened this year, about 350 were KFC, 280 at Pizza Casual Dining and the balance split between the Pizza Home Service and Little Sheep. When we look out to 2016 and our expectation of around 600 new unit openings, that’s about 20% reduction. That about 20% reduction applies almost equally to KFC and the Pizza Hut. So we're looking at deceleration in the pace of development for both KFC and for Pizza Hut Casual Dining. And we don't expect that, that is an indication of how things are going to play out much longer term. It's just that as I mentioned in my prepared remarks earlier, given current market conditions, we feel that it's prudent to dial back in that but we continue to be very confident in the value we will create from these investments as we're continuing to see cash payback to around three years and we know the long-term growth potential of the market remains significant. So we do expect that at some point in time the pace of development will increase for all brands.
Pat Grismer: Karen, what I'd highlight for both KFC and for Pizza Hut in terms of the emerging markets which remain strong overall given what we're seeing by way of system sales growth is that the same store sales growth has probably been a bit below our expectations for some of the emerging markets in South East Asia.
Pat Grismer: Certainly, and we'll start with China. We finished the year from a margin perspective in China stronger than we'd expected. And so our current expectation is that margins in 2016 will be about in line with 2015, so around 16%. As you mentioned we're expecting to realize some benefit from same store sales growth but we're taking I'd say a more tempered approach to pricing, given the focus on value as the team's emphasis is on building transactions, building healthy transactions. And so that may mean that we wouldn't take pricing that we might have in the past to fully offset inflation and we'll be much happier with an outcome where we'd build transactions with that margin, as opposed to growing margins. And so that's the outlook for China. As it relates to Taco Bell, I'd say things are a little bit similar in the sense that the emphasis will be on value to build on a great momentum we had in 2015. We are expecting modest inflation I'd say probably more than we've realized historically in the labor category for our company stores. We're anticipating there could be some movement in wage rates and I'd say modest outlook on commodity inflation for the Taco Bell business.
Pat Grismer: Well, first in terms of China margin for 2016, as I mentioned there will be much stronger emphasis on value in order to simulate traffic and as a consequence we're not necessarily expecting that pricing will fully offset inflation. What we're expecting by way of inflation in 2016 is about 1% for food and high single-digits for labor, but again we're not expecting to fully offset that to pricing, as maybe has been our past practice, as the team is refocusing on building transactions. We're counting on continued productivity improvements probably not the heroic improvements that we've seen in years past. If we do better than 2% to 3% comps in 2016, we would expect margins to improve but we're not planning for that right now. The other variable though is labor efficiency, because the team let's face it has consistently surprised us to the upside and that could provide further tailwind to China margins in 2016. We think at this stage guiding about flat margins year-over-year, is appropriate.
Pat Grismer: And Brian, that 5.25% that we referenced was for the entire debt portfolio of Yum!, not just the incremental debt. So just wanted to make that clear. 
Pat Grismer: And John, what I would add to what Greg has said is that we continue to believe that long term, 20% is an appropriate margin target for the China business. And you have to think about that in the context of where average unit volumes are today and where we know they can go. We're not putting a time frame on it, but we know that there is enormous profit leverage in the business, given all the productivity gains that have been made in the last two to three years. And that as the same-store sales continue to recover, we will see significant margin improvement. To your point, that is from comps, but I also wouldn't underestimate the opportunity for the China team to continue to realize some structural improvements in the business. They've consistently delivered well beyond our expectations. They have enormous capability, and I think that the next leg of productivity improvement in the restaurants will be unlocked by technology. And it's fair to say that the digital capabilities of our China business are the best that we have in our entire company. We are all very excited about how that's going to transform the customer experience and that will unlock further productivity opportunity in our restaurants and contribute to that improving margin over time.
Pat Grismer: And then, Karen, as to your question regarding the common POS, the team estimates it will take a couple of years to migrate all of the restaurants in the U.S. to a common platform. So they are targeting end of 2017 to accomplish that. It is a high priority, but given the extent of integration between those different POS systems and back-of-house and other applications, it will take some time in order to do it properly and minimize disruption to our business.
Pat Grismer: Certainly. In terms of the China comp for the fourth quarter, the 2% increase reflected a 4% benefit from pricing and then we also had a positive benefit or impact of mix -- sales mix, and then that was offset by some transaction decline in getting to the 2% comp. With respect to our leverage event and use of proceeds, as you know, a lot of it comes down to valuation and where things are at, at the time. So it's early to say exactly how we're going to be returning the cash.
Pat Grismer: Okay, Andrew. First in terms of the drivers of Q4 margin, we were very pleased with the performance in the quarter. Margins were up versus prior year about 4.5 percentage points, and here's how it breaks down. When you take the 4% pricing, add to it the mix benefit, and strip off the impact of the transaction decline, that's about a net 2 point benefit. On top of that, we had a 3 point benefit from productivity, and another 1 point benefit from closed stores. Offsetting that was a 1.5 margin attributable to inflation. Commodities were flat, but we had 6% inflation on labor. And so that's basically the lock to the 4.5 point gain in margin versus prior year. In terms of how we are thinking about 2016, as I mentioned before, the team is very much focused on building transactions. So while we do expect some modest inflation from a commodity perspective, up about 1% and high single digits for labor, we're not planning to take pricing to entirely offset that. We will look to some ongoing productivity improvements to help mitigate the impact of inflation. But the goal is to at least maintain margin year-over-year at around 16% and to achieve meaningful improvement in transactions.
Pat Grismer: Andrew, we thought it would be about 1 point of inflation from a commodity standpoint for the year, if you're asking about 2016. Between flat and 1 point.
Pat Grismer: Yes, I would say that we are very pleased with the progress we're making on the digital front at Taco Bell. You'll recall that we launched our Taco Bell app in the fourth quarter of 2014. To-date, we have about 5 million app downloads. When we look at the behavior of those customers who are ordering through the app, the average check is higher by about 30%. So we're very much encouraged by those early results. We are looking to build awareness of the app to drive utilization. And an important part of that is the introduction of a loyalty component to the app, a game. That was launched in late 2015. It's the first loyalty program of its kind that rewards social behavior and the first reward that was offered for customers who play the game was a free Taco Bell Freeze. So there is a lot of excitement around that. The app is also configured in a way that drives exploration of the menu. So it has helped to create a lot of buzz and a lot of active engagement with our heavy users, very high levels of social sharing of the rewards we've observed and the overall user response has been very positive. So the focus now is having launched the app and more recently, the loyalty program is to drive awareness. And so we do expect to see even greater trial in the coming months. The goal is, you know, for Taco Bell is to strengthen its position as an on-demand brand and so leveraging technology to do that is an important part of the brand's priority going forward.
Pat Grismer: Certainly, Paul. So first on China same-store sales, similar to recent quarters, performance was stronger in Tier 1 cities at both brands. Our view is that customers in lower tier cities have been more significantly impacted by the softening economy, particularly around the industrial cities, which have been more heavily affected by China's slowing export trade. But that's the only meaningful difference really to call out. And then as it relates to Taco Bell's G&A, as we mentioned, the increase in the fourth quarter was expected and it's fair to characterize a large chunk of the incremental G&A as being nonrecurring. So some components would include performance-driven incentive compensation, because they had an absolute blockbuster year, and so they were paid accordingly. We plan for a 100% payout, so that contributes to a year-over-year decline as we think about 2016. There were some investments that were made and some strategic growth initiatives that would highlight international supply chain development. I would also highlight the digital initiatives, like the ones we just talked about. And so that contributed to a spike in the fourth quarter. And importantly, we think about those as investments to sustain the positive momentum of the brand. I think good businesses that are strong performing businesses reinvest profit upside to sustain the momentum and that's exactly what's happened at Taco Bell.
Pat Grismer: Yes, for -- first of all, I will address your last question first, Joe, and that is that the slowdown in development for the Pizza Hut brand is only for the casual dining business, not for the delivery business. And then as it relates to the performance of Pizza Hut across cities, I would not attribute variable performance to development decisions and higher than expected cannibalization necessarily. It would be more a function of variable levels of macro pressure across these cities.
Pat Grismer: No Joe, the 20% -- the approximately 20% applies exclusively to the casual dining business. That's not a composite number for both businesses under the Pizza Hut banner.
Pat Grismer: For KFC and for Pizza Hut Casual Dining. We are not slowing down the development of Pizza Hut home service.
Greg Creed: Sure, David. Well I think first of all, obviously the macros which have got worse since December, since we were all together in December and I think we all know that macros impact casual dining more than they impact QSR. So, I think there's definitely that issue. I would agree with you that we've not had enough value in use to overcome this backdrop. I think we've also as we've spoken out in previous calls, there is a lot of discussion around steak and fajitas and there wasn't as much discussion if you just think about around pizzas. And so I think our ability to talk value but to talk value around pizzas, I think you'll see more of that going forward. So, yes, the answer is we got to focus on the core to strengthen our brand positioning. We have got to target value to increase transactions such as smart value across daypart. We also have to I think improve our in-store experience in order to stay ahead with the competition. And I think the other thing we have got to be a leader in digital we got to say relevant. And I think there's a lot of things that we can do in that market as well. To I guess round out the answer, we've got about five value programs in test for Pizza Hut in China. We're going to see some early encouraging results but that's going to take us some time to get into the marketplace and as Pat I said I think you'll see a much better second half than you'll see first half out of Pizza Hut China.
Greg Creed: Can I just add a point on the brands, just want to build on the point, Keith you asked. What I am really excited about, and I guess this is in Southeast Asia in January is that the positioning for the three global brands is really starting to be -- I am starting to see it on a global basis. So there is always original KFC whether it's this whole idea that we need to make it easier to get better at Pizza Hut and obviously a holding month at Taco Bell. I happened to be in Thailand, about less than two months after we sort of rolled out, need to make to easier to get better at Pizza Hut, I am in Bangkok and I am seeing really focused plans about what we have to do to get better and what we do to make it easy. So I think the thing I am really encouraged about is now that we have got this positioning clear for the three brands. It's the pace at which I am seeing that appear in the markets in 126 countries that we authorize that's giving me encouragement that we can continue to drive same store sales growth going forward.
Greg Creed: I think the discussions that I have been having with Micky are really around, we still see 20,000 plus restaurants on the horizon as an opportunity. I think that we still believe in the growth story of China, the consuming class, the EPS, the economics not what they used to be but it's still better than most other places in the world. And I think as we get these brands fully positioned and we get back to doing the things that we've spoken about that we need to do. I think long-term we remain still committed that this is at least in what I'll call my horizon 20,000 restaurant unit opportunity for the China business.
Greg Creed: Just let me talk to about whole question about value, I think the great thing is that Taco Bell is incredibly well positioned, it remains the value leader. But look, we've all seen what's been happening in the marketplace in the early year: five for $4, four for $4, two for $2, so let's not kid ourselves. So, there's been a fair amount of value initially out there. So as you would expect from a well positioned brand, they are back looking at the calendar, I think you'll see some changes that will come out. Obviously they have got this great new product launch coming out on Sunday, so I think that will have a positive impact on the brand. They will do the right thing and I'll make sure that they continue to be well positioned in the value leader in the marketplace going forward that's what you should expect great brands to do.
Greg Creed: Let me just start with that one. I will take that. I think the -- certainly the customer metrics -- certainly on KFC, the customer metrics are now back pre the incident, so I think it doesn't matter what metrics you look at. I would say all of those metrics are obviously way back. In an absolute sense, the Pizza Hut metrics are actually higher than the KFC metrics. Probably haven't regained as much momentum, but they are in an absolute sense higher. I think the other thing, just to address your question, is there's a lot of work being done on menu simplification as well. And so I think what we've got to do is, obviously besides looking at labor and other costs that go into it, is how do we simplify the menu so that we make it easier for the customer to speed up the experience? In KFC's case or in Pizza Hut's case, I think, you know, really deliver the best casual dining in-store experience in order to stay ahead. So there's a number of initiatives around simplified menu boards, box meals make it actually easier for the customer to order rather than standing in queue and lining up. So we're spending a lot of time making sure that the margin improvements do not impact the customer experience. And all of the evidence that I can see suggests that there is no impact on the customer experience. And Micky has the bit between the teeth on improving the speed of service, particularly in KFC. And there's a number of initiatives in place that I think will actually enhance that experience, enhance throughput, and obviously lead to sales and transaction growth.
Greg Creed: Okay, David, let me take one. We don't have obviously the sort of information we have in the U.S. We don't have credit and MPD data to try and get to the specifics that you're asking. I think we all know -- and we've seen this not just in China, but outside that casual dining is impacted by macros. It's just what happens. And it always has a bigger impact on casual dining when macros are volatile and changing than it does on the QSR business. So if I were to say what are the four factors, I would say macros. I think the second one would be not having enough value news in order to overcome this sort of macro backdrop, which is why we've got a number of macro tests in the marketplace right now. And obviously with a sense of urgency, we need to get these tests into the marketplace. I think there is definitely competition. There's definitely more competition in the marketplace. I don't think a lot of this competition is going to try and scale up on the broad scale like Pizza Hut is. And then I think that the last thing or the last point or factor I think would be aggregators, but that's a small percentage of total sales. So I would say it's macro, it's value, it's competition, and it's aggregators. That would be -- I can't put a percentage on for you. I know you would like it, but those would be the four factors. And that's why our response has to be focus on the core to strengthen the brand positioning, target value increased transactions, deliver the best in-store dining experience. And then leading digital, as Pat said, whether it's free Wi-Fi, queue ticketing, pre-ordering, and then partnerships with people like Alipay and WeChat to drive cashless payment as well as the loyalty program. So that's the things we're doing in response to the four things we see driving the performance we're not happy with in Pizza Hut China.
Greg Creed: Well, I think there's two things. First of all, we do have a number of tests, so I don't want anyone to go away thinking that we haven't developed a number of test scenarios. Now, I think the difference between KFC and Pizza Hut is, in KFC we can draw on proven ideas from the other 100 countries we've got KFC. There's less opportunity to do that, but I can assure you that Micky and the team are really focused on what I would call these value platforms being tested and obviously what we're trying to resolve the impacts. We need to see positive sales impacts and I think some of the early day test results suggest we're seeing sales impacts in these tests somewhere between plus 1% to plus 7%. So we've still got a long way to go. We've got to get them into the real world, but I am at least optimistic with what I'm seeing in the tests. But this is a hard slog. This is definitely a lot harder than KFC in China. We're going to have to work really hard, but we've got the right team in order to come up with the right ideas to overcome all the values that even macros or competitors put in our way.
Greg Creed: Let me start with the U.S. comps. I mean, they were plus 2%; it was our best quarter in three years. And I agree, it doesn't -- it sort of pales with the KFC two-year conservate and talk about a 10%, but it was our best quarter in three years. And as I indicated in my prepared remarks, I'm very encouraged by the start for 2016 for Pizza Hut. And what I'm encouraged about is how rapidly this whole idea of we need to make it easier to get better is going around the world. I know that in the past if I had turned up in Bangkok two months after we came up with an insight of easy beats better, I probably would not have seen that being impacted or reflected in the work either to make us better or make this easier. So I'm encouraged by the start for Pizza Hut in 2016. I have confidence that you will see us deliver sequential improvement in same-store sales this quarter versus the fourth quarter. And every journey has to start somewhere and I think that journey started in the fourth quarter of 2015. And then I am encouraged by how rapidly we are taking this idea and seeing it now being impacted and addressed by all of our teams around the world.
Greg Creed: Jeff, I think to answer your question, they are still low with the percentage of the sales mix. I think in Q4 I think at KFC, they were about 2% of total sales. I think Pizza Hut Casual Dining was about 2% of total sales. I think Pizza Hut other service was about 30% of total sales, but obviously that's a small part of the pizza business. Yes, we are obviously working with these aggregators and we continue to participate with them. I think -- I would like to say they are now turned, so we don't lose the customer data or erode our brands in that process. So I think that's the critical part of the relationship is that the aggregators like working with big brands like us and we like obviously not -- making sure we keep our customer data and we make sure that we keep our plan positioning really clear in this marketplace.
Greg Creed: Yes. Look, I think, as I said, of the four factors that are impacting our business, when I spoke about earlier, I think for Pizza Hut, which were; macros, value, competition, and aggregators. I think they are the fourth. I think they will probably stay the fourth. I think our ability to deliver new value news in the marketplace will be a much greater driver of our improved performance than I see much growth with that. But it will continue to grow. There is no -- I'm not suggesting it won't continue to grow, but I think that because we have strong brands and the aggregators want to work with us as strong brands. I think that puts us in a more driver's seat in terms of how we play with them versus the small guys, who I think the aggregators will have different terms and arrangements with. So I feel good about where we are. I can tell you that the China team is all over it. Micky is very well versed. He's definitely met with the aggregators personally, so we're watching this. It will grow. But I think in that growth and value will be in the short term more important for us to address.
Greg Creed: What I really love about it is the customization that is going on. We recently just got certified by the American Vegetarian Association for Taco Bell. And we can highlight that -- we probably can't run an ad on TV to highlight that, but using the app, we can. And it's really interesting to see that we are actually getting people customized out of beef and into beans as a protein. And from a margin point of view, that's really good for us. But it also makes the customer happy. So what I love is that we can use the mobile app as a vehicle to actually talk a more discreet story about the brand. It's a great story, it's a good story, but it's something we wouldn't traditionally do on mainstream TV. But we can use this to get that message out, and that's making the brand more relevant. And making any brand more relevant is the name of the game. A - Steve Schmitt Thanks, R.J. Okay two more questions.
Greg Creed: The way I look at it, look the new plants that you -- trees that you plant and the ones that are growing both need water. You just can't throw water on the new plants. You got to throw water on the big strong trees to make sure they continue to be big, strong, and keep going. And that's what I saw in that investment in the fourth quarter. I'm glad we made it. I'm delighted we made it. It was the right thing to do, and you are going to see that in the performance of Taco Bell going forward.
Greg Creed: Okay. Well, I think that wraps it up. I want to thank everyone for being on the call today. Thank you for taking the time to be with us. And I know I've said this as well, but I do want to thank Pat. Pat joined Yum! at Taco Bell when I was the CMO and he was the Head of Strategic Planning. He has been a true friend. He has been a great resource. He has been a great leader, and I want to thank him. And I want to wish he and his family all the very best for the future. Thanks. Thanks everybody.
