Christopher Turner: Yes. Thanks, Jon. Good question. First, let me just reiterate a couple of details on the G&A guidance. So we expect that ex special G&A on a 52-week basis will be flat to slightly down. As we mentioned on the last call, that assumes a target level of incentive compensation. So that's one factor that could move as we go through the year. But on the factors and levers that help us to achieve that plan first, there are some onetime factors at play. Examples of that include lapping the cyber event last year, a couple of small remnants of the Russia overlap and some lapse of incentive-based compensation last year. Now on the other side, we do have some expenses related to the acquisition of the stores in the U.K. We expect that will add just under $10 million to our G&A in year. But those are the [ best ] set of factors.  If we go to the longer-term levers that we're pulling, we continue to drive our resource optimization program, which has allowed us to find efficiencies in legacy parts of the business, part of which we've used to fund investments in the D&T strategy. You saw some special charges this quarter which included the impact of some of those moves that we make, but that helps to drive productivity in the business going forward.  And finally, as you say, we continue to bend the curve on the impact of our D&T investments on the P&L. This happens as we deploy more and more of our technology through increased franchisee adoption. And of course, we're continuing to better leverage our scale and how we operate internally in digital and technology, which is allowing us to do more together across the business. All of that is in service, delivering more, better, faster, cheaper and safer technology to our business, as David said earlier, but bending that curve is a part of the long-term plan. 
Christopher Turner: Thanks, John. Look, if you go back over the last few years, we saw the importance of digital and technology to Yum's! future and we invested ahead on behalf of the system to build those capabilities and put them in place across Easy Experiences, Easy Operations and Easy Insights. We thought that was the right thing to do for the business, and it did create some pressure on the G&A line as we did it. As we deploy our platforms to more and more markets and we get increased adoption, of course, that happens when our franchisees see the business cases coming to life and the improvements in their economics and the way the technology impacts their consumers and their team members.  And we're, as we shared on the call, continuing to drive those deployments. In fact, we're now starting to bundle some of those deployments. At Taco Bell, for instance, we are driving both the AIM inventory management in addition to the Trax back-of-house system at KFC U.S. We'll be deploying the Dragontail kitchen display system along with the Poseidon POS system. So we're bundling those together. And as we create more and more examples and proof points of the impact, as we talk to franchisees in additional markets, it becomes easier to prove the business case that our technology is delivering. So that's what supports the long-term deployment path as we move forward.  Obviously, we have to continue to make investments in things like AI, better leveraging our data, as David mentioned, and as you said, in continuing to enhance the existing platforms that we have. But as we bend the curve, that reduces the net P&L impact over time. And so in the long run, we expect us to get increasing leverage on our G&A and the G&A as a percent of system sales should come down over the long run. 
Christopher Turner: Yes. Great question. Look, in all of these deployments, this is us partnering with our franchisees and, of course, they co-invest to bring these platforms to their businesses and they only do that when they see a strong business case. So if you take Taco Bell U.S., which is the one market where we deploy the most of our platforms in combination, I think the tremendous sales results there as they've gone from essentially no digital sales in 2018 to well into the 30% mix now demonstrates the power of the combination of those platforms. In every market around the globe, as we shift sales from nondigital to digital channels, we see increases in check size, we see increases in frequency.  Now as you said, you don't see all of our franchisees' P&Ls. But on the productivity side for our franchisees, I think our development momentum is the best proof point that digital is adding to unit economics. That's the driver of us continuing to set records on unit development around the globe, and the digital and technology impacts on their P&L is an important part of that. So all of that is enhancing the business model. But as we said, we think we're just getting started on the value creation potential from these platforms and capabilities. 
David Gibbs: Appreciate the question, Brian, and I agree. Hitting 8% in this choppy environment, we're proud of our ability to expect that kind of a result. And I think it speaks to the resilience of our business model and the talent of our leaders. As you know, we don't provide quarter-to-quarter same-store sales guidance, particularly in an environment like this. We're preparing for various scenarios to get to the 8% number. Obviously, one of the lever -- one of the strong levers we have to pull to get to the number is on the development front. And we feel really good about the pipeline that we have in place in development from our partners around the world, and that's something much more so than same-store sales because we can count on to get to the 8%. But as far as forecasting same-store sales growth in this environment, obviously, it's very difficult given the impact that we're seeing. 
David Gibbs: Thanks, David. Yes. Look, we feel great about our twin engines of growth, right? 80% of our profit comes from Taco Bell U.S. and KFC International. In the international business, to your question, 85% of our profit from KFC International. And if you look at the areas of the world that are less impacted by the Middle East, like Africa, for example, our system sales, you'll see in our release, was up 22%. Latin America, less impacted, really no impact, up 11% -- I'm sorry, Latin America, up 22%; Africa, up 11%. I recently actually made a trip to Africa this quarter with our team and was just blown away by the progress we're making on the ground there, where we're the leader in the industry, and we're widening our margin in terms of that leadership.  Whether it's South Africa, which we visited, or Kenya where we've got franchisees that used to be part of our -- the company's system, who's building our brand the right way there, launching breakfast, the employer of choice in the country, leveraging menu innovation to take and actually inspiring some of our innovation around the world. So if you look at places like that, the business is real healthy and doing well. The other -- the impacted parts of the world are obviously much more challenged. But we still see impressive results for KFC International growing system sales 6% in this environment. And if you adjust for Middle East, that's 8%, 9% kind of system sales growth.  And very importantly, we highlighted this in the earnings release, KFC International with net new unit growth up 10% shows the strength of the quality of the development pipeline that we have, which obviously bodes well for the future of the brand. But as far as the international consumer goes, it's probably more of an emphasis on value than there has been in past quarters. We're seeing the same thing in the U.S. That's one that we know with KFC, we're well equipped to navigate. 
David Gibbs: Yes. And just to get in, if you're looking for specifics, as you can imagine, when we move people to digital ordering, we see an uplift in check in almost every case, whether it's kiosk or online. When we move people to things like Dragontail, we know we get a -- for Pizza Hut, we know we get a 4-minute savings on delivery time of pizzas and we know we can get drivers to deliver more orders per hour by using it.  So to the point of your question, the measures and the financial results from the rollout of these things, there are use cases all over the place for how this improves unit economics for franchisees, which ultimately is the heart of our business. The better their unit economics are, the more they build, the more they can afford to offer the right prices and value to customers and so on. 
David Gibbs: Yes. Thanks, Dennis. I think we referred to this somewhere but I'll -- just for completeness, so in Q1, obviously we had a lot of impact by the weather during the quarter. Our business generally improved sequentially during the quarter. Taco Bell, as you know, is 75% of our U.S. operating profit. Taco Bell improved throughout the quarter. And into Q2, we are seeing an acceleration of same-store sales growth trends. So we're feeling good about how Taco Bell is positioned. Remember, they just launched the Cantina Chicken menu at the end of Q1. So we're excited to share the results of that. But suffice to say, it's been well received by consumers.  And we think Taco Bell is incredibly well positioned for what I would describe as a more normal consumer environment today. Customers care more about value in the U.S.. Taco Bell, we know from the industry data that value is more important and that others are struggling with value and that Taco Bell is a value leader. You're seeing some low-income consumers fall off in the industry. We're not seeing that at Taco Bell. So a really favorable setup for Taco Bell, which you probably can say about any environment that they operate in given the strength of the brand.  And for Pizza Hut, obviously, the lapse in the quarter were unusually large. We always intend to lap anything with positive sales. We didn't do that at Pizza Hut U.S. But we are positive on a 2-year basis and we actually did see an acceleration of Pizza Hut's 2-year trends in Q1 versus Q4. I'm excited about the calendar that Pizza Hut has for the balance of the year as well in the U.S.  For KFC, it's a different story. The KFC brand in the U.S. has been struggling. And I think we're excited about some of the work that's going on behind the scenes to really boldly reset the brand in the U.S. We have a great playbook for KFC, which is our global business, our international business [ is on fire ], as I talked about before, the underlying business. We know how to bring that brand to life to connect with consumers around the world, and we have to do a better job of that in the U.S. It's a small part of our operating profit. Obviously, it doesn't really move the needle in the Yum! growth equation, but it is something that's a high priority for us as we move forward. 
David Gibbs: Sure. Thank you, Sara. The first part of your question, no, I don't think we're doing anything special. We've obviously had a lot of experience in the past being -- with the global footprint we have of dealing with different issues around the world, and we have a sense for how these things recover. But everyone is different and time is usually the answer to most of those problems.  As far as unit growth goes, yes, it is true that a lot of times when we're building, we're building particularly with our footprint and our emphasis on development. We're building in emerging markets which tend to have lower average unit volumes. That's how we built the powerhouse business in China back in the day and it's how we're building out markets like India, which tend to have lower volumes.  But we're also excited about a lot of the development agreements and new franchise partners that we're getting in Western Europe, for example, and some other markets around the world, which are much higher volume markets. And I think it will always be a mix and it will probably always tend to be lower volume than our typical average volume. And that's fine because these are markets that tend to start out with lower volumes and grow faster than a traditional market, and we've seen that all around the world over the last few decades as Yum! has built out its footprint. 
David Gibbs: Thanks, David. Obviously, we didn't anticipate the weather impacts in the U.S., for example, in Q1. So it generally was in line with what we expected, perhaps just a tad weaker. But to the point of your question, as we go into Q2, as I mentioned earlier, the Taco Bell business is picking up strength. We are generally on track with our projections for the year, which is why we feel comfortable with our operating profit commitment and the long-term algorithm. But it is going to be a challenging year, and we have a great team out there tackling the challenges. And in any one of these challenging years, it's always an opportunity to grab market share as well. We're doing that through development with the pace of development that you're seeing.  And I'll just close with a few comments about the business. We talk about this a lot, but I think this was a quarter that really demonstrated how resilient this business is and how we can navigate just about anything thrown our way. The fact that we're sitting here in this first quarter in this choppy environment and we're able to put up 6% core operating profit growth and reconfirm that 8% plus target, I think, is a testament to the levers that we have to pull and the talent we have around the world.  Our twin growth engines which are 80% plus of our operating profit, Taco Bell U.S. and KFC International, their underlying strength of their business is obvious when you look at the 10% unit growth at KFC or you look at Taco Bell's performance with low-income consumers in a value environment and the acceleration we're seeing in 2Q. Our development machine, we actually just put up the second highest quarter for gross development in Yum's! history, obviously on track to meet or exceed that 5% development target.  And then very exciting, the digital inflection point. Passing 50% digital is something I don't think people thought was possible just a few years ago this quickly. It's a real testament to the quality of the teams that we put together. And as you can see from our prepared remarks, we are not at all resting on that as a key accomplishment as we lean in on things like AI and the use of our data to separate ourselves from the rest of the industry.  I'll leave you with one final fact which I heard just the other day which really goes to the core of what we are and the strength of our business. Since January of 2021, 25% of all the Yum! units in the world have been built. That's how new our asset base is. That's how fast we're developing. Think about the impact that, that has on the consumer in terms of how fresh and modern our brands are. Since January '21, 25% of our store base has been built. We don't see that slowing down at any time soon. And in a choppy environment this year, we're very confident that we can get through it, strengthen our business and come out of it delivering that 8% core operating profit growth.  Thank you for your time today. 
