David Gibbs: Yes, I think, and one of the keys to India is, we have been in added in India for quite some time and we now have the perfect partner Burman Hospitality and given the fact that we've been building the brand over time and now we have the right party – partner with that’s ready for growth.  That’s going to always be our challenge around the world is establishing the brand and finding the right partners and as you say, Liz is doing a good job of going out and striking those deals with the right people on building the brands.
David Gibbs: It’s a good question, John. As you know, our franchise-base tends to have the larger typical franchisee has about 25 stores which is much bigger than most in the industry. And there are pockets around the world where we would be encouraging consolidation where we do have a more fragmented base in a country.  But in general, we like the model of having bigger, better capitalized, more capable franchisees. We view that as a competitive advantage that we have really professionally-run organizations helping us to build our brands. But I don’t think we have some – to answer your question, I don’t think we have some big strategy to consolidate. We already have a pretty large number of stores for a franchisee.  And then as far as monitoring leverage obviously, as part of being a world-class franchisor, we are putting the brands in the hands of our franchisees and we need to make sure that they are all in the best financial health and most capable to grow the brands. That’s a big part of what we do working with franchisees to make sure they have the right kind of financial structure to succeed.  And with 2000 franchisees, there will always be situations that we have to attend to. But in general, around the world across the three brands, we feel like our franchisees are generally in good health. 
David Gibbs: And on the Pizza Hut question David, your assumption is correct. The stores that we would be closing would be lower volume units. So we will have less of an impact on system sales. Just as a little bit more detail on that, if you think about it, we have a lot of stores that were built in the right spots 30 or 40 years ago in the trade area.  But that's not the right spot today to have a modern delivery asset and if we can get those stores closed and then put in the right spot in the trade area for delivery, obviously there is going to be upside to sales for those units and better economics for the franchisee, better system sales and a better image to our consumer.
David Gibbs: Yes, I mean just to comment on sales. Obviously, we had a very strong first half of the year. But we do expect trends to return to more of our long-term guidance range in Q3 and beyond as laps get tougher. But we are obviously pleased with the progress in the first half of the year.
David Gibbs: Yes, I think we're really pleased, obviously with the progress we've made on ramping up KFC development and as you know, it keeps getting stronger every quarter. It obviously helped China, as you saw just up their guidance for unit development and that China is having a lot of success with KFC.  We are not going to really provide guidance by brand, development and obviously some of the tailwinds we have going on at KFC from new unit development will help offset a little bit of the challenges that will have on unit count at Pizza Hut, which is why we think when you net it all out over the long-term, we will be able to continue to grow Yum! that's 4% rate on average.  As the base keeps getting larger, that means that unit counts will keep going up. But KFC is having widespread success. You can see it in the numbers. System sales growth all - and that leads to better unit economics and franchisees are putting their money behind those better unit economics and building more stores.
Greg Creed: I think they are also very engaged in their business right now. We had record attendance of the franchisees at the recent three brand AMPM. So, that’s really good to see when they coming to want to understand why the brand is performing well.  What we are doing on a global basis, so we can share best practice. So, I am very encouraged by, I guess, their energy and their commitment to growing our three iconic global brands. 
Greg Creed: Sure. Let me just – I’ll talk about Pizza Hut and all the brands. I think we had a good transaction quarter. Obviously, as you said, Pizza Hut U.S. trends were up 3, international trends were up run, Taco Bell trends were up 3, and our global KFC trends were also up 3. So, it was a strong quarter from a transaction point of view.  I do think, at the same time, value, even though the customer is in a healthy position, value remains a priority and making sure that we don't walk away from both everyday and disruptive value. So it's about finding that fine line between everyday and disruptive value, and obviously, driving transactions.  On the aggregator front, I think what we are clearly learning is that, there are people that are loyal to Pizza Hut. There are people that are loyal to GrubHub in our case. The way to grow our business is to increase reach and penetration.  And our ability, I think to partner with both GrubHub and as a party to the sort of Pizza Hut brand enabled just to get broader reach and with broader reach and penetration, we're going to get transaction and sales growth.  So, I hope that answers the question. But we are encouraged by our partnership with GrubHub. I think it's incremental. But at the same time, very focused on transaction growth for all three brands.
Greg Creed: Yes, John, again your numbers are roughly right. I think we have as of the end of the quarter 7,449 Pizza Hut assets in the U.S. Just a clarifying comment on that, 6,100 of those are traditional restaurants and about 1,350 are express units.  I know sometimes, as we calculate percentages of dine-in and stuff, you could use either base, but within our traditional base of 6,100 close to half are dine-in, as obviously as part of the 7,449 it's a smaller percentage.  But, as far as the numbers and how the math works, it's hard to estimate how soon the timing of when a store will close and then, when the replaced unit will open. There will be gaps on some of those certainly. Our goal is to try to minimize those gaps.  So, it's a little hard to pinpoint an exact number, but - and that's why we provided the guidance of the store count at any point in time over the next few years could dip down close to that 7,000. But we ultimately – we know that the economics of building a modern delivery asset work quite well for us and that any – for the most part, any area, trade area where a store closes, there should be the opportunity to rebuild the store in that area or somewhere nearby. As far as the capital required to do this, we are committed to the asset-light model at the 98% franchise and we think the economics of building a new unit stand on their own and we should have no trouble getting either existing or new franchisees ultimately to rebuild in these trade areas.  But, as we get into the specific situations and sort them out, there may be some situations where we deploy a little capital in the short-term to flip a market and get it in the hands of somebody else and take our capital back out. So we'll update you on that part of the journey as well.
Greg Creed: Yes, sure, obviously, David, as you saw the momentum was really broad probably the broadest momentum we've had in KFC. I think I give credit to Tony. We had probably been focused on driving what we call, one extra transaction, one extra occasion from a frequency point of view. And what Tony has got the business focused on, as I said earlier is driving reach and penetration, i.e. broadening the user base.  We know exactly what drives both reach and frequency and what I am really excited is that, he and Catherine Tan, the CMO have pivoted the brand to really helping us drive the reach. And so I think that's also the reason why the transaction growth was so strong in the quarter at plus 3 internationally, which is really half of our same-store sales growth.  So - and at the AMPMs last week, which we sat through, I think David and I was so impressed with the consistency of what we saw. People are focusing on a very clear, simple and aligned global brand positioning.  They are executing it and a lot of the tactics that we saw, I think even across markets developing where consistently strong and I think broad based. So, we feel really good about the leadership of the brand, we feel good about the positioning of the brand. And we feel good about this idea, I think of pivoting a little bit from just trying to drive frequency to driving reach and frequency.
Greg Creed: Sure. I think when you deliver a plus seven on 3 trends you are doing everything really well and I think that's very true of Taco Bell obviously delivery is helping the business. Value continued to help the business. The innovation is really spot on. They are doing great cultural icon things like the hotel, which sold out in two minutes.  I probably had more customer complaints about they couldn't get a room at the hotel than I've had on anything in Taco Bell in the last five years. So, I think they are doing very well. The calendar for the balance of the year looks strong. Obviously, we do start to roll out some pretty big numbers. Q3 and Q4 we are rolling out, I think plus 5 and plus 6.  But I hope, I think we feel good about two year trends hopefully can be, I guess, pretty much where we were - and maybe in the first half or just a little bit were softer, but just a little bit - a little bit softer maybe, yeah. But I still feel good that the brand is in a great shape, doing the right things and we feel good about the long, long-term for this brand.
Greg Creed: Yes. Sure, well, the supply issue was limited to 10-inch tortillas, so things like quesadillas and burritos. It was, it was also limited regionally. It wasn't across the whole system. It probably impacted us for about nine days and did it have an impact on sales? Yes. Was it material? No. What we clearly – was it clearly unacceptable to run out of the core menu item?  Yes. Have we taken them out with our supplier? Yes. So, but I think the key takeaway is, it had an impact, but we don't believe it was a material impact. And we, our objective is to make sure we don't obviously run out of core menu items going forward.
Greg Creed: Okay. Well, thank you everyone for being on the call today. I am thrilled to be able to share such strong Q2 results with you with obviously broad based contributions from each of our iconic brands driving impressive same-store and system sales growth.  And we have long expected and discussed a slower growth second half of 2019 owing to more challenging laps and the loss of some discrete benefits like lapping the UK, KFC UK distribution disruption.  However, I am confident that our enviable business, underpinned by unrivaled culture will deliver lasting growth that maximizes shareholder value in 2019 and beyond.  Thanks for being on the call. Appreciate it.
