Steve Schmitt: Thanks, Christie. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. On our call today are David Novak, Chairman and CEO and Pat Grismer, our CFO. Following remarks from David and Pat, we will take your questions. Before we get started, I would like to remind you that this conference call includes forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to future events and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from these statements. All forward-looking statements should be considered in conjunction with the cautionary statements in our earnings release and the risk factors included in our filings with the SEC. In addition, please refer to the Investors section of the Yum! Brands’ website to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used on today’s call. We are broadcasting this call via our website, is also being recorded and will be available for playback. Please be advised that if you ask a question, it will be included in both our live conference and in any future use of the recording. Finally, we would like to make you aware of the following upcoming Yum! Investor events. Our first quarter earnings will be released on Tuesday, April 22, 2014 and our Taco Bell Investor and Analyst Conference will be in Irvine, California on May 15. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to David Novak. 
Steve Schmitt: Okay, Jeff, we have to get moving aside, we are running out of time. Christie, next question please. 
Steve Schmitt: Okay. Well I want to thank everybody for being on the call. We have recognized as I mentioned earlier that 2014 needs to be a show me don’t tell me year and we’re very confident that we have a strong bounce back year ahead for Yum! Brands of EPS of at least 20%. As always we will keep you informed along the way as we have any new news we will be clear and transparent unless you know what’s going on but I’m personally very excited about this year and the whole of our teams I can assure you are really dedicated to bringing it home. So thank you very much. 
David Novak: Well, first of all, as a reminder and as we discussed in New York, there are multiple paths to our profit growth goals in China for 2014. It is earlier in the year, but we are pleased with the trends that we are seeing in China and we are confident in our ability to deliver against that target. 
David Novak: I think it’s always still hard to understand the consumer sighting on situations like this, but avian flu has been around for a long time. And I think people know that today fully cooked chicken is safe to eat having said that. And if you have really pronounced and dramatic amount of press on avian flu that becomes pervasive in the consuming world, it can have an impact. Right now, we are just not seeing much. 
David Novak: We are not – Brian, we are not giving specifics on margin guidance this year. I think the important thing is the momentum that we have demonstrated in the last two quarters with our ability to drive higher levels of productivity offsetting the transaction decline. And that’s a slight momentum going into this year with what we are seeing in sales. As you know, our goal continues to be in the long run to get China margins back up to 20%, which we believe continues to be an appropriate target for that business. 
David Novak: Overall, our goal obviously is to build off the momentum that we had coming out of last year taken into this year and continually get stronger and stronger in terms of building consumer news and excitement for the brand. We are I think as I mentioned in my remarks, we are excited now to be able to take the offense and really start bringing forward lots of fund kind of promotions and the news that we have been I think well known for in the past. And we think that consumers will respond. We will be restating the brand and begin to restage the brand in the second quarter. It’s going to include several initiatives that will span across the year, but the big trust of the dramatic news will be in the second quarter. 
David Novak: We never had underlying consumer issue. I think Pizza Hut has just been strength on strength. The brand has never been more powerful. We have very little competition and we’re in the space pretty much by ourselves. We had our promotion that wasn’t as strong, sometimes that we have done in the past but it was basically a blip on the radar screen. We’re back on the path and we expect to have another excellent year with Pizza Hut Casual Dining. I think the thing that we’re most excited about is just a multiple variety that we offer. We have very unique space with Pizza Hut Casual Dining in a sense that you know people can come in, eat like a rich man, eat like a poor man everyday value, we have one on trades [ph], half price every day. This is the place people love to come, the ambience is fantastic. We’re getting day part leverage with our tea time. We’re excited, by the end of the year we will have at least 300 restaurants with breakfast which we think we can own that segment that segment is huge in casual dining in the United States and we think we can have a breakfast. By the way you can have a breakfast and two eggs toast and coffee with all the refills you want for the price of a Starbucks coffee. So it's pretty good value and it's damn good breakfast too and we’re also testing late night program where we sell liquor and other items. So I just think that this is a brand that we have been able to shape in a way that it makes it totally relevant in so many different way for our customers and we’re very enthusiastic about being able to overlap this past year’s results with another good year. And John we would definitely characterize December as an anomaly and as we mentioned that we’re back solidly and positive things for sales territory with the Pizza Hut Casual Dining business. 
David Novak: First of all no change to the guidance we have given in December. With respect to the shape of our Q4 margin performance and what I would highlight is that we’re about five margin points of headwinds in the quarter but recently offset those with our productivity initiatives and with modest roll-over pricing benefits and to break it down a little bit further you know the five points of headwind we have two points from the transaction decline, one point of inflation which is essentially flat on food and high single digits, 1 point of pressure with our advertising spend and the 1 point drag from Little Sheep but that was fully offset with 4 points productivity that’s combination of labor and other as low as a point from roll over pricing. 
David Novak: Absolutely. Digital technology is one of the top strategic priorities for our company around the world for all of our brands, for all of our divisions the advances in digital technology remain an important goal. And to give you a sense for how we are attacking this, in China 70% of our delivery orders come from online orders and we see that percentage continue to grow with the advances we are making with not only our online, but also our mobile platforms. In our international markets, we currently have mobile ordering tests underway in three markets with our KFC business in France, the UK and Australia. As you know, we have a very large online ordering business with Pizza Hut here in the U.S. It accounts for about 40% of our total delivery orders and is over $1 billion in total annual volume. And then the other one I’d point out to as Taco Bell where we are very actively in development and test and preparation for a rollup later this year of a model ordering platform. So make no mistake, technology is among the highest priorities that we have in our company and all of our businesses are focused on ways that they can harness the power of digital technology to further differentiate our experiences for our customers. 
David Novak: As we have said before, there are multiple ways to get to our growth goal for the China business, so anywhere from high single to low double-digit comps and anywhere from one to three points of margin improvement. With respect to how that plays out across the year, yes, we do benefit from easier laps in the first half compared to the second half, but also don’t forget that with the launch of our comprehensive restage of the KFC business that we expect additional lift. So how that plays out across the year, we are not going to give quarterly guidance on our comps, but there are a number of moving pieces there. And I think the important thing is that we do have multiple ways of getting to our number to the point that as I said we are very confident that we are going to deliver that at least 20% EPS growth for Yum! and we continued to target at least 40% profit growth for the China division. 
David Novak: Well first of all I think we love the fact that we’re the leader in emerging markets and we also recognize it at the same time that emerging markets will have their ups and downs. They are still going to be growing their GDP and we’re on the 5% rate in the foreseeable future almost three times more than the developed countries. So we’re focused on doing in emerging markets is providing affordable everyday value making our brands more accessible, more affordable to the emerging classes as the incomes rise and I think the big store that we have for emerging markets is just development opportunity. You know I talked about how we only have four restaurant per million people in China versus the 60 we have in the U.S. well it's about two in most emerging markets. So but developed story is the big thing and we have very little competition in the emerging markets as well. I think our big challenge is just to keep making the brand accessible, keep making the brand affordable and recognizing that we will have some volatility in markets like that. Now one of the beautiful things about our business is that almost 90% of our growth outside the United States excluding China (indiscernible) of our franchisees and so we’re very selective where we put our, make our equity investments and we now have made some equity investments in Turkey just to accelerate growth. We sitting on a big growth opportunity and we need to accelerate it and so we made an investment there and we bought some stores in Africa so that we could help expand our African expansion. I think we’re in over 20 countries now in Africa and we see big opportunities in that country. :
David Novak: I think Pat mentioned that we did see a slowdown and you will see it from our earnings release that we saw a slowdown in Thailand and Africa markets and usually when that happens is specifically a combination of two things either not enough value if not enough new news. So the team is looking at both of those areas to improve that but those definitely were the markets we saw considerable slowdown in the quarter. 
David Novak: We don’t report the results for the Little Sheep business separately. There were some extra charges I would say in the quarter which weighed on Little Sheep margins in particular and we’re just not going to report the results to that segment separately. It's not material to our business on a standalone base; it's not material for our China business on a standalone basis. 
David Novak: Our overall expectation on margins is I think if we look at Taco Bell, I mean, we are really pleased in the fourth quarter margins in 20% in Taco Bell, that’s $1.3 million averaging volumes. So when you start getting the volumes back to $1.7 million and above, our expectations is we need to have very, very high margins. So we think we have tremendous upside from the margin front and we are not going to quit until we get to that 20% gold standard and we think we can hopefully beat that over time. So there is going to be a relentless quest to drive productivity out of leveraging our asset as has been investment will be in the future. I think one of the great things about 2013 is that nobody threw in the towel in China, okay. We went after the productivity as hard as we could. We have launched a lot of initiatives. We will have more coming and we are going to stay focused on it. 
David Novak: I think that’s why I brought up the fact that we have the operational excellence that we have in China, the quality of our teams, the quality of our restaurant managers, training programs, the initiatives that we put in place. And I am really pleased that Taco Bell’s operational measures in the United States are top tier as well while we have gotten this margin improvement. 
David Novak: Absolutely, Sara. Well, first one on the pricing, as we have said in previous calls, the timing of our pricing actions in 2012 were out I think with what was happening with inflation – food inflation at that time. And so it was possible that, that created an issue for us, but we are – we feel very good about the pricing actions that we just took at the beginning of this year. And to our knowledge, others in the market are taking pricing and we are comfortable with where things stand with our brand given the consumer scores that we are reading and the overall momentum that we see in our business. So we don’t have any concerns about the pricing actions that we have just taken. With respect to our pace of development, we feel very good about the 740 units that we opened in 2013. And as we said, we expect at least 700 in 2014. We continued to execute our development strategy as we have outlined in previous calls and in our investor conference, where we are being more selective with our KFC units in the Tier 1 and the Tier 2 coastal cities as we skew our development increasingly to the Tier 3 through six cities, where the unit level economics are better where we see better investment returns. And then also skewing our development program increasingly to the Pizza Hut brand, which is strong – which offer strong returns to your cash paybacks really everywhere we operate. And just to give you a couple of numbers to put some context around this, when you look at 2012 total Pizza Hut development inclusive of both casual dining and home service was 27% of our total development program. In 2013 it was 40% and we expect that number to go up further in 2014. So it speaks to the power of our Pizza Hut brand in China and the strong unit level of economics that we have with that business and how we’re reorienting our capital investment program toward that brand. That’s not to say that we are not developing KFC because we continue to develop KFC at a high level as well but we’re spewing that development program increasingly to the lower tier cities where again we have better economics overall. 
David Novak: As Pat said in his comments we’re at about the EPS of at least 20% and then just to repeat on the 40% because we came in the year a little stronger it could be more difficult to get to that 40% in China but we feel great about at least 20% EPS growth. 
David Novak: The assumption would be that we would have to add hours as traffic comes back I think that’s a safe assumption there. And in another piece of the mix is that we continue to look at operating hours and in cases we’re operating potentially in late night where the trade zone is not completely ready. We’ve taken a look at that and pulled back a little bit on some of the late night offerings that we have. 
David Novak: It's January maybe it's still we’re second [ph] now. It's really early; we’re not into making any positions right now. So we feel comfortable about all of the planning, assessments or assumptions that we gave everybody in December. We feel very comfortable that we’re off for a solid start relative to what we expected and we’re confident that we can have a strong bounce back year. But I don’t think any of us are smart enough to tell you exactly how things are going to lay out for the balance of the year and I think that a big think I would like all of our investors to know so we know this is a show me don’t tell me year. This is a year where we got to put up the numbers, we don’t think any of these plans are easy it's not easy to gain 40% profit growth. You never turn around a brand until you turn it around but we really feel like we have got the building blocks in place now. So we’re setup to get this year back on the kind of bounce back that we want and we can keep growing at that at least from here on up and that’s really what we’re targeting to do and I understand why there is all kinds of questions about China and January. Those are totally valid questions but we’re basically telling you is we’re off to a pretty good start and we feel confident that what we talked about in December still looks like a high possibility to us and we will keep you informed as we go throughout the year but I would be jumping to any major conclusions.
David Novak: What we can build now is the response that we just shared with you, okay. It’s early, I don’t think anybody in our company or anybody in the world would be solely enough to make a statement like that. 
David Novak: I think first of all, the opportunity to get on the offensive to really glorify the brand, have fun with the brand, bring consumer aside, I think overall, that’s the big for us that we have this year, but as we do that we are going to have significant menu revamp. (indiscernible) is the name of the game what you are really bringing to the marketplace that your customers can see and respond to. We are going to have a very significant menu revamp that will bring forward products that we know our Chinese customers are going to love and I think really brings some new energy and excitement to the brand. So I think it’s being able to take the offense in combination with menu revamp. Those are the two big things. And then we are going to amplify what we are doing through all consumer touch points and keep the news coming for a long time. 
David Novak: Yes, I think it’s important to know we have nearly 30 chicken suppliers in China. So it’s hard to comment on what one particular supplier might say. But I think we commented as much as we can on what we are seeing on sales in China. 
Pat Grismer: John, the other thing I would remind you of is that the things or sales for KFC were actually a bit worse in Q2 than in Q1, because that was in Q2 that we suffered the brunt of the publicity around the avian flu at the time. 
Pat Grismer: First to take the latter question, you know with the momentum we have in China entering the year we have a very clear path to 20% Yum! EPS growth for 2014. We do continue to target about 40% profit growth in China although our stronger than expected China led finished to 2013 obviously makes that bit more challenging but it's early in the year and we will continue to keep you posted as we always do. With respect to the pricing I did reference in my prepared remarks about 3 points of pricing that we took at the beginning of the year. We have no definitive plans for pricing actions, new pricing actions balance of the year but I will point out that the last time we took pricing with the KFC business was in December of 2012 early in the month. So it's been more than a year since we have taken pricing and we have observed all of the labor inflation and based on the strengthening that we have seen with the brand in market, importantly reflected in our consumer brand attribute scores. We felt that we were in strong position to take that pricing and we did it in a way that we feel consumers can absorb. With respect to what our inflation expectations on our balance this year entirely consistent with what we outlined in New York, which is low to mid-single-digits on food and paper and low double-digits on labor. 
Pat Grismer: Jason, as you know our team in China is continuously looking at ways to drive productivity to higher levels. So what we have dirked in the fourth quarter was a combination of a continuation of initiatives started earlier in the year as well as some new initiatives. And we see or we expect the same patterns across 2014. Bear in mind, one of the biggest benefits to China margin going forward certainly in 2014 is the rebound in transactions and then much longer term as we continue to add new layers to our business, including with digital, it’s about how we better utilized our assets to leverage the fixed cost of operating a restaurant. And over the long run, it’s that first that transaction rebound as we lack last year’s performance and then as we build new layers, it’s going to drive our restaurant margin to higher level. 
Pat Grismer: And as always, we have recognized the importance of good customer service to maintaining our standing with our customers broadly. And so – and the important thing is that as we have undertaken these initiatives, we have not compromised. 
Pat Grismer: When we construct our division targets we do have what we call local contingency so that it is part of the plan so that the teams have again just as we do at a company level different ways of getting to our 20% EPS they have different ways of getting to their number and they construct their plans in ways that gives them a breathing room. 
Pat Grismer: I would say overall, Karen, it will be a slight tailwind on a percentage basis, but we are expecting that in the aggregate we will be spending more on marketing and advertising in 2014 than we did in 2013, because our system sales will be up with the benefit of all the new unit development that we are doing. 
Pat Grismer: We are, and you are right, that the fourth quarter favorability was largely due to lower incentive comp consistent with our pace for performance culture. And as I said in Europe, when you look at the 4% for 2014, it’s important to look at that on a 2-year basis, because there was a decline in 2013. And so when you look at the 2 years combined, it’s more in the range of 1% to 2% annually. 
