Steve Schmitt: Thanks, Joana. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. On our call today are David Novak, Chairman and CEO; and Pat Grismer, our CFO. Following remarks from David and Pat, we will take your questions. Before we get started, I would like to remind you that this conference call includes forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to future events and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from these statements. All forward-looking statements should be considered in conjunction with the cautionary statements in our earnings release and the risk factors included in our filings with the SEC. In addition, please refer to the Investors section of the Yum! Brands’ Web site www.yum.com to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used on today’s call. We are broadcasting this call via our Web site. This call is also being recorded and will be available for playback. Please be advised that if you ask a question, it will be included in both our live conference and in any future use of the recording. As a reminder, at the beginning of this year we combined our Yum! Restaurant International and U.S. divisions into three global brand divisions; KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell. China and India remained separate divisions giving their strategic importance and enormous growth potential. This new structure is designed to drive greater global brand focus enabling more effective knowhow sharing and accelerating growth. Beginning this quarter our financial reporting will reflect our new structure with comparable prior periods adjusted accordingly. Finally, we would like to remind you of the following upcoming Yum! investor events. Our Taco Bell Investor Day will be in Irvine, California on May 15th. And our second quarter earnings will be released on Wednesday, July 16th. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to David Novak.
Steve Schmitt: So Brian, this is Steve. On the menu restage, it’s too early to tell exactly with precision what the impact will be on food cost, but we do expect it to be slightly higher based on our expected mix. And from a labor standpoint, I don’t think there will be a very material piece of increase in the labor line, but with any new product offering there will be labor training cost that will hit in the second quarter.
Steve Schmitt: John, this is Steve the economics still remains strong and in fact the comment we actually took our international build number up and that’s the number that’s both for KFC and for Pizza Hut from our initial guidance. So, their economics are strong and we continue to expect strong development. I’m sorry, John. Bear in mind what you’re seeing is a global average, right. And there are differences in the profitability of new units and emerging versus developed markets and where more of our growth is coming from is in the emerging markets where the unit development is stronger, where the unit returns are strong.
Steve Schmitt: And we’ve talked about paybacks before especially in some emerging markets and they’re very attractive. There are very attractive returns if they weren’t the franchisees would be growing.
Steve Schmitt: And specifically to the businesses as you mentioned Diane in the Taco Bell 15% that’s our target, so there isn’t more refranchising opportunity that we see there and we’re generally happy with the returns we’re getting on those new investments and we believe it’s a strong equity position for us. And as far as China is concerned, we have been doing some modest amount of refranchising for the last several years. We see that continuing so we expect that we’ll continue to maintain that ownership percentage to David’s point though under the banner of earning the right to own given extraordinary returns we’re seeing on new unit development with our KFC and Pizza Hut and coming up now Pizza Hut home service, we think it’s a great place to own and operate restaurants. It creates enormous value for our shareholders. But we see China being predominantly equity for many years to come although we’re looking very aggressively at franchising as a way to accelerate even more growth as we go forward.
Pat Grismer: I am very happy to do that Joe. As a reminder, I mean our Q1 margin in China improved about 7 points, more improvement in KFC than in Pizza Hut but both improved. Same-store sales contributed about 6 points of margin improvement which included about 3 points from pricing with the balance from sales mix and transaction leverage. Importantly transaction, same-store transactions grew in both brands. We also got a 3 point margin benefit from restaurant level labor productivity and our new unit development program also improved our division margin by about a 1 point. So, when you add those up that’s about 10 points of margin benefit, offsetting that was about 2 points of pressure from inflation that included relatively flat commodities and about 7% inflation in labor and another margin point of pressure from Little Sheep and from rent. And so when you add those together that’s how you get to about 7 points improvement in the division. Now, as I mentioned we don’t want anyone to extrapolate that to the balance of the year, but based on everything we’ve outlined in terms of the ongoing momentum in our sales, the continued productivity initiatives, pricing actions that may happen balance of year plus what we know about the commodity outlook. We do expect to be at, at least 17% for the full year which is about 2 points better than last year’s full year results.
Pat Grismer: Yes well, we do expect commodity inflation to edge up a bit. Our full year guidance is in line with what we communicated in New York, which is low single-digits. Labor, admittedly was a little bit light on inflation in the quarter at 7%. We still expect on a full year basis to be in the low double-digit. So we expect that labor inflation will nudge up over the course of the year.
Pat Grismer: The only thing I’d add on that is that the mindset we have in our Company is it’s always the unfinished business on the productivity gains and we’re going to -- we're constantly looking at every process in the ways to incrementally improvement it and hopefully make quantum lead for whatever we can. So we’re organized globally around operations best practice sharing I think anything that we pick up in any market that works we share with other markets and we expect to make continued progress on this front.
Pat Grismer: And then on the financial structure question with respect to the purchases consistent with what we outlined in New York we expect share repurchases to contribute about a 1 point of EPS growth so we’re still on-track to do that. And then as it relates to our capital structure we’re happy with where we’re at how we’re positioned from a leverage perspective and as you know we completed a successful refinancing of about $600 million of debt in the fourth quarter of last year which we believe created significant value for our shareholders so we’re happy with way things stand on a capital structure basis. This is something we continue to look at and we believe that we’re in the sweet spot.
Pat Grismer: Specifically to get at your question around what was happening with cost of sales when you look at the year-over-year decline. You may recall that last year in the wake of the challenges we experienced at the end of 2012, we introduced some value offers, some discount offers in an effort to stimulate traffic. So we’re laughing perhaps this year. Also as I mentioned, we took some new pricing actions at the end of 2013 after going without pricing at KFC for over a year. And we thought that we’re going to do that based on the recovery that we saw in the key consumer metrics and good news is at end of the first quarter, our value scores continue to be very good and we’ve maintained our pricing on the value anchors which are critical to maintaining a strong value position with consumers.
Pat Grismer: And Keith to your follow-on question regarding the impact that the new menu could have to our margin, it’s early days but we expect that as we mentioned before that it will drive some or put some pressure on the food cost and labor but not to an extent that it’s going to change our strong outlook for margin improvement balance of year. And in fact we expect the sales leverage coming from the promotion combined with the ongoing productivity initiatives to really dominate the margin story for the year.
Pat Grismer: Yes. But as we mentioned, we maintained the strong value offer on the menu as well, so it’s not, although we are moving away from value, I think it’s the power of doing both.
Pat Grismer: Let’s deal with the Taco Bell question first, Sara. With respect to our expectations around breakfast and what we’re seeing today, we’ve been targeting mid to high single-digit mix for breakfast that’s generally what we saw in the test. And to David’s point earlier that was highly incremental and that’s probably what we’re seeing in the early days of the launch in breakfast. How it’s going to impact our margin, so that’s the sales piece and so if we achieve and we maintain that mid to high single-digit mix for breakfast that’s what we need to deliver our same-store sales growth targets for the year. In terms of the margin piece, the breakfast offer at that mix level is slightly dilutive to margin but only slightly. For us, this is an opportunity to establish an entirely day part that is highly incremental that as it builds overtime it’s going to be overall accretive to our margins. And therefore as David pointed out earlier, will put us in the position to accelerate the pace of new unit development.
Pat Grismer: Well I think the important thing to keep in mind is that in those businesses in the U.S. we have very low levels of Company ownership even internationally. So, franchise development dominates those two brands particularly in emerging markets, we do expect overtime to see those margins improve particularly as our Company store base is increasingly skewed to those emerging markets which offer the benefit of better restaurant level economics with lower labor and lower rent. So, overtime as we pick up the pace of development with the Company stores and emerging markets and those form a higher proportion of our total equity store base, we continue to target margins for KFC and for Pizza Hut, so it will take us into the mid-teen territory.
Pat Grismer: Yes certainly, Jason. On the sales side city tier, there was modest variability in KFC same-store sales growth across the city tiers with the results strongest in tier 1 cities particularly Shanghai because you will remember that’s where we experienced the steepest sales declines in the first quarter of 2013. So, there was a stronger lapping benefit if you will, in tier 1 cities Shanghai in particular. So, there was modest variability there not so much on the Pizza Hut side. And then in terms of the two year comps, as I mentioned before, I don’t know that the comps tell the whole story. They become difficult to read, based on the variable lap of the two and three year comps and so forth. We have looked at both. But what I really hang my head on is absolute transaction volumes on a de-seasonalized basis. And this is something that we study, from month-to-month, to really see how we are tracking with our business. And what we’re seeing is continued improvement and upward momentum in that measure. That’s what gives me confidence along with the consumer metrics, that the business is steadily recovering. And overall we’re pleased with where we are at and the progress we’re making, again not only in sales, but importantly the profitability of the sales and how they work together to deliver the bounce back in operating profit. Our goal this year is to get to that high to single to low double-digit same-store sales growth and about 40% operating profit growth in our China division. And frankly we don’t need heroic same-store sales here in China that -- high single to low double-digit growth is fine. What we want to do is to do is put forward -- get our business back on the right footing, get more consumer excitement back, and we prefer to grow on solid controlled manner this year, and then build off the space. So we’re basically focused on building the business, the right way for the long-term. And I think we are making continual improvement with KFC and I think we’re basically on-track.
Pat Grismer: Jake, in future quarters we would expect to return to a more normal pattern. So Q1 was unusual as I mentioned because we had some pretty extreme discount offers in Q1 of last year in effort to stimulate transactions that we’re getting a lapping benefit and so we saw average spend grow, from that more than we would expect in a normal quarter. On top of the fact, as you mentioned, that we had the new pricing actions come into a quarter where food inflation was flat.
Pat Grismer: Well I think we’re building off a powerful image, the number one brand in China, all we’re basically doing is trying to invigorate it and show and demonstrate that we’re…
Pat Grismer: Okay. We just we constantly remodel every 5 to 7 years; that we just have new designs that we’ll be rolling out this year.
Pat Grismer: Well, certainly on a reported basis, given the strong bounce back in Q1 helped by the last year, we’re outperforming the category from a quarterly growth perspective. I would say that the macro situation hasn’t been changed versus last year. It continues to grow overall. And I think when you look at the fact that we had good, very solid results with our Pizza Hut Casual Dining business, that’s a further indication that when you have a concept that is well-positioned and well executed, consumers are going to come. So we’re delighted with the results that we’re getting and as we said we see the China business to be an important one for us for the long run. And even though 7% growth in GDP is lower than it was in recent years. It remains the fastest growing a large economy in the world, and we’ve got a leading position there, so we’re very happy with that.
Pat Grismer: Well, there is no doubt that commodities have played out very differently from what we thought. In New York you’ll recall, we came into the year expecting 4% inflation in meat and 4% deflation in cheese. Things could not have played out any differently as we’re expecting low to mid double-digit inflation in beef, it was up high single-digit in the first quarter. And then for cheese, we’re expecting now mid single-digit inflation it was up over 20% in the first quarter. So, it has played out very differently and so yes that has played into our pricing actions this year. And that we intend to do balance of year but this is one of the things where we continue to read the business in terms of how consumers are responding to our value offers and to our new product innovation and the progress we continue to make on productivity initiatives and then we determine what we need to do by way of pricing in order to maintain and improve margin so that we have a strong investible position that is going to underwrite future unit growth. So, yes, the commodity situation in the U.S. is proving to be a challenging one but we’re dealing with it just as we have for the last 50 years.
Pat Grismer: The philosophy we’ve always had is to earn the right to own. And wherever we own stores we’ve earned the right to own with the exceptions in some markets and countries where we own a few stores just so we can lead for test markets. But if you take a look at Taco Bell, we’ve actually reduced our ownership in Taco Bell with past few years and now it’s about 15% where the Taco Bell has margins that end of last year close to 20% these are clearly the shareholder benefits by some of those restaurants. So that’s the mentality that we have. We look at all of our equity on a constant basis and make sure that the investing we’re making in terms of running the store well exceeds our cost of capital.
Pat Grismer: Well, I think what we -- when you look at the UK business and the Australia business KFC in particular you’ve got two very successful businesses that are more in the portable food arena particularly with sandwiches. So we’re looking at how we can take some of those learnings and develop a right sandwich platform and be effective in the United States and in that arena as well. I think we constantly share product news that travels, so any new product that is developed in Australia or the UK would move to the U.S. one of the things for example is boxed meals were successful in Australia and we’ve moved them into the U.S. trying to target a $5 price point. And I think when we were organized separately the U.S. teams didn’t really work as closely with the international teams as we’d like and we’re going to see a lot more sharing and I think adoption with those teams together now reporting in the separate or focused CEOs.
Pat Grismer: Well as you know we’ve been developing our breakfast layer for a number of years. Evolving the menu to understand what is going to resonate most with consumers and be perceived as a highly differentiated offering. So we’ve made a number of changes to the menu over that period over that period of time and it’s been with this most recent offering that’s been an active development and test for the last call it 18 to 24 months that we’ve seen the best results that have now given us the confidence to go national. And as we mentioned it was in the those tests that we achieved the mid to high single-digit mix that we needed in order to make the economics work for us and we’re very pleased and encouraged by the early results we’re seeing from the program which are generally in line with what we saw in test.
David Novak: I think just from an overall marketing standpoint, we launched the new menu on the 26th. We began the national advertising on the 2nd. The overall objective is to restage KFC as even more youthful, more energetic and renovating along with the ever change that’s going on in China. The fact is that we launched 15 products simultaneously, that’s our first time we’ve have ever done that in KFC’s 27 year history and I don’t think anybody in the QSR industry has done that. We basically tried to steal a page out of the successful Pizza Hut playbook where we revamped the menu twice a year, 20% of the menu twice a year. And of the 15 products, 15 of the products are either new or they are returns of popular items that we’ve previously only offered like on a limited time-only basis. There are as I said in my remarks are four signature product platforms sandwiches, rice dishes, snacks, drinks and desserts. So we’re obviously increasing the amount of variety that’s offered at KFC. And while it’s early we’re pleased with the initial results. We’ve had great consumer feedback on our new roasted chicken burger, our teriyaki chicken flavored rice, flavored roast wings, we got a great drink that seems to be very popular, sparkling apple juice that people really are responding very favorably to. One of the things we’re trying to do this year is really take the offense and bring a lot of fun and excitement back to the KFC. Last year we were in the defensive position. And this year we’re really trying to bring fun and excitement. We’ve signed four very popular youthful celebrities. We got digital marketing and engagement and we’ve already had 7 million likes in the past three weeks. So we feel good about that. And this is a very holistic approach that we’re taking in the restage. If you walk into our restaurants today, you’re going to see new team members, with new contemporary uniforms that they really like. We’re rolling out new packaging. As we speak we have new menu boards. We’re adding Wi-Fi and at lot of our restaurants with the ultimate goal to have all of them, over 2,000 restaurants with Wi-Fi by the end of the year. And we’ve got digital mobile applications coming. So this is a holistic approach, we’re really trying to drive a lot of excitement, a lot of news behind the KFC brand. And I think just the fact that you get 7 million likes from your marketing now in three weeks. This shows how big and ubiquitous this brand really is, I mean people love the brand. As you guys all know, if you follow this, we’ve been ranked the number one brand in China for a number of years. And so that strength has never left us, and what we’re trying to do is just leverage it even more as we go into the future. So I’m very excited about KFC, the progress that we’re making, and the progress that we’ll continue to make.
David Novak: Yes David, we never really give out specific numbers as it relates to current trends. However, what we have conveyed is that we’re very encouraged by not only the results we saw in Q1, but how those results have sustained into Q2 and what we see to be the early response to the compounds every stage of the KFC brand. In my view comps don’t tell the whole story one of the things we look at is the absolute average -- we view seasonalized transaction volumes and what we see there are sequential improvements and it’s based on Q1 results and what we observed from current trends they give us the confidence to reaffirm our full year guidance for same-store sales growth of high single to low double-digit growth.
David Novak: Well as I mentioned we started to initiate these productivity measures in the second quarter of last year so as we make our way into Q2 we’ve began to overlap some of those. However, we also think that our momentum on some newer productivity measures towards the end of last year and also continued into this year. So we expect that productivity will be a significant contributor to our full year margin performance although we wouldn’t extrapolate the gains from Q1 to the full year. But from a number of things so it’s not been any one thing that has driven that result we are much sharper in the way we’ve forecast sales at store level that puts us in a position to do a much better job of scheduling our labor so that we’re more efficient in a way that we deliver service to our customers. And we continue to rationalize operating hours at selected restaurants in ways that ensure that we’re growing profitable transactions increasing new profitable transactions all of this things really have come together to deliver what we consider to be an outstanding result and will help us achieve that at least 17% restaurant margin for the division this year.
David Novak: Well, I think on the Taco Bell point as you know we just launched breakfast we’re very pleased with the initial results it’s too early to really go in the details on that. At Pizza Hut we’ve recently launched Garlic Parmesan Pizzas and WingStreet and we’re pleased with the results that we’ve had out of both those products. But I can’t really give you any specifics on the actual sales trends.
David Novak: Well first of all on the test markets and what we’ve seen to-date the business is incremental okay so it’s entering the incremental usage. Now the great thing about Taco Bell is that Taco Bell users are heavy breakfast users, I think they compose a 75% of the heavy breakfast users it’s an amazing number. So just getting people converted into Taco Bell users to breakfast for a new different incremental occasion that’s really our closest in opportunity, I was just in Phoenix a couple of weeks ago where we’ve been in test for two years and what was startling to me was how many people didn’t know we were in breakfast until we launched our new advertising. So I think what we learned in the last couple of years is we can get a profitable proposition but it’s really going to challenging to break through the clutter and get people to be aware of your breakfast offerings and get them to try. We think we’ve really done that with the recent advertising which is very talked about and when I was talking to customers they were saying that they’ve seen the advertising and enjoyed it and they came in and tried it. And I think the good news we feel the things that were most and we learned this from test markets and also with the launch people love our products. I think we’ve got, if you look at the A.M. Crunchwrap it’s very portable, it’s the most portable breakfast product in the category, and it’s been tested up against of a like product with competition and we win with better value, the waffle taco, is similar. I mean there is nothing like a waffle taco, it’s a novelty product in the sense that it is just so interesting, if you just go online people are talking about both of the A.M. Crunchwrap. And the Cinnabon Delights, I don’t think you can eat just one. I mean these things are great. And we’ve developed, one of the things we’ve realized we needed to have in breakfast in test markets we need to have a good coffee line of products. And we’ve had great coffee with flavored options which people really like. And we think that that segment will grow overtime. The good thing is, is that our franchisees are very excited about this. They are excited about in Phoenix I was in Columbia and Missouri just last week, I was meeting with our franchisees they have 17 stores, they were I think actually doubting Thomas is a breakfast. But I think they have been converted because the people really liked the products. So you have products, good value, minimum investment. Remember we were able to do this with the significant capital expenditures. So we think we’re off and running, we want to emphasize that we know this is not lay down. I mean I just could talk about in fact we were in Phoenix, when I was in Phoenix and we’ve been there for two years and people didn’t even know until we announced we have already achieved breakeven and you are at a solid breakfast platform to go forward with, but customers didn’t know about it. So we got to break major habits, I mean people have a tendency to do the same thing every day and so we got to -- it's hard to even to get our current users to give this a try. But I think the team is doing a very innovative and exciting ways from a marketing standpoint. We actually train for breakfast. We did more training for the breakfast roll out than anything was ever done from an operational standpoint. We had rallies all around the United States, the team’s pumped up. We’re not in it to be in breakfast, we’re in to win a breakfast. And we’re going to -- we have great products today that have gotten us into the game, we have a lot more products that we can go to and when we want to, that are derivatives to what we’ve done plus some new products. So early days I don’t want to get too excited about it, okay because we know the challenges is immense but I have always said that we can be successful if breakfast and we fully intend to be, there is no reason in the world why Taco Bell can’t go from 5,000 stores to 8,000 stores in the United States. So our goal is to add that $100,000 plus concept layer that really takes already a high returning business to a whole different level and we get much more rapid new unit development. This year we’ll have over 100 net new units at Taco Bell on top of I think around 80 last year. So we’re picking up speed, the development pipeline is getting better and the enthusiasm is very high on this, but the proof is still in the pudding.
David Novak: Well we fully expect to overtime to get back to that 20% margin that’s the goal. And we think we’re going to get there primarily through sales leverage. As we take the sales up we think that’ll be the number one beneficiary. The one thing that we believe more than anything is and we’ve done this from day one in China is we will never sacrifice the customer experience for any kind of margin. That’s just not going to happen. I mean we in the last four months, we’ve retrained every one of our team members on our standards okay on our expectations on what we’re doing. We’re investing in the consumer proposition and our customer majors all say that we’ve been able to do it quite successfully. And the magic of this business is the magic at the end. You want to get the sales growth you want to get to margin growth. And that’s what I think they are demonstrating we have the capability to do there, but make no mistake about it. The primary thing we have to do is make our customers happy. I mean we got to make our customers happy and bring them back again and again and again. One of the things we train people on John is a branded experience. And let me give you an example of that, when you -- what we’re focused on is branded service in China. And this is part of the restage and I didn’t talk about it, but I’m glad you bring it up because it does have operational implications and we’ve taken the time to train everybody on this. So when you walk into store in China everybody raises their hands. Automatically and says nǐ hǎo. Okay. You’re welcomed as a customer. We’ve learned that one of the things we want to do is we want to make our customers feel valued, so when we take the money from and give the money back to our customers we give it them with two hands. Okay. That’s just a recent thing that we just added because we want to help people and we thank people for coming and just like they do at Chick-fil-A. It’s been a pleasure serving you. We actually picked that up from Chick-fil-A here in the United States. We built that into our brand of service experience. So those are just two things that we’re trying to do every single time so that the customer feels it, so I think the big to think about are restage is that this is a -- we look at everything we do to make it better for the customer more product variety more better uniform, better environment through the things Wi-Fi. We’re also this year we’ll be consistently upgrading our restaurants in a number of stores in major cities and showing designs that we’ve created. So the only way you enter a long-term and the short-term obviously is you’ve got to make customers happy. And we’re on just a mission to do that. So I think we are investing. I know we’re investing in the customer proposition.
David Novak: Remember we’re going to have across the board we’ll have record levels of development this year, 150 international units outside of China and that only comes if you have -- remember 90% of what we outside of China is franchise-owned. So they’re only going to invest if they’re going to be getting good returns. And I think the important point is that the margins that you see that there are low are primarily in the developed markets and the emerging markets we get cash-on-cash returns within two to four years. Okay.
David Novak: I think that first of all these products are more premium in nature they’re not value products, so they’re high quality premium priced products. Okay. We now have I think have 66 total options at KFC compared to 59 that we had before. We removed 7 items updated 1 and we increased. And so I think we tried to optimize our menu, but the product themselves are more premium in nature and one of the things we’re doing in China is we want to add entry price points, they are very value oriented and effective with lunch and dinner, okay. So, that RMB 6 breakfast, we will have some RMB 6 breakfast, we’ll have some RMB 15 lunches and then so we have the entry price point but we want to obviously you want to give people, you want to trade people up as much as you can in the higher quality products and that’s really what our focus is. We’re really going for quality transactions.
David Novak: Okay let me just wrap-up. I think we’re confident we’re going to have a strong bounce back year in 2014. And we’re going to grow our earnings per share at least 20% and we look forward to reestablishing our track-record of consistently delivering double-digit EPS growth in the years ahead. As we go into the balance of the year, we have significant building blocks in place in China in each of our divisions that we think will help us have very sold year. Thank you very much.
