David Gibbs: Well, thanks, Dennis. Yeah, I think, obviously, development is becoming a bigger and bigger part of the Yum! story. So, let me give you a little more color on it. Our guidance for 2019, as you know, is 4% as that's clearly the most likely outcome that we see. Embedded within that guidance as normal is tailwinds and possible headwinds.  From a tailwind standpoint, and getting at your question about regions of growth, we are really encouraged by the fact that we're seeing widespread development. If you look back at years passed, a lot of our successful years in development, none of which reached the levels we reached this year, were driven by China. But this year, China has played a much smaller role in us achieving what is a record for Yum! on units. That's because, around the world, we are seeing good unit-level economics, which is driving our franchisees to build more stores. We're spending more time supporting them in this effort and making sure that we’re picking the right locations with more sophisticated market planning tools and being as efficient as possible with our capital spend. So, we've got some great tailwinds and as the development program is becoming more widespread and cuts across really just about every market that we operate in. As far as possible headwinds for 2019, we have this transition of the Pizza Hut dine-in estate to more of a delivery-focused estate and, obviously, that involves closing and opening stores. And during that churn, we may see more closures perhaps than we anticipated in the short-term at Pizza Hut. So, that's something as a possible headwind that we'll keep our eyes on. And then, I guess, the other possible headwind, for those of you who listened to the Yum China call, is their guidance for 2019 would imply a deceleration in unit development for them, although their guidance was consistent with their guidance from last year. So, another thing to just keep an eye on is the number of units coming out of Yum China. And then, I think there's a final point on development. Not considered in the guidance, likely not a big issue, is what I talked about with Telepizza. There's a potential for 100 to 150 units – that's our best guess right now – to close between Telepizza and Pizza Hut where there is overlap in a particular trade area. Obviously, there's going to be a lot more work that needs to be done to dig into that, identify exactly which stores would stay open and how that all plays out. But at the same time, I also highlighted there's 126 units that are not in our unit count today because they're not in the MFA, but our Telepizza stores that have the potential of being added to our unit count. So, those two things potentially could roughly offset each other. They're not really considered in the guidance. But as we learn more about those stores and the overlaps and the additions, we'll obviously update you on this quarterly call. As far as your final question on the Telepizza transaction and do we have more of those in the hopper, what I would say is we are really pleased with the Telepizza acquisition. The management of the Telepizza business is first class. We love having them now as our master franchisee in the Yum! world and we think that is a template for more deals that we can do. And we know that all of our brands are out there looking for deals like that.  So, a lot of people that want to join the Yum! system and we hope to take advantage of that, be selective in adding the right people, but certainly something that we hope to have more news for down the road. I would just end on the development front by saying there's strong momentum in the business. Our tools for development are getting more and more sophisticated as we can parse data to figure out to where to put stores to be the most profitable, and it's widespread momentum. And as you've seen so far, the surprises tend to be on the upside. So, we're excited about development going into 2019.
David Gibbs: The impact on profitability being neutral is really from the fact that we are contributing into this alliance some of our Pizza Hut's franchise stores today and, therefore, we're reducing the royalty we collect from those stores. So, we get less royalty from the stores we're contributing, we get the royalty from the stores that Telepizza is contributing, and effectively, from a rounding standpoint, it's neutral. We do think, long-term, it will be accretive because we think it will accelerate the rate of our growth. And to your question about G&A, obviously, most master franchise agreements, the master franchisor, in this case Telepizza, actually carries the G&A to manage the business. That's why we take a lower royalty. So, we don't expect any increase in our G&A. In fact, it would be the opposite. Our G&A over time will go down covering those areas as Telepizza gets up to speed on the business.
David Gibbs: Yeah. As I shift to more of this President and Chief Operating Officer role, my priorities are the business priorities. We've transformed this business to being more a franchise business. Obviously, franchise unit economics are at the center of everything we do and I want to make sure that we're transitioning the way we approach the business, and we are seeing evidence of this everywhere we go, so it's not a concern. But I want to make sure we complete this journey to being a world-class franchisor, putting our franchisees, their unit economics, front and center at everything we do. So, I'll be spending a lot of time in the field with our field teams and with our franchise partners as I get up to speed in the new role in 2019 doing just that. I think the business is in great shape, obviously. I don't have an agenda for massive change. We are on the right path. And I think Greg and I and the entire Yum! and brand leadership teams are really excited about putting a bow on a good 2018 and moving into 2019 with some momentum. I'll turn it over to Greg now for just a few closing comments.
Greg Creed: Yes. Sure, Brian. I think to reflect on what David said, this is the seventh year of positive same-store sales growth for Taco Bell. So, the success of Taco Bell has been in place for a long time. Obviously, we had an acceleration in the back half of the year. We had 6% same-store sales growth for the back half and, obviously, a 9% system sales growth is a great number to finish the year on. There's no silver bullet. That team, led by Julie Masino, is just doing a great job across the board. We are known as the value leader. We are known as the innovation leader. As David said, we're running great operations. The assets are in great shape. The franchisees like their restaurant-level margins. And so, I think when you add all that up, you just get a performance – a consistent performance for the seven years that Taco Bell has delivered and we believe will continue to deliver. So, the brand is in great shape. Even the delivery advertising which will launch today, I had a chance – we were at a Taco Bell a couple of weeks ago. I've seen all the marketing around the advertising supporting the Grubhub launch. It's as good as any work I've ever seen come out of Taco Bell. So, if we can accelerate our growth in delivery, I think that's all positive. So, they're just doing everything right led by a great executive team and a great president.
Greg Creed: It’s like everything. You have to put the foundations in place before you let the, I guess, the horses loose. In this case, getting POS integration in place is really important. And so, obviously, we've spent a lot of time with Taco Bell and Grubhub getting the POS integration done. That's now complete and that's, obviously, why we're launching it. Working on the KFC team to make sure that integrated first. We don't want to go out and blow out without the integration because we know, with great integration, it improves speed of service, it improves order accuracy, it does everything that the customer wants. And so, you can say we've got a little slow. I would say we've gone a little slow early in order to accelerate going forward. So, I'm very excited about the launch day for Taco Bell. I'm very excited that more KFC restaurants will come onboard before the end of 2019. And all indications are, certainly in the early days, higher check, incremental transactions, all of that bodes well for both brands in the US.
Greg Creed: Thanks, David. So, first of all, I want to thank everyone for being on the call today. We are proud of what our teams and our franchisees accomplished in 2018. Combined, we opened up more than 300 more organic restaurants in 2018 than we did in 2017. We closed [indiscernible] transformative deals that should drive profitable system sales growth for our franchisees, Grubhub, Telepizza, QuikOrder. We made material progress on all of our 2016 transformation goals, including, as we have said, completing our refranchising program. I'm pleased to add that we closed out 2018 on a high note with Q4 being the best quarter of the year in terms of same-store sales growth, system sales growth, and core operating profit. So, heading into 2019, we remain confident we are going to deliver on becoming a more focused, more franchised, and more efficient, all of which will deliver more growth and further strengthen our powerful and unique business model. Thanks for joining us on the call today.
