Pat Grismer: Certainly Diane You may recall that we had guided in December to full year same store sales growth of 3% to 7% that still an appropriate range we may be coming in closure to the lower end of that range. But importantly we do expect to see sequential improvement in Q2 sales over Q1 and then the strong second half particularly as we as we lap the supplier incident that occurred in July.
Pat Grismer: That is correct. We do expect sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter and I would highlight even with the stronger comps that we’re lapping from last year.
Pat Grismer: Yes sure David. Good question. As we said we had a bad start with the boy band. I was really played with how quickly we reacted and how they very strong Chinese new year promotion. We got back to building an emotional connection with our customers. We got back into original recipe, we got back into buckets of chicken and I think that was a very clear lesson for us. The good news is on the menu revamp, this is going to be 8 new products over about 3 months. What I like about it is the lesson that we’ve learnt this time is that and I think this is for the lessons we’ve talked from the Taco Bell breakfast lunch which is you can put the menu out there. But you actually have to promote specific products. So I’m pleased that we got a very strong menu. But we also have very strong product promotions. Operator Your next question comes from the line of David Tarantino from Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Pat Grismer: Sure. But I think the good news is as you would know we measure a number of attributes clearly value for money, food safety, trustworthiness and favorite brand. The good news is we’re making a proven across all of those metric and I think that what you’ll see is not a linear improvement. But we can definitely see period to period that we are making improvements across the board. So I’m actually really encourage and it’s across the board in a recovery rather specific elements.
Pat Grismer: Yes, sure. I think on things like trustworthiness were pretty much almost back to where we were prior to the instrument things like value the money, we’re doing better. The good news is we have the right trajectory on all of the of all the [indiscernible].
Pat Grismer: Yes, in terms of the mix the comp was lead by transaction decline check was marginally positive for the quarter and in terms of pricing. We love to take pricing inline more or less with inflation. We’re targeting about 3 points for the full year.
Pat Grismer: So first in terms of how we break down the margin variants year-over-year. We are very pleased with 19% margin in the quarter. It was 4.5% points below where we were in the first quarter last year. We lost about 4 margin points from transaction develarge and another 3 margin points manipulation. But offset that with about 2 point margin benefit from pricing and then the other half point benefit was a combination of productivity initiatives, slightly offset by the impact of new unit. So that kind of breaks down the margin drivers, in terms of what we are seeing by the way of inflation. The good news is on the commodity front things are looking a little bit better than we’ve originally guided. I think in New York we guided around 2% to 3% of commodity inflation. Look like closer to 2% maybe so slightly better there, the labor front the situation hasn’t changed call it low double digit around 10% that we saw in the first quarter and that’s more or less we expect for the full year.
Pat Grismer: It’s more about timing because we’re what you are seeing in early part of the year is the full effect of the strategic investments that we made in our Pizza division importantly and international to built capability in development and digital which is where we see biggest opportunity to strengthen our competitive position. So as we lap those investments that was made up with the course of 2014, you’ll see less of an increase year-over-year in G&A, no reason to change our guidance for full year on G&A.
Pat Grismer: Labor inflation in China was about 10%, in terms of tax I mentioned in my earlier remarks that is the key driver of the expected difference in Q2 EPS performance versus Q1, tax worked to our benefit in Q1, it’s going to go against us in Q2 and that change among drives about 7 point swing in EPS growth versus prior year.
Pat Grismer: Just as we read on the sales as we extrapolate them to the end of the year. Again it’s always tough to estimate sales particularly at this point in the year particularly in a recovery environment, but if I have to make a call today, I would say that we are closer to that lower end however still gives us the momentum necessary to deliver the strong second half which is important to our ability to achieve at least 10% in EPS and still achieve the sequential improvement in quarter-on-quarter same-store sales.
Pat Grismer: Sure so the answer is yes we saw good bounce in the Taco Bell performance across all day part, so when you grow 6% same-store sales right even though the breakfast was still around 6%. It obviously means we’re getting growth in breakfast, so we saw good consistent growth across all day parts. And I think that’s because we’ve got innovation which is clearly relevant to more than one day part. We’ve got very disruptive advertising and I think all of that is working along with the improved customer service and continued great value. I think that’s the reason why we’re delivering such a consistent performance.
Pat Grismer: Brian absolutely we have seen commodity tailwinds and that remains a source of upside for us for the full year. Again taking you back to where we were at in New York when we provided guidance around commodities, at the time we were expecting about 2% to 3% at Taco Bell. It’s now looking like it’s going to be flat, closer to flat and that’s because what we’re still expecting inflation in beef it’s not going to be as extreme as we have thought. We’re actually seeing higher deflation for cheese than we had originally expected and we’re also seeing now deflation in chicken, so all of the things are working in our favor. At the same time, we got the benefit of pricing actions we took last year, so not a lot by way of new pricing actions but importantly roll over from last year when commodity cost had spiked. What makes me feel really good is that even with that significant pricing benefit versus the commodity inflation that we see today are value scores are actually getting stronger and I think it’s because of the way the team has been very thoughtful and very intelligent around the way they’ve taken pricing. They’ve taken pricing when we’ve introduced new innovation. They’ve taken pricing when we’ve offered new value on the menu and I think it’s because of this discipline that they’ve been able to strengthen their value scores and we feel very good about where things are at with margins today at Taco Bell.
Pat Grismer: Jeff I think the answer is we’ve said early the KFCs has not had one but two sequential incidents which we’ve never experienced before I think that’s I think one of the key underlying reasons why you may be seeing the KFC recovery though the good news is it is sequentially getting better maybe while the absolute recovery is taking a little longer. I think that really remains the key reason and that’s the key thing we’re seeing in all the work that we’re doing in China.
Pat Grismer: Jeffrey there’s no doubt in our mind that comps that same-store sales will return that is averaging along, it will return to where they will or where they were in 2012. It’s not a question of if, it’s just a question of when. That’s not going to happen in 2015 and we’ve never said that, but we remain very confident in our ability to continue to grow our sales layers and achieve the comps the AUVs that we had in 2012. With that then will come the improvement in margins and just as we’ve seen margins hold up really well even under sales pressure we know that when the sales come back there’s enormous operating leverage in our business. And so I remain confident that we will get back 20%. It’s tough to say exactly when that’s going to happen, but as from where I sit that remains a reasonable expectation for that business in the mid-term.
Pat Grismer: And Jeffrey what I would also point out is that when we look and we share these numbers before and we look at the top 10% of our KFC restaurants in China, we see average unit volumes that are well above 2 million close to $2.5 million or more. That compares very favorably to what McDonald’s has achieved by way of global average unit volumes so versus where we stand today there’s nothing but upside and we’re confident we’re not only going to get back to where AUVs were in 2012, we’re going to shoot beyond that. Again it’s tough to say exactly when that’s going to happen, but we do have strong belief in our ability to rebuild sales and to bring with that the restaurant level margin importantly reinforced by all the great work the team has done to drive significant productivity improvement during the period of sale softness.
Pat Grismer: I think the answer is that we – an analysis about performance is just we just went value competitive in the marketplace whether that was entry price point whether that was single pizzas whether it was pays, so we clearly have a lot of work to do. What I’m excited about is that the team with franchisees we’ve had a value summit in the last couple of weeks. We’ve shared all the information and all of our knowledge around that value positioning and what we have to do and I think what you’ll see is us come out aligned as one system in order to make a stronger value statement in the marketplace.
Pat Grismer: I think the answer is all of the above. We have to have good entry level price points. We have to have good single pizzas. We have to have good pan pizzas and we have to have good abundant value and I think we can and will do much better across all of those elements of the price value equation.
Pat Grismer: Well we’re always very thoughtful around pricing in much the same way I just want Taco Bell thinking very carefully around when we’re introducing innovation and making sure that we protect value on the menu as we have done in our China business, for KFC in China we had about 3% of total pricing in the quarter, 2% of that was roll over from last year. Now we took an incremental of 2% pricing action in the middle of January which yielded about 1% of pricing benefit on the quarter. We continue to maintain the value and of course we see no reason to take significant incremental pricing actions beyond this probably the situation based on helping the trending in the business in very sensitive the value of course and the importance of value to regaining traction with consumers. On the Pizza Hut side we took 2 and 2.5% of pricing in late 2014, so we have the roll over effective that of planning out in Q1. There again just being very sensitive to what things are ever brand, looking at future pricing actions potentially time to the introduction of new product innovation and maintaining those strong value and goes on the menu.
Pat Grismer: I’ll address the second question first and then come back to the outlook for the full year. On the margin front one of the things I love about our China team is that they have a mindset of continuous improvement. So as you know they made extraordinary progress on restaurant level productivity in the middle of 2013 and the early part of 2014, all of those of initiatives and the associated margin benefit have sustained into 2015. But they are coming over the top of that with some new productivity initiatives which proves instrumental to their ability to deliver the better than expected margin performance in the first quarter. In the early three elements to this, the first is with respect to what we call pace setter analysis which is essentially benchmarking the best team labor performance within the specific sales band each one of our brands they moved out from an annual discipline to a quarterly discipline and they set targets accordingly after having conducted market test to ensure that there was no impact to the customer experience. So effectively through that more [regular/vigorous] approach to labor planning. They were able to tighten the labor schedules in a way that ensure that we continue to meet customer expectations. But they do it a lot more efficiently. Second piece was around the mix of student and part time team members. So they increase the mix and that delivered a benefit to labor in the quarter and that sustained balance of the year and then the third which is taking [hard/how] to look at management staffing levels in the context that our sales were out and adjusting plans and managing to that. So again three elements to the work they did this quarter which we sustaining through the balance for the year.
Pat Grismer: And maybe the last one I would make on it is that the combined effect of these new productivity initiatives contributed about 1 to 2 points of margin improvement versus prior year and again we see that sustaining do to the end of the year. Now the first question you asked Jason was about our outlook for China profit and the extent to which we’re assuming some profit improvement at KFC. We’re assuming that KFC will improve profits this year that is working in our full year outlook for EPS growth and when you added all up in conjunction with in order to expecting the other divisions and even with this stronger than expected headwind from foreign exchange we get to at least 10% EPS growth.
Pat Grismer: Certainly Sara, so first starting with closures, we had a higher to normal level of closures last year for China division beat by [indiscernible]. So it’s we were consolidating these states, there was significant impact to the unit count in China. Most of that is now behind us and so when you look at our core brands actually closures in 2014 were lower than they were in 2013 and we expect 2015 to be below 2014, there will always be closures in a restaurant business the size of ours. But we do see that moderating. And then in terms of the returns we’re very pleased with the returns we’re seeing on our new unit investments as you know we continued to shift the mix of development down to the lower tier cities for KFC and then more probably the Pizza Hut given the relative strength of the Pizza the economic model, so here are couples of start they could help with that, so for KFC in the first quarter 67% of our new units openings were in tier 3 and below cities and that compared to 53% for the entire year of 2012. So, quite a significant shift there and then for Pizza casual dining business for the first quarter that brand accounted for 35% of total division unit openings and that compares to 24% for 2012. So again you can see the shifts that are happening in our portfolio and all of that is formed by our discipline around where we direct our capital. We did redeploy capital to the higher return opportunities that’s been good discipline in China over the years and we’re continuing to move in that direction and so that gives us confidence in the continued investment or making in that business and I would say is related to 700 that we’re expecting this year. There is every reason to believe over the long run as our business grows to that number will hedge higher, back in 2012 we opened nearly 900 units. So we certainly have the capacity and we’ve unmatched capability to do it, for us it’s all about being great discipline not getting too far ahead of ourselves and making sure that our capital is deployed to the highest return opportunities.
Pat Grismer: John, you clearly understand our business very well because everything you mentioned for once part, what the team has done to drive year on year improvement and labor productivity. And as I said before one of the thing we love about the team is that they have a continuous improvement mindset, we continually help them as the best operating team we have anywhere in the world and they continue to take it to the next level. So, they are managing to tighter schedule but that schedule is fully uniformed by us I mentioned more frequent updates to their pay setter analysis and taking it to a full market testing. So we have a confidence as Greg mentioned before that we are not doing this to an extent that is going to adversely impact the customer experience. But at the same time, the team continues to reengineer the back-half. So they have a team of very skilled engineers who look at equipment lab, who look at how labor is deployed behind the front counter to better accommodate – the lines that develop at a restaurant at lunch and dinner time more cost effectively. So there is a lot of intelligence and thought and rigger that is applied to how we do this but it is that continues improvement mindset that is really at the hard at all.
Pat Grismer: The trend continued to show competition intensifying in the higher tier cities, so that’s no change from before but interestingly and this is consistent with what we have said in our Q4 earnings call. We are seeing better recovery, we are seeing actually stronger sales to our sales performance of those tier 1 cities, relative to the lower tier cities, so that trends has persisted.
Pat Grismer: It absolutely make sense to continue to pivot towards the lower tier cities for two reasons, first of all there is more opportunity because those markets are less penetrated and we have the ability unlike competitors to move quickly and gain at that first mover advantage and then secondly there is this superior cost structure, where labor and rent cost are lower in the lower tier cities. Therefore the sales hurdles are lower and therefore we get higher returns on investment because remember we are getting the same AUVs – average unit volumes in lower tier cities as we are in the higher tier cities so we get the same sales volume but with the higher margin and with the similar investment. So the returns are superior and there are more opportunities out there because those cities are more rapidly developing and they are less heavily penetrated.
Pat Grismer: And then on the agreement we have reached with our U.S. franchises in the financials around that, $185 million in total, most of that being recorded as a special items, the advertising piece which amounts about $20 million per year about $10 million or so is going to fall into 2015 that will flow through regular operating income and that is reflected in our guidance still of at least 10% EPS growth this year.  In terms of the benefits, this is a multi-year program, so we expected that the benefits will accrue over the long term as well and we expect to see benefits from each element of that program. So we do expect sales to be better with the incremental advertising. We do expect to see sales lift from the incentive that we are offering to accelerate the pace of remodels such that 70% of our KFC which stable will be a current image by 2017 and that we are expecting to see sales left from the investments we are making for franchises in new equipment which puts them in a position not only to offer the more contemporary menu but to do so in a fashion that provides a better customer experience with better reliability and there will a sales benefit associated with that and we expect that will built over the time and that’s the underlying business case here. The size of the investment for a business of KFC U.S. size but we do expect to see the value that business improve significantly on the back of these investments and with the outstanding brands strategies that Jason Market and his team have put in place.
Greg Creed: Yes certainly. Well you may recall from our financial modeling session in December that we said we needed at least 3% same-store sales growth in China to achieve our China profit growth objectives consistent with delivering 10% EPS growth or better for all of Yum! So based on current trends we still fall within that range of 3% to 7%. We still have a big chunk of the year ahead of us, so it’s always tough to call these things, but what I’m suggesting is that it may be closer to lower end of the range than the higher end of the range but importantly we have a lot of confidence in the productivity initiatives the team delivered in Q1 and we believe that those will sustain through the balance of the year. So any relative softness in sales will be made up with better performance from a profit flow through perspective. And then quickly on Pizza Hut, as we said before Pizza Hut is recovering more strongly than KFC and that continues to be the case because KFC faced two supplier incidents in two years this is the first incident for Pizza Hut, so we are seeing the consumer metrics and the sales recover faster than at KFC. From a margin perspective, we posted 19% on the quarter. Pizza was actually to 20%.
Greg Creed: Jeff I just think we’re a brand building company and every day each one of our brands in 126 countries we operate is really focused on four things. Making our brands more relevant, making them more engaged, making them all connected and demonstrating that we care. And I think if we follow that philosophy on all of our brands in every country in which we operate, we will continue to see strong same-store sales growth across the business.
Greg Creed: When you go any products across the menu it’s a combination as we said earlier. So there is product for lunch and dinner. It’s a cross variant price points and what I like is that I think the presentation of these products and the position of these product is really good having a chance to do it. So it’s not one particular focus.
Greg Creed: I just wanted to reinforce one point to Pat made. This productivity has not been at the expense of the customer experience. I think it’s very important that we do continually monitor the customer experience as we go through this process and I’m really happy with. The customer experience is actually growing slightly bigger, effective making productivity improvements and so I think overall it’s well for the future.
Greg Creed: Sure, Sara. I’ll give you the specific example of the China there are six people that we took, 3 of them worked with KFC outside of China but 3 of them work to Taco bell and I think the Taco bell team included people who are very strong in advertising, product positioning, digital and social mobile and that’s where we think Taco bell probably excels. So I think our ability to take people not just from within the brand or within the geography but across brand and across geography is something that is particularly unique beyond.
Greg Creed: Just to further built on that, they know how sharing. I think the labor productivity is an another example where we share labor productivity around the world. So as you probably know we have some pretty high labor markets, Australia and UK and we are able to share those earnings on like transactions per labor hour and obviously share that best practice not just around but all around the world and again not just with in KFC but all the other brands. So I think the labor productivity is another example of the paradigm.
Greg Creed: I think the success has been, [indiscernible] and what we have done we stayed on as far other box and traditionally at KFC we tend to have, our sandwich promotions that we got in the markets and the challenge is as you put, it doesn’t matter how many people—out of the eat out of the $20 bundle it’s still $20 on the television and I think what the team has learned and its really stay rigorously on is the fact on the box. So now we have about four different versions of it, so there is obviously variety that we can offer the customer and also enables to come back with different insights and new communications but I think the consistency of staying around is really powerful entry price point has really been one of the key of success a KFC in the U.S.
Greg Creed: So, I thank everybody for being on the call. I know today is a very busy day with a lot of restaurants releasing earnings. So that you took the time to be with us, we really appreciate. I just want to reiterate that we believe that we are well set to deliver at least 10% EPS growth not only in 2015 but beyond. Thanks for being with us today. Much appreciated.
