David Gibbs: Yes, thank you for the question, Gregory. Obviously, in our prepared remarks, and I'll reiterate in my comments now, we are very confident in the pace of development. The pipeline has never looked better for us. Obviously, it varies country by country, but franchisees are getting great returns. You heard yesterday, Yum! China commit to continued strong growth and the great returns they're getting through development. Even Pizza Hut US is picking up the pace of development. We see lots of reasons to be hopeful, and we have a lot of good visibility into the pipeline, the development agreements that we've struck with franchisees and the way we're evolving our asset types, I think is another tailwind for us on development. Like we mentioned when we were in China, we've seen this new model that they've come up with, the satellite Pizza Hut Delco store, which we believe they can blow out and be a real growth driver for them. It's just one example.
David Gibbs: Yes, I'll talk about pizza, but on the digital front, one thing I really want to emphasize is just the talent we've been able to attract to the digital space, both at Yum! and at the brands, is unbelievable. We are becoming a talent magnet in digital. It's a great place to work. We're investing behind this. Our franchisees are quickly adopting it. And even though we're at $30 billion of sales and growing fast, we're still in the early innings of what this can do to the business and the way it can transform us. So we could not be more excited about digital. And we will continue to report on the various metrics, loyalty, and things like that as we go forward and keep you guys informed on the journey. On Pizza Hut, yes, obviously, sometimes we forget. We look at one year numbers without really looking at the full picture. Q1 for Pizza Hut U.S., we have an enormous lap. And obviously, I have to take that into account as we launched melts last year, very successfully, and are now rolling that around the world. But we certainly are planned for Pizza Hut U.S. to be positive for the year. The team has a number of things planned for the calendar as we go forward. And we love the fact that Pizza Hut globally hit a new record on that new unit development and is becoming a bigger and bigger contributor to that part of our growth. And certainly Yum! China last night talked a lot about the great success and the wide runway they have for Pizza Hut in that market.
David Gibbs: Yes. And as far as, the U.S. consumer and pricing, just some good news to share there at least from a Yum! perspective, as we think about the U.S. consumer, the best way for us to look at it is obviously through the lens of our Taco Bell business, which is a vast majority of our U.S. sales and profits. Throughout 2024, we saw a slight outperformance from our restaurants that were in low 2023, restaurants that were in low income trade areas versus the rest of the business. So with the low income consumer, I know there's been a lot of talk about, are they dropping out? Certainly for Taco Bell, that actually, looks, it looks like we're doing a great job of holding onto them. In fact, in both the entire year and in Q4, we saw the low income consumer trade areas outperform the rest of the business. And I think that speaks to the strength of Taco Bell in this environment. It is a value leader in so many ways. When you talk to consumers about value, they win on every value perception score. And they can do value with innovation, which is also a great combination. And they can do value while having industry leading margins. So you think about the room that we have to compete with everybody else in the category. I really, really like our position with Taco Bell. Obviously, as we move into Q1, we've got tougher laps, U.S. weather, really played havoc on sales early in the quarter. And as we've said, it's going to be the lowest quarter of the year. But we think this environment is one that obviously we can thrive in the U.S. and there will be less pricing to the point of your question. But it's not going to slow Taco Bell down in terms of being able to connect with consumers and grow transactions.
David Gibbs: Sure. Yes, just to build on my comments about the Taco Bell business in the U.S. and how it's set up to thrive in this environment, the value menu that we've recently tweaked in the U.S. to be $3 and under is actually over indexing a little bit with consumers versus test and expectations, which isn't a bad thing because it's a real competitive advantage for us and it's designed to maintain franchisee profitability. So there may be some small shifts in consumer behaviors, but as I said on previous calls, we just are slowly returning to a more normal operating environment where value is always important in the category as is convenience. And food innovation and great ability. And we think we just win on all those fronts with Taco Bell and why we're excited about 2024.
David Gibbs: Well, in terms of the comp outlook, obviously the Middle East creates some uncertainty for the environment. And Chris just talked about one of the levers that we have to pull, which is improving our efficiency and holding G&A flat year-over-year. But the bigger picture is we're really excited about the initiative that each of the brands has going just to give you a glimpse. Taco Bell in 2024 is going to have twice the innovation on the calendar that they had in 2023. And I've obviously seen a lot of this innovation and have excited about the impact it's going to have with consumers. I mentioned the fact that in the US, it's a brand that thrives in a value environment. But around the world, just to give you some more color on Q4, we have positive transaction growth in Q4 despite the impact that the Middle East had on our overall business. So we think the year sets up where, obviously, the Middle East is a big variable, but putting that aside, we think the year sets up to be another great year for Yum! all around the world with sales growth. And a lot of it is driven by us leaning in more on what we call category entry points, opening up new lines of business for us. I'm excited in a couple of days to head to South Africa to see the great work that that team is doing in terms of launching breakfast and the beverage work that they're doing that's really having a positive impact on their sales. But we've got stories like that going on all around.
David Gibbs: Yes. Thank you, Dennis. Yes. So look, Taco Bell in Q4 just to put a little bit more numbers around it, put up a two year number of a plus 15, again, going back to sometimes we forget what we were lapped and we were lapping massive Mexican pizza performance. They were able to lap that and grow on that in a challenging consumer environment. We think that favors them. And absolutely what you said is absolutely true. We're constantly looking to gain market share. And the Taco Bell business has been doing that for now for many years. And we think this is an environment that favors them. So it couldn't be more excited about the growth that Taco Bell has ahead of it in the U.S. And we've really just begun with that brand. And I'm excited about Sean and the team we've got in place to lead that. I'll wrap up by one of my fun facts that, we get hit with so many of them as we're preparing for these calls. But if you're not aware, in the last three years, 25% of all young restaurants have been built. And you're talking about brands that have been 50 to 70 years old and older, but yet in the last three years, nearly 25% of our restaurants were built in the last three years. It gives you a sense for, first of all, how the condition of our asset base around the world and how new it feels given the age of the brands, but also the commitment that our franchisees have to this business. They're investing their capital in building those stores. And we always talk about net new units. That's gross new units. A lot of those stores were placed, the stores that had reached the end of their useful life. So it shows their commitment to the next 20-30 years of the brand and they are fantastic partners. They've always been our competitive advantage. We're seeing that even just managing through the Middle East and how Americana has done such a good job of that. And we couldn't be more excited given the development pipeline, the commitment that our franchisees have and the strength of our brands as we head into 2024. Thank you for your time today.
Chris Turner: Yes, thanks, Brian. If we talk about the algorithm this year and our confidence in delivering it, I'll start by reiterating our primary growth driver, which David just talked about on development. Obviously, one of our strongest pipelines in recent years, lots of reasons to be excited about development continuing at or above that 5% in the algorithm. We talked about from a same store sales standpoint, we expect sequential improvement through the year. Our two primary growth drivers, KFC International and Taco Bell U.S. continue to have strong positions in their markets around the globe. Obviously, we've got the Middle East headwind that we mentioned that we'll deal with. We expect sequential improvement throughout the year. And so we're confident in the trajectory on that piece. But then you get to the 8%, at least 8% core operating profit growth, which is really what the algorithm is intended to drive. And that's where we've got, even more levers at our disposal. So we mentioned that we expect flat G&A year-over-year which reflects, how we're managing that component of the P&L. And so we've got, confidence in the actions that we're taking there. There's a component of that around our digital and technology approach as our capabilities become more and more mature. We get more and more leverage out of those capabilities. And of course, we're doing all of that in service of our franchisees where we're building leading edge capabilities at the lowest cost for them and we've invested ahead. But we also mentioned the productivity programs that we continue to drive, which in the past few years have been used to fund those incremental investments in D&T. But we're going to continue to drive those productivity improvements. And then, finally, we're lapping some larger than normal incentive programs that will help from a G&A standpoint as well. So you add it all up. We're very confident in delivering that at least 8% core operating profit growth in our algorithm.
Chris Turner: Yes, thanks so much. I'll start with digital. So yes, look, our digital capabilities continue to drive actually all elements of our algorithm. They support strong unit economics. As you heard, we continue to expand the easy operations capabilities which make our restaurants easier for our team members to operate. And it helps our franchisees drive productivity. And so that is helping us ensure that our franchisees continue to have strong unit economics which allows them to invest in building new stores. If you look at that 10% global system sales growth for the full year, we think digital played a big part of that, both on the unit side and on the same store sales side. And then, as I said, from a profitability standpoint for Yum!, as those capabilities continue to mature, we can get more and more leverage out of our digital technology teams and capabilities in-house. And so that's part of us bending the curve on those investments that I mentioned in our G&A plan for the year. So again, we're very pleased with the progress on the digital front and we still have, a lot of that journey ahead of us, and we described big plans this year to continue to accelerate the roll up.
Chris Turner: Yes. So the G&A, we ended the year ex-special at $1.17 billion. We expect to be flat on that in the 52 weeks. So there should be an apples-to-apples, comparison on that commentary run plan.
Chris Turner: And then David, as you mentioned, we do have multiple levers to ensure that we land the ultimate component of the algorithm, which is at least 8% core operating profit growth. We've talked about the flat G&A plan, and we also referenced in the comments some of the productivity projects that we have going on. So we're laser focused on that component as well and have plenty of levers we can pull.
