Micky Pant: This is Micky. Pizza Hut Casual Dining, as you probably remember in 2015, we opened 280 units and over the last four years, we virtually doubled the estate. And we saw the trend over the last year of same-store sales and our judgment was that we should pause for a bit, so we will still build. We will be the leading developer of casual dining restaurants by far in China, but we paused for a bit. I think we're encouraged by the trend that we're seeing currently when same-store sales come back to positive territory and we will re-step up the build rate of Pizza Hut Casual Dining.  As far as refurbishment is concerned, that is applicable to both our brands and it was our judgment that it was very important to improve the customer experience and also to be able to bring our estate in line with retail in China which has been modernizing in general very rapidly. So we've, as David Gibbs mentioned in his comments, we increased our remodel rate across both brands and in aggregate that will be about 800 this year, so we've effectively, in the last 18 months, doubled our rate of refurbishment to bring the estate to acceptable levels. So it's not as though we're reinvesting only in Pizza Hut. We're reinvesting in both the brands. I hope that answers your question.
Micky Pant: No, I think you covered it well, David. I just want to reassure you -- I think this question came up in the last earnings call as well, is that is there anything fundamentally changing about our strategy or the delivery of sales and profits from new units as we go forward as compared to the past? And I think in general terms the answer is, no. We continue to build aggressively. The brand mix changed a bit and you know as David mentioned, we did build Pizza Hut Home Service restaurants that tend to be lower volume and KFC had slowed a little bit because of the two years of difficulty in sales. We fully expect KFC development this year to be ahead of our original plans and in general terms, we see the efficiency and delivery from new units as being just as good as it's been in the past. In general terms, our focus at the moment is to raise traffic and sales in all our stores and that's one of the reasons we moderated new unit builds this year. We're encouraged by the trends that we're seeing and we hope we can continue to deliver growth in sales.
Micky Pant: Okay, well Pizza Hut Casual Dining I think is in a much better position with regards to the consumer proposition than it was even I would say three months ago. The positioning of the brand is quite clear. It's been explained and carried forward through the organization. It's an integrated position which covers new product development as well as service down to uniforms etcetera. and I think it's resonating well. It's called Love to Share and it's appropriate because unlike KFC where most people come in single or order their meals individually; in Pizza Hut, it's a group that tend to order their meals together. And also as you know there's a big phenomenon now of sharing the food experience through social media. And all of that is working in our favor. On both brands, the emphasis has been to continue our rate of innovation and to continue to give consumers great news. The difference is that we're doing it in a way that is operationally friendly so that it does not slow speed of service or cause problems with value. In the case of KFC, for example, as Greg mentioned, that includes Box Meals which has a well tried-and-tested formula globally that offers consumers not three but five items for a slightly higher price and offers great value. The innovation across all platforms is strong, but the big difference I think is that it is now a practical innovation that gives choice without complicating operations a great deal. Across all dayparts also, we've made significant investments in high quality coffee machines in both brands and high quality ice cream machines in the case of KFC to be able to improve our delivery and our quality of product.
Micky Pant: Yes, I think one of the strengths of Yum! in China is that we're so widely present across the country, as you know over 1,000 cities with KFC. As mentioned earlier, our Pizza Hut development rate this year has been moderated a bit, but KFC will be on or ahead of plan. I can confirm that our new unit returns are very high. They are at the highest they've been for four years in terms of percentage of units beating hurdle rate as set in the CapEx. So we're very confident that we're not over-expanding at all in the smaller-tier cities. It is our belief that under challenging economic conditions you get the best long term deals and if we're able to secure long leases for these stores, we're very confident these stores will make good returns in the future. So I don't think we're concerned at the moment with the rate of return on our new store sales.
Micky Pant: Thank you. Karen, in general we had as you know, commodities were very favorable in the first half, so we really didn't see any reason to take pricing. We continue to offer bigger meal bundles and especially buckets and they offer a great value anyway. The net impact of pricing is actually two which is all rollover. The rest of it one shape, way or form is on account of more customers or more food per customer which are both good news. We have to watch commodity inflation in the back half.  At the moment we feel pretty confident that we can deliver through other productivity initiatives our profit targets without having to take recourse through pricing. But obviously we remain sensitive to commodity and we will not be stupid about it, but we do want to contain pricing for as long as possible, to maintain price stability in the market as well as to continue to offer great value. We're very focused on transaction growth, but we will not do it at the expense of profits come to that. The way things are at the moment, we feel pretty comfortable that through the year we do not have to take any further pricing, but we're watching commodity, especially poultry very carefully in the back half.
Micky Pant: I will just take your pricing question and then hand over to David. We do not really see any need at the moment to sacrifice margins. We believe we have good price points now. We've captured key velocity price points around the RMB29 mark for individual meals for slightly bigger meals for individuals at RMB35 mark and I believe our buckets are competitively priced. We're very keen to hold that for a period, but we don't see any reason to lace up the transactions any further. I don't think it will get helped particularly by pricing. We're however doing more and more effective marketing activity through digital media, etcetera. which is a complicated topic, but we're getting higher and higher efficiencies that's allowing us to target specific consumers that will allow us to drive traffic to our stores and develop sales satisfactorily. So the short answer is we're not looking at all to dilute our margin.
Greg Creed: I think we're not going to forecast obviously the balance of the quarter and I think as we said, we're pleased with the way the quarter has opened, whether that be in obviously China on both KFC and Pizza Hut or whether in the U.S. where we've actually seen Taco Bell sales turn positive. So I think we're excited by the positive momentum we've got. We do know and we spoke about the fact that, obviously as you said, the lap gets harder. But I do see some encouraging signs in the progress we're making in a number of the businesses around the world.
Greg Creed: Let me just add. I think what you are seeing in China is what you are starting to see in the rest of the world which is on the KFC brand, we're very focused on what buckets, boxes, burgers and wings and on Pizza Hut it's back to pizzas and pan pizzas in particular, so I think a return to the core and belief in the core that it can drive same-store sales is what you are seeing in China. I think it's resonating there and it's what you'll also see in the balance of our business around the world.
Greg Creed: I will take the second one first which was G&A. I think as we've said and continue to say, we will have a comprehensive review of our G&A structure in October when we meet. Obviously we're going through the whole strategy structure, the culture process and I'm very confident that we will be able to share in great detail those numbers when we meet in October. So I think we're only a couple of months away. We're finalizing all of those plans and we will be able to provide a greater amount of detail about the efficiency we can bring to the business. With that I will throw the first part of the question back to--
Greg Creed: And I think the other thing is, as we said we're seeing some improvement as we start the third quarter. Taco Bell which obviously was negative in Q2 has turned positive in Q3 through the first five or six weeks of the quarter. The KFC U.S. number is also stronger than the plus 2% we had, so I think we're feeling that there's some momentum. Obviously, I think as we all know in the U.S., the market is a little soft, but I think that we see some momentum in sales. I think that we believe that commodities will be under control and I think as I even may have said on the last call, we're confident we can deliver the outside of China profit numbers even if the sales numbers are just a little tough to get to.
Greg Creed: And if you, if you want to talk about the U.S., I think that was also part of the question. I think the Taco Bell miss was a transaction miss pretty much. I think that's probably the best way to describe it. And our look at the category also is probably for the trailing 13 weeks the U.S. is probably running about minus 1 same-store transactions and probably around plus 1 same-store sales. So that's the sort of numbers that we see. But the Taco Bell miss was essentially driven by transactions. But as I said, I'm happy that in the first five or six weeks of the third quarter we're back in positive territory on Taco Bell. So that's a nice change in momentum.
Greg Creed: I think with regard to the spin, I think as we've said multiple times, we looked at a number of options to maximize shareholder value and we believe and continue to believe that a separation or a spin is the best way to maximize shareholder value. We're 100% focused on that. As we said in the Form 10 filings -- everything else is going ahead in China, starting things like Board selection. And so we're really doing all the things you'd expect. We're right on our timeline in order to hit the separation on October 31, plus or minus a couple of days. And we continue to believe that is the very best way to maximize shareholder value. I will hand over to David who can just give you an update on cash return.
Greg Creed: That's a good question. I think, as we said earlier, there is I call it a malaise in the U.S., is probably the best way to describe it. And I think there was an interesting report out yesterday that I think 75% of people 18 to 30 believe that the U.S. is either falling behind or failing as a nation, according to a GenForward Survey. So that's not particularly good news from just what are people thinking. As I said earlier, we believe that in the U.S. the market is on a trailing 13 is about a minus 1% in transacts, it's probably plus 1% in sales. As I said, I think the good news is we have started the third quarter stronger than we had in the second quarter. I think what it means is for brands like Taco Bell, we've got to make sure that we get our communication really tight and focused. I don't necessarily believe it means we have to drop our prices anymore. I think we've got to do a better job of communicating our value. And we also have to remember that the Taco Bell brand always responds to incredible breakthrough innovation. So I think you'll see more of that coming from Taco Bell. I have to give the KFC U.S. teams credit. I think George Hamilton, as the new Colonel behind Extra Crispy is brilliant and that is having a positive impact on our sales momentum at KFC in the U.S. right now. So we've gone back to a core product. We haven't had to discount. We've obviously wrapped it around $20 buckets and $5 boxes, but we've just done a much better job of breaking through with the communication. And then I think on Pizza Hut, we've announced that we're moving to a new agency. We will get to a new campaign sometime before the end of the year and I think the Pizza Hut team would agree, we can do a better job of communicating both better and easy. So I'm positive about what's happening now and I'm positive about what the guys are working on. And as I said, kudos to the KFC team, who I think have taken a core product and demonstrated you can deliver above-category growth by making sure you really have breakthrough communication. So better communication and making sure we've got the right price point, making sure we've got breakthrough innovation. I know that's what the three U.S. brands are focused on. I'm encouraged by what I'm seeing and I'm encouraged by the momentum we have going into the third quarter.
Greg Creed: So what I would like to do, I think just to quickly wrap up. So first of all, I want to thank you all for being on the call. We really appreciate it. Pretty much my last answer probably summed up a lot of it which was we're encouraged by the progress we're making, particularly in those businesses that we've been focused on which is both Pizza Hut and KFC in China as well as KFC and Pizza Hut in the U.S. As I said, we're off to a good start in the third quarter in both China and the U.S. and all of us and particularly I'm looking forward to catching up with everyone at the Investor Conference in New York on October 11. Thanks for being with us today. We really appreciate it.
David Gibbs: I guess what I would say is, it's really quite hard to look at one, two, three year comps in China and with any certainty be able to forecast sales. We're encouraged by the trends that we're seeing right now. We're not changing our annual guidance of 2% to 3% same-store sales growth in China. We're in that range today year to date, but certainly if the current trends continue we would be able to beat that number. We do caution that the second half laps get more difficult, but again it depends on how you look at them. The initial food event that we're lapping occurred towards the back half of July and that makes the comps really hard to look at.
David Gibbs: Just in terms of our forecasting through the year, the use of the word at least obviously indicates that we see some upside to the numbers that we're communicating, but as we've all learned, these are difficult businesses to forecast with any precision. I feel more comfortable conveying where we're at with those terms.
David Gibbs: I will take the margin question and then I will turn it over to Micky for some color on developments which is what I think you are looking for. On the margins, you can see we had 1 point of margin improvement in China in the second quarter. That was really fundamentally the food and paper outperformed the inflation that we saw in labor to give us a 1 point benefit. What went into that food and paper upside is really sort of four components. It was a price benefit, a mix benefit. We did have deflation and then of course, the VAT shows up there and in a couple of other line items. And then I will turn it over to Micky for some color on development.
David Gibbs: I think on a combined basis, we did talk about that the second half of the year would be better for us from a profit standpoint and that Q2 was a difficult quarter for us. So as I reiterated in my prepared remarks, we feel like the divisions from a profit standpoint are on track.
David Gibbs: Yes. So for China, we can provide you at a division level that price contributed 2 points, mix contributed 3 points and that covered a 5 point decline in transactions. Of course as we talked about on the last call, the transaction decline is not necessarily per person, as we think our party size has increased given the promotions that we're running.
David Gibbs: Let me clarify something, Karen, then I will turn it over to Micky. On the pricing, that was all roll-over pricing, there was no pricing raise in the quarter. But I will turn it over to Micky for more color.
David Gibbs: Yes, as far as cash return goes, obviously we feel good about the share repurchases we've made year-to-date at attractive prices and that our stock is priced attractively for continued share buyback. But that's something that we will continue to evaluate. There's other options, special dividends, tender offers and we will continue to revisit that decision as time goes on, but the intent obviously is to return that cash this year.
David Gibbs: Yes and then on the share buyback question, just a little bit more detail on that. Our plan is to get the vast majority of the buyback done by the separation. But obviously we're going to be smart about it and recognize that we have to comply with the regulations on that. So some of that may spill over but we still think we will get it all done by the end of the year.
