David Gibbs: Yes. Thanks Dave. I think you are right. KFC and Pizza Hut have done a tremendous job navigating this tricky environment over the last year. But very importantly, they have done a great job setting themselves up for future success. A lot of that, as you mentioned, good marketing, the rollout of the KFC sandwich, I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, but it bears repeating. That has been a very successful launch with a great product. It really is a winning product in the category, and we are excited about the impact that will have, along with Secret Recipe Fries that rolled out in the quarter. But on Pizza Hut specifically, the comment about health is also well put. The Pizza Hut franchisees over the last year, given the success they have had, the ability to close some of the underperforming dine-in stores that we have been trying to get out of, those – all of those moves together have strengthened their financial condition in a very big way and that sets them up for a much growth going forward. A big part of that is just the ownership of NPC, which we also mentioned, Greg Flynn and his organization taking over a good chunk of the Pizza Hut U.S. stores is a huge positive for the brand. They are great restaurant operators, great businessmen that has a great team underneath him, knows how to run restaurants as well as anybody in this country. And very excited about the impact he will have taking over those stores and improving their operations, fixing up the assets and growing the business.
David Gibbs: Yes. Thanks so much. Good question on development. And as we said, we were encouraged by the momentum at the end of last year and the momentum in Q1. Our expectation for all of our brands is to be growing units, and that’s been our history and will continue to be our expectation going forward. KFC, we think, has historically been strong, and we want it to continue to be strong. But we have high expectations for Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and The Habit. Common across all of them is we think strong franchisees, very strong unit economics that improve as the business rebounds from COVID, continued brand love from consumers and ability to serve them on an off-premise basis. Plus, you are seeing us now integrate digital into the formats. And so post-COVID, optimized formats in each of those brands. And so with that, coupled with our very strong development teams, we think supports us on that trajectory back. And so we have expectations that we see strength across all of the brands going forward from a development standpoint.
David Gibbs: Yes. And for Taco Bell, I think there is excitement across the board for everything they have done over the last year under Mark King’s leadership and the great talent that we have at the brand and with our franchise partners, one of the strongest franchise systems you will ever find. The international development story is one that bears mentioning in terms of the opportunities we have there. We are starting to see ourselves get to scale in some markets. We always know that when we get to about 100 units in a market that’s when you really can start to unlock development, leverage marketing dollars to really create a virtuous cycle and a better unit economic play. We are starting to see that happen in a few markets around the world, and I think we are excited about the upside there. But even in the U.S., we also are leaning more into development as the unit economics look great right now. The opportunities in the U.S. real estate landscape are there. And our franchise partners are financially healthy and eager to go after them in concert with our team and picking the right opportunities that make money for them. The progress that we have made over the last year on digital is also an important part of the Taco Bell story. We are coming out of 2020 with a great loyalty program and a lot of loyalty members. That progress was made last year as we increased our digital sales. That lays the foundation for more success going forward. We did this – the first digital-only promotion of the $5 Create Your Own Box. It’s a great example of how having that digital business increasing gives us new tools to grow sales. So, I think the brand is really hitting on all cylinders. The product innovation is there. Once again, they have got something out of fries for the quarter, and they have got a great pipeline of stuff coming down the road. And the future for Taco Bell is incredibly bright with accelerating development growth, a strengthening brand, a great leadership team, great franchise partners.
David Gibbs: Yes. David, good question, if you look at Q1, I think a couple of things stand out. We had strong gross openings which were, in particular, driven by a few key markets in Asia, but general strength in openings across the board. You saw in the U.S., fewer closures. And in general, in the Pizza Hut global system, fewer closures than we had last year, which as we said in the prepared remarks, we think reflects a bit of a turn there, although there is still a lot of work to be done on the asset transformation, and there is still going to be choppiness from a unit standpoint in the Pizza Hut system. And so those are kind of what drove the shape of development in the quarter. As we said, there is still a lot of uncertainty going forward. If you get outside of the U.S., the COVID situation in certain countries is still very dire, and that leads to some unpredictability. That’s why we are not yet ready to commit to exactly when we can get back to the 4% number. But we do have enough confidence as we look at the current pipeline to say that we think we will be at the 3% number at least this year. But again, we have still got a fair bit of uncertainty out there given the global situation.
David Gibbs: Great, great question. So, we are excited about both of these acquisitions. If you think about the key areas of our technology strategy, they tied to two of those key areas, one being our e-commerce and technology platform. So, Tictuk enhances that by giving us one more way, one more channel for customers to easily access our brands, through channels like WhatsApp, social media, text messaging, we have had a really good success with it. And nearly 1,000 stores where we have already used Tictuk, and we have high expectations for that team, to continue to bring on new markets, and expand within each of the brands around the globe, we think it’s a great customer experience, really easy to reorder just a few seconds for those customers. So, we are excited about what it does on the platform. If you then think about another key area of our technology strategy, which is data and analytics and our ability to drive insights, Kvantum did squarely against that, brings a new capability in-house that many of our markets around the globe have used to optimize their marketing investments. And so we are excited that they are now continuing to serve more and more of our businesses internally. Both of these we think are high return, they are on the smaller side, but high return acquisitions. And importantly, they create a competitive advantage. And the reason we decided to acquire them is there is also the scaled economies that come from being able to apply their capabilities across the breadth of our global business.
David Gibbs: Sure, good question, Brian. I think all of this is actually fairly intuitive. Where we are seeing ourselves successful is for the most part in developed markets, like the U.S., Canada, Australia, the UK, for KFC, where they are ahead of the curve a little bit on vaccination, keeping the virus under control, people are back trading, and where our business is going into the pandemic had skewed more off-premise to begin with, and had well developed digital and tech capabilities. So, that trend is continuing for all the markets. Well, I think that’s something that we are pleased with is that where we were going, which usually we are a little bit ahead in developed market versus emerging markets is on point environment. So conversely, the other markets that are struggling, are the ones, perhaps where we had skewed more dine-in going into the pandemic, and where we have maybe government action that is limiting our ability to trade, for example, in some markets, I think, in India, we have got to close our stores now, at 3 o’clock in the afternoon, that’s obviously going to have an impact on our business. So, less mobility leads to less sales, but we know that those situations will work themselves hopefully out sooner rather than later, which is why I think long-term, we are still very confident in the international business and returning to even stronger growth.
David Gibbs: Yes, in past acquisitions that we have done like Quick Order have really paid off not only being done as a Pizza Hut acquisition, but leveraging the talent and some of the IP across other brands. So this thing is really, got all sorts of synergies and benefits as if as we make the right acquisitions. We have also done acquisitions outside of tech, like we bought Collider, a consumer insights company, that has been enormously helpful in us navigating the marketing environment all around the world and making sure we stay connected with consumers. And Collider in particular is really excited about the acquisition we did with Kvantum which will help them come up with insights on the marketing side, and then implement those insights most efficiently using Kvantum’s algorithms. So, a lot of this stuff is going to start to create even more synergies as we put the – what we believe is going to be the greatest tech team in the restaurant industry together. On the loyalty side, clearly, the move to digital that we are seeing with the consumer – with our consumer base, really enables us to leverage loyalty in an even bigger way. So Pizza Hut, which has had a loyalty program for quite some time now, continues to see more and more of their business going through that loyalty program, driven by frequent users that love the program. That’s why I have mentioned earlier, I was so excited about seeing Taco Bell launch their loyalty program would be hard to do when their digital mix was pretty low. Now, that they have a much bigger digital mix. That’s a great backdrop for us to engage with loyalty on our Taco Bell customers. And just as we would expect, we are seeing those customers coming back more frequently. Excited about the program and seeing giving us a new channel to communicate with them, market to them and grow the business.
David Gibbs: I guess, as the last question, I will just wrap up by saying we are all quite excited about Q1. But we know there is a lot more work to do. I think what you saw in Q1 just demonstrates the resilience of the business, how we are coming out of the pandemic in a lot of markets that are now getting to the other side of this stronger with a better foundation to grow. Evidenced by the development progress we are made in the quarter. But we all know this is a journey. We haven’t reached the finish line. We are not doing a victory dance. But we are very excited about the future. Appreciate everybody’s time today and look forward to talking to you on the next call.
