David Gibbs: Yes. Thanks, David. I guess, I would start by saying, if you haven't picked up on it, this is our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit system sales growth globally. So when you think about the consumer and what we're seeing in our business, obviously, it's a pretty good trading environment for us, and that momentum continued into Q3. And I'll also share that, that momentum is continuing into Q4. So now, part of that is the way that we're managing through some of the consumer pressures around the world. And certainly, you talked about China having their challenges. But there's challenges in every market. The UK, for example, we've got a lot of consumers faced with variable rate mortgages that's pressuring them. So our local UK team has put in place a program to have a Twister of the Day for GBP1.98, which is really resonating with consumers. And they're having in the midst of a good strong year in the UK. In Latin America and Caribbean, I was just down in that market with our great franchisee [Juan Carlo Serrano] (ph), visiting our stores in Colombia and Chile, looking at a new model that they've developed using a commissary which really improves the efficiency of our stores and the quality of product to allow us to provide even more value to customers in a pressured consumer environment. So certainly, there are pressures out there, but our franchisees, I think, do a better job than most by far, of navigating those pressures. I know what's on a lot of people's minds is what's going on in the US. It's well documented that there is more pressure on the US consumers doing loan payments coming due. And certainly, our industry has softened a little bit, but the industry is doing better than most industries, if you look at any of the industry-specific data. For us, though, the US is a much more favorable situation because Taco Bell is the majority of our sales and profits in the US. You saw the great results we put up for Taco Bell in the US this quarter. On a one and two year basis, sales accelerated in Q3. But really importantly, and this wasn't in the prepared remarks, I know you'll find it of interest, if we break down the Taco Bell stores in the United States by income demographic, we see really consistent 2% to 3% transaction growth across all income levels. So our stores in lower-income trade areas are performing well with good transaction growth, just like our stores in high-income trade areas. I think that speaks to the way Taco Bell can play value with things like the $5 box. And how also in a pressured consumer environment, we're probably benefiting a little bit from some trade down in those higher income trade areas. So, our lens on the consumer is obviously biased, but we're putting up strong results. We're seeing plenty of demand and we, once again, I think, are demonstrating we can thrive in any environment.
David Gibbs: Yes. Let me share some thoughts on technology to start, and then we'll shift over to Taco Bell. So on the broader technology program. As I mentioned, we like everything about those digital sales dollars as we continue to grow the digital business. We made tremendous progress. But as we've also said, I still feel like we're in the early innings of getting maximum impact out of the broader digital strategy. Of course, it goes across easy experiences, easy operations, easy insights, and we're still in the early days of bringing all of those elements together in common stores. And we really think there'll be a multiplicative effect as we implement more and more of these technologies together. If I just took, for example, the labor productivity benefits, helping our team members make their jobs easier in the stores, focus more of their time on customers and help our franchisees drive productivity, as you bring more of these elements together, you're able to take advantage of more of those productivity benefits. So as we start to layer the Poseidon POS, which makes running the front end easier, as we continue to take digital sales higher, which reduces the workload burden on taking orders and taking payments, you get higher accuracy on order taking, which reduces some of the rework and back of house. And then you bring on things that we mentioned earlier, voice AI at the drive-thru, fizz automation in terms of automated drink fulfillment, which works with the Poseidon POS, you really start to see a vision for the future where you've got a really great customer experience that you're delivering with high productivity for the franchisees. So we expect on this to continue to build and build. If we go to Taco Bell, you mentioned the loyalty program. Loyalty, more broadly, across our brands is a key focus area. We've been at north of 50% of all of our stores around the globe as part of a loyalty program, and that is continuing to grow. We've now implemented in the Middle East. KFC US is coming on later this year, and we continue to refine the way our loyalty programs work. You mentioned Taco Bell. They are now starting to really leverage the insights that we've generated from the early days of that program to refine the program over time. And we've implemented the Red 360, which is the first time we're bringing together insights across our brands in the US. So that will be a driver of Taco Bell growth. More broadly, on the strategy, as you mentioned, category entry points or use occasions is a big focus. We think there's a massive opportunity at lunch. We continue to focus on breakfast. You've probably seen the ads recently during sporting events. So all of those are part of the bright future ahead for Taco Bell.
David Gibbs: Sure. Look, I think one thing Taco Bell does incredibly well in the industry is constantly change and evolve to consumers taste. I wouldn't draw an exact parallel to the past Cantina menu. This is more about the chicken Cantina menu or Cantina chicken in terms of what that protein can do for us and launching a different version of our chicken. So I think the team's excited about the impact they can have. But there's lots of reasons to be excited about what Taco Bell is doing in 2024. As Chris mentioned, all the impact that the tech can have, the insights we're going to glean from data. Taco Tuesday, now that we've established that in the way that we can leverage that going forward. The momentum we're getting in breakfast, what we can do with loyalty. The business is, obviously, somewhat on a roll. If you look at the results from the last quarter, and I mentioned those trends are continuing. And so much of that gets right back to the great talent that we have at Taco Bell. Sean Tresvant is taking over and he's got a great team in place and if you've seen the actual detailed plans for next year, you'd be as excited as I am. I obviously, not going to share a lot of the proprietary stuff. But things line up well for a strong 2024 for Taco Bell.
David Gibbs: Yes. Obviously, Taco Bell International is an exciting part of the growth equation for Yum!. We don't provide brand-by-brand development targets, and so we're not going to waver from that. But you know our overall development goals are incredibly ambitious, opening up a new unit every other hour around the world. And as you can see from this quarter that we set a record on development this quarter. As far as Taco Bell in the various markets around the world. Yes, I just got back from a trip to Spain, where I spent some time with our great franchisee in Spain, one of the early adopters of Taco Bell that got to scale quicker than other mark. And you can see, he's done an amazing job of building a moat around the business and creating a differentiated brand much like in the US and now they're reaping the benefits from that and have very aggressive expansion. But when any time you're taking a brand global that's been traditionally a US brand, you're going to -- it's not going to be an even path all the way to the top. There's going to be ups and downs, some market take off, other markets take a pause. So I think in aggregate, we're very excited about the opportunity for Taco Bell around the world. We think it can be a meaningful growth driver in our equation long term. But we're going to make sure that everywhere we go, we're helping our franchisees build the brand the right way, take whatever time that takes, like we did in Spain and the UK to establish the brand in a way that ensures its long-term success.
David Gibbs: Yes. Sure. Yes. Look, I'd start big picture. We've been navigating regulatory environments in 160 countries around the world, and they're always constantly changing. And certainly, the NLRB recent ruling and whether or not that goes into effect, it will have an impact on us. But it's nothing that I don't think we can -- we'll have trouble navigating in the long term. Look, I've seen our business grow around the United States. I've known -- a lot of our franchisees are good friends of mine for decades. I've seen them start as team members and grow to become successful small business people. And I do think the franchising model is one that's great for our country. It's living the American dream. It's good for the communities that we serve. And we oppose anything that threatens that model, and I know that there is opposition to that ruling in terms of whether it will actually take effect at the end of the year. But it's really less of an issue for Yum!, if you think about the landscape that we operate in. Our franchisees tend to be much larger. We tend to run more of a decentralized model globally and even in the US because our franchisees have a lot more capability. So I have no doubt that whatever the rules are that we have to operate by, we will be able to, as we've proven all around the world over many, many decades. But this one, obviously, in the short term is something we oppose and we'll have to see how it plays out.
David Gibbs: Sure. Yes, obviously, we're really pleased with the progress we're making on both of those businesses. Pizza Hut US, for example, has been taking share in the category now for, I think, third consecutive clear. And that -- from all the things that we've talked about on these calls and that you're all seeing in the marketplace, the way that they play the aggregators versus their competition, the way they're launching new products and new forms like Melts, which brings in a new consumer. More recently, you probably saw the announcement about late night and how we're owning that part of the category. So, Aaron Powell and David Graves, their teams are really leaning in and they're on their front foot with Pizza Hut. It's a tough category, of course, but one we're really pleased with the progress we're making. Similarly, KFC, you've seen us do things like launch nuggets and lean in more on the boneless. That's a huge opportunity. It's no secret that chicken is a growing category. We've got the world's greatest chicken brand. We're set up for success there as we evolve our business. And the team that we've got in place there, also a relatively new team, I think, is doing an amazing job of rolling out those kinds of programs that will lead to incremental sales, incremental category entry points as we talked about earlier on the call. So both businesses, I think, poised for lots of growth.
David Gibbs: Yes, obviously, we believe Pizza Hut can and will grow sales. In terms of delivery, one aspect of this maybe is underappreciated is the fact that we now have delivery as a service where we can outsource some of our deliveries through our aggregator partners, that actually was one of the unlocks for us to go after late night when it may have been a little bit harder for us to staff with drivers, being able to hand off those deliveries to our aggregator partners allowed us to extend our hours. I think it's just another proof point in what a nice job the team is doing in thinking through the strategic benefits we can get from the various relationships we have in the category. But here, in a world where the consumer might be a little bit more pressure, obviously, carry out is playing a bigger role and lower price points will play a bigger role in the pizza category. That's one of the reasons why Melts, I think, has landed so well and will be a big part of the growth for Pizza Hut going forward. I appreciate everybody's time today. Obviously, this is a quarter that we're incredibly proud of, much like the last few quarters and never gets old, keep continuing to put up double-digit top line growth and strong bottom line growth. I'll just end with a few comments about what we saw as we went through our internal annual operating plan reviews in the last few weeks. It's something that you guys don't get a glimpse into. But I can tell you, the spirit in the rooms that -- when we met with the teams, the talent in the room that's displayed, and the way that everybody is sort of on their front foot now, we've got the -- all this work that we've done on technology over the last few years, firmly planted so that we now have something that we can leverage in a much bigger way to grow sales. I think our franchisee partnerships have never been better. And all of that adds up to what I thought were incredibly inspiring plans going forward to take market share, grow our businesses the right way for the long term and continue to put up results like you saw this quarter. So we're incredibly excited about the future. We look forward to talking to you on the next call about a little bit more detail about plans for 2024. Thanks, everybody, for your time today.
