Tim Jerzyk: Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us today. This call is being recorded and will be available for playback. We are broadcasting the conference call via our website at www.yum.com. Please be advised that if you ask a question, it will be included in both our live conference and in any future use of the recording. I would also like to remind you that this conference call includes forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to future events and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from these statements. All forward-looking statements should be considered in conjunction with the cautionary statements in our earnings release and the risk factors included in our filings with the SEC. In addition, please refer to the investors section of the Yum! Brands’ website to find disclosures and reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures that may be used on today’s call. Finally we’d like you to please be aware of two upcoming Yum! investor events. December 8 we will host our annual investor and analyst conference in New York. Registration is required and you will be receiving more information on the conference soon. Wednesday, February 2, 2011 fourth quarter earnings will be released. On our call today you will hear from David Novak, chairman and CEO; and Rick Carucci, our CFO. Following remarks from both, we will take your questions.  Now I’ll turn the call over to David Novak.
Tim Jerzyk: The $15 million in commodities was specific to China for Q4. So that set of numbers was China for Q4.
Tim Jerzyk: We don't. The U.S. is going to experience very minor inflation and YRI same thing - pretty much flat.
Tim Jerzyk: The benefit is basically just as if it's a company-owned store, and it actually is. So you see it in company sales and then company restaurant operating costs. So it's a benefit to restaurant margins, it's a benefit to profit. It's excluded from the 14 restaurants in the Expo, or were excluded from the unit count, because they're only temporary. And the same-store sales number that we gave you excludes the sales benefit.
Tim Jerzyk: Actually, the same-store sales growth this year has been very balanced across all tiers and all geographies.
David Novak: Why don't I start, John? First of all, I don't think it really impacts our growth in the rest of the world. We have teams focused on growth whether they're in company restaurants or franchise businesses. So we have franchise business units that are focused on helping our franchisees develop and we had a separate team in Taiwan that was running that market. So that was more of a strategic and financial decision and we remained focus on growth everywhere.  China, as I've said before, our growth there is really tied to continued growth of the economy. We have the teams in place. We don't feel there's any limitation based on either our development team or our operations capability.  And as the country grows, we expect it to continue in the areas that have helped us in the past, which is people moving from the country into the cities; greater infrastructure, which not only helps our distribution, but also gives us new trade zones in places like railroads, airports, etc.; and continued development in the central and west part of the country.  Because we have a national presence we feel we're able to take advantage of economic growth pretty much throughout the country. So it's really just tied to continued economic growth in China.
David Novak: We're taking share primarily from regionals and the local mom and pops. I think that we're very optimistic about Pizza Hut's future because we've made some big long term moves that we believe are sustainable - everyday value, which solved our biggest issue, which was price, especially in this tough environment, and also the expansion and marketing of both our pasta and wings business on Tuesday and Wednesday to leverage the assets. So we're optimistic about the future of Pizza Hut.
David Novak: The two biggest leverages this quarter were first, on the margins - you hit it right, it was refranchising. So that had a significant impact on the margins this quarter. In terms of the other P&L leverage we got, we did have G&A leverage, and this quarter was a bit higher than most because we were overlapping a convention we had in the third quarter last year. But generally on an ongoing basis we usually expect to see around 6% type of system sales growth and then modest leverage in the rest of the cost structure to get to our 10% target.
David Novak: It will improve the numbers. We'll give you more input on that at the December meeting but we think it will improve the margins and actually slightly help our profitability in 2011.
David Novak: I have not looked at the second part of your question, Joe. So I haven't looked at the comparison between where rates are a little higher and sales growth. Because generally speaking the percentage increases over time have been fairly similar, but it's something we'll probably take a look at. Typically we usually see about 8% to 10% type of labor inflation. For this quarter and next quarter it was a bit higher than that. We'll probably see that again in the first half of next year. As we said it had the unusually high increase - sort of the mid-point this year.
David Novak: What happens at YRI as you know, John, we are at the same time building units in developing markets, so places like India and also for us underdeveloped markets like France are also company. So we'll be adding on that side at the same time with the selective refranchising. We'll do some more selective refranchising, probably not the size - you shouldn't expect next year to see something of the size of Mexico though.
David Novak: In China most of the increase has been transactions. So almost all of it. We have had very small levels of pricing this year. So it's pretty much all transaction-driven. Generally speaking if you looked at the U.S. you'd probably get a couple of points of pricing. So if you looked at our same-store sales numbers and took off a couple of points for Taco Bell and KFC you'd probably get close. Pizza Hut is a different story because there we've actually had a net pricing decline, so our transactions are significantly above our growth rate.
David Novak: We had some, I'd say, unusual commodities in China over the last two years. I'm not sure if we would have mirrored the at home market. Chicken obviously did go up a lot - [the 1 point late '08]. So other commodities have grown at different rates. We don't have a lot of great information, at least I haven't seen, on cross-elasticity between the take homes and take away market in China. Clearly there it is going to be more sensitive on the economy because people there generally have lower incomes so usually when something's a higher percentage of your ticket you're going to have more impact in the restaurant business when the economy is weaker than you probably would in the grocery side. That would be my guess, but I don't have data that would back that up.
David Novak: I think, you know, KFC is our biggest brand [outside the United States]. KFC has the big advantage of being a very popular protein, where we've brought tremendous unique image to a known quantity and we've been able to grow. We were blessed to have a number of very aggressive and top flight franchisees who've invested in the markets for years before other competition every even entered, and still is yet to enter. For example, in Vietnam. McDonald's isn't even in Vietnam. So I think that it's the protein of choice with the unique brand, combined with tremendous franchisees who have invested in the supply chain.
David Novak: Howard, I actually think you have a pretty good comment there that I think the brand is very well aware of. Our value ratings are not as high as they should be in the category. KFC, because it's primarily a chicken on the bone dinner business, has pricing that's closer to casual dining than it does typical fast food. We have a number of things in test right now to enhance and improve our value, and the test marketing results where we've gone aggressive enough are definitely moving in the right direction. So we don't have anything to really announce on that but that's clearly an area of opportunity for us that you've identified, we've identified, the consumer's told us is an opportunity, and we're working hard on it.
David Novak: Well let me just wrap things up. We had a solid quarter, and have had a great year so far. We're pleased with the performance of our business units, specifically our strong performance in China. We're confident in delivering our raised target of 14% EPS growth. We continue to execute against our global growth opportunity, especially in emerging markets. There's no doubt we are well-positioned in the fastest growing economies of the world with rapidly expanding middle class populations. We're making progress in our U.S business. We're confident in delivering 14% EPS growth, making 2010 our ninth consecutive year we meet or exceed our target of at least 10%, and we're very confident about our continuing track record for 2011. Our significant and growing exposure to the explosive growth in China, the rest of Asia, and emerging markets, gives us an unprecedented short and long term opportunity. We look forward to sharing more on this in December, and seeing you at our annual investor conference. Thank you very much. 
Rick Carucci: We at this point, we're expecting a similar number of restaurants next year than this year. We may have a bit more, because Pizza Hut casual dining is starting to spread to more cities. So that's probably our biggest opportunity if I sort of look now at '11 versus '10. But over time, as economic growth in China continues, I still think there'll be a lot more people moving from the country into the city, and my personal guess is that the absolute number will go up over time.
Rick Carucci: We probably expect a little bit of inflation in the U.S. as Tim said, primarily driven by beef in the fourth quarter.
Rick Carucci: We obviously have huge margins this year that may be a couple points higher than what you could expect on an ongoing basis. But on an ongoing basis I still expect 20+ margins in China for the foreseeable future.  Over time we've always had labor inflation and again, labor inflation now has grown to about 13% or so of our cost structure in China, so 13% of sales. If you have a healthy increase on that number, that's still - let's put it at 10% - that would require about 1.3% pricing.  So we clearly think our brands have the ability to absorb that and any other increases you could or couldn't get in commodities. I personally think commodities are likely to fluctuate year to year as opposed to inflation, where our model has built in pretty steady increases over time.  The labor thing to me is sort of a dual-edged sword. It clearly - we have to price or get cost efficiencies to cover it, but at the same time we like the fact that people have more money in their pockets and we have more consumers who could buy our products.
Rick Carucci: First of all, regarding long term comps, we haven't looked into 2011 in a lot of detail yet. But typically speaking our model looks in the 3% to 5% range of same-store sales to make our model work. So that's sort of a typical type of number and obviously depending on the cost structure and the inflation environment. We've sort of covered this on some of the previous calls, looking at two-year, three-year, one-year comps, and looking at when the inflection points were with the earthquake and the softening of the economy at the end of 2009. We think the year to date number is as good a number as anything for the fourth quarter. One of the challenges on the consumer confidence side is even though it's better than a year ago it's sort of flattened out in terms of the improvement rate. So we're seeing year-over-year improvement but we're not seeing accelerated improvement in consumer confidence. So we're, with you, trying to read the tea leaves. So we just see it's a better economy, not yet booming.
Rick Carucci: We expect that we'll probably have more share repurchases in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter, and then we expect more share repurchases right now in 2011 than 2010. But we don't have real specific numbers. Again, we'll try to share some of that with you in December.
Rick Carucci: We think the benefits of some of the ops initiatives that we talked about - 24 hour, delivery, etc. - probably in the 1% to 2% range. I probably expect a similar kind of number next year, a little early to tell. Regarding pricing, don't expect much impact at all. As I said in my remarks, in the fourth quarter we'll probably have some modest pricing increase either late this year or early next year. Beyond that we'll have to wait and see what our inflation expectations are.
Rick Carucci: You sort of have two pieces. There's some things that you know will go up a bit, so we'll sign some contracts on certain items soon for 2011, but part of the impact this year, Mitch, is that you're probably going to be less further out in hedging given the volatility. Because it gets more expensive to hedge in that kind of a situation. Plus, with speculators - and a lot of people don't want to hedge when speculators are in because the feeling is when they go out the prices will go back down. So probably just the reality is we probably have a little bit more uncertainty than usual, and right now if you looked at the numbers we'd probably expect in an area of about a 3% increase in the U.S. But a lot could happen between now and the start of the year.
