Rick Carucci: Okay, well, Jeff, as you know, you know, we posted strong sales in the first quarter of 5% and the promotion has been very successful and the reason is it has addressed our biggest problem, which is value. You know, I think that what we have seen is that our comparable margins have held steady, as we have had the sales lift and we have had strong flow through, which has offset a lot of the price discounting that we typically have had this with this promotion, obviously. And the good news for us is that the brand metrics have really held solid, so the brand is in fact improving in terms of its consumer perspective. So, what we are doing right now is we are looking and working very hard with our franchisees on ways to sustain our everyday value proposition. And the franchisees are very committed to this, but it does seem that the turnaround in the business and the power of making our brand more affordable and accessible to the vast majority of customers.
Rick Carucci: You know, I think that the product response to the product has been – or the consumer response to the product has been very good. People like the product itself, and we actually had some product supply issues because the shrimp tacos basically flew off the shelves. So, I think it is the first time we ever had a fish product during Lent, which made a lot of sense, so I think that you will see that on a targeted in and out basis, as we go forward.Jeff Omohundro – Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks.
Rick Carucci: Well, what we sort of said is for the second quarter, we expect similar types of numbers, and we call something out of it is a significant difference, but we haven't seen a significant change since the first quarter.David Tarantino – Robert W. Baird: Great, thank you.
Rick Carucci: You know, just to put some of the sales and profits and commodities and inflation in perspective, we, you know, remember what I said, put it in my speech is, our overlaps get significantly easier the second half of the year. So we are not necessarily assuming a great economic recovery for our sales to get better. We started lapping -7% in the second half of 2009. So we are still running the business as if things are going to be pretty tight with the consumer and you know, things are better than they were for us obviously in the third quarter or fourth quarter last year. But, you know, we have still have ways – you know, we still have a ways to go before we are going to say there is an economic recovery in the U.S. On the commodity side, we had a little bit of commodity deflation in the first quarter. Our current guess is that it will be about flat for the full year. So we don't see a huge difference there. So we will continue to try to do what we do in these types of times, as when we have value initiatives, we try to have some great product initiatives, because obviously you need to have innovation as well, and then we will manage to cross three types and we are looking at both productivity initiatives at all of our brands and I think the team has done a pretty good job of managing those costs. In terms of the profits in the first quarter, our overall sales were down 1%, our company sales were down 2%, so that is probably why the profits, if you put that in perspective is really why we were down 9%. So given the -2% in company, that is pretty much where we would expect to be, given that sales level.
Rick Carucci: Yes, we are obviously looking at that now, we are trying to balance. You know, again, as we sort of said before, the Chinese consumer is still soft. We had, obviously, a very favorable first quarter, because as we mentioned, the labor was unusually low, costs were unusually low. So we will have to look at that, but you know, the good news is we have got some very positive profits going into that timeframe, but we are studying what we want to do now for the back half of the year, but we are not going to do anything at least for the next several months.
Rick Carucci: Well, on the bad debts side, we are going to keep our eye on that it, it actually did a little better in the first quarter. So our receivables are better and hopefully, we get into a higher seasonals time as the year gets over. So keeping our eye on that, but probably a bit better than we were in the fourth quarter. Regarding refranchising, just to put that into context again for people who may not be as familiar, you know, we were on a three year refranchising program that really started in the beginning of 2008, and our goal was to go from over 20% of our U.S. restaurants for company owned to about 10%, which as David said, about 5% at the KFC and Pizza Hut level. In the first two years of that, we finished Long John Silver refranchising. As David said, we are well on our way on Pizza Hut, and we think we will be close to finishing that within the original three year timeframe, which would have ended in 2010, and then what we said in December is that we are behind on KFC. We started late on KFC, and therefore, we think the total program will take a bit longer than we originally thought. So KFC, we really just started in earnest this quarter, in terms of loading deals. So, we will have to see how, we have a lot of work to do on that stuff, we are just hearing some potential buyers, so we have a long way to go on that side. So we are going after it, so we now think it is the right time to market. We think the brand is performing better than it was a while back and you know, we are excited about some of the product initiatives that we have done and that we are going to do going forward.
Rick Carucci: Well, I think you know YRI in Australia has had a real strong run, great track record of consistency, and you know frankly, I think we have fallen a little bit behind on the pipeline in the innovation that we had typically had coming out of Australia. And so, we expect that business to perform better and it should. The brand is very strong there and we have tremendous opportunity to keep growing as well. In the UK, we are very pleased with the progress that we have made with KFC. KFC had an outstanding year last year in the United Kingdom, you know, where we were up double digits in sales and profits. And you know, the KFC business is beginning to build some momentum there. Pizza Hut, you know, is our big challenge there. We are in the midst of really trying to transform and turn that brand around, become a stronger casual, affordable casual dining entry or competitor, and I think we are really more in the early days of really making a substantial change there. The team is on it, but we have got more work to do.
Rick Carucci: Well, in terms of the wages again, just background again, as we had some good labor initiatives from the productivity side in China in 2009, and then in the second half of 2009 in particular, the government really, this is mostly local governments, really didn't take out minimum wages. They had very small increases in minimum wages. So in the first half of this year, we are benefiting from that and like I said, we are going to get ahead with this probably harder than normal in the second half of the year. So we increased versus prior year in the first quarter 2.5 margin points and what we set for the full year is we will have a moderate increase. So in terms of sales, we don't have an exact sales number is what you need, but probably modest same-store sales growth in order to deliver that kind of margin improvement for the full year.
Rick Carucci: Well, I think what is happening is we benefited, as I said, in the first part of the year, we had lower than normal. So normally, the wages in China, if you go over about a four year period, they are in the 8% to 10% level. We actually had rates lower than that in the first half of this year, and expected to be higher than that in the balance of the year. That is probably an average of about 10% or so for the full year.
Rick Carucci: I think one of the big things we have in marketing as you guys all know, there is nothing like the power of having the leading brand with the leading image. And when your are value competitive, your odds of success are much better. So you know, this has always been a slug it out, very competitive share gain and category. What we are trying to do is have a two-fold strategy. One is to be much more competitive in the pizza world, which we have done. And you know, the real challenge we have now is to drive sustainable everyday value as we go into the future and the team is working very hard on how to stay competitive on the value front, because we have seen the real power of it. But the other thing we are trying to do is that we have tremendous opportunity to leverage our assets with the variety that we have invested in the last couple of years. For us, that means establishing the pasta occasion and the wing occasion as separate and distinct occasions for Pizza Hut and marketing them primarily during the week, so that we leverage the assets that we have. So, our strategy is to fight it out for share in the pizza category, leverage our leadership and now competitive value, and then, leverage the asset that is definitely under-utilized at Pizza Hut through the variety that we have created, the pasta and the wings, by really going after the earlier week occasion.
Rick Carucci: Yes, I mean, generally, we have been at this strength for a few years now, which is our average unit volumes are about 1.4 million and new units come in probably about 1 million, 1.1 million. Right? So we are at about a 300,000 gap versus a new unit, and that strength has been going on for a while, and part of that as we go into smaller cities, where we have a little bit more inflows as we are developing into existing cities, and that is the reason why there are lower sales levels. We sort of said before as you get to the smaller cities, the good news is, even with those lower sales, our margins are similar, because our cost structures are lower there. In terms of ramp-up, it is hard, because we have so many new units are coming in on top of each other, but our sales rates are generally a bit higher in the smaller cities as we open. So they will tend to grow at a higher rate in the first, let us say, four or five, years than the general cities would.
Rick Carucci: Okay. Well, first of all, we will always be disappointed with any kind of negative same-store sales growth. So, you know, clearly we were down 2% in the first quarter. As you know, the overall industry trends have been negative since June of 2009, and you know, we do have the strongest value position in the category. What we saw in the first quarter was that our transactions were positive, but we did have a lower average guest check, less drinks and combo meals. And you know, we also have, most of our media spend was on the value, the $0.89 beefy five-layer burrito, and so we did have the Why Pay More usage increase to about 20% of our mix versus the 15% of the mix. So this is like – this is, you know, what we were able to obviously maintain. Perhaps, we haven't seen the research yet, even fortify the value position that we know is going to be really essential as we go forward. And we were able to do it in a competitive category, where you are basically, you point out the issue, more and more people are at the low end. What we really are pleased about is that we had positive transactions. So more people are coming to Taco Bell this year than last year, and so we can build off of that strength. Our biggest challenge is to get same-store sales growing again at Taco Bell. You know, we are obviously happy that the transaction has picked up, but you know, it is much easier to build your sales off of positive transactions. So we believe, as we look at our programs and our initiatives, that our value and our innovation is strong enough for us to get modest same-store sales growth for the balance of the year. And as we pointed out at the Analyst Meeting that we had in New York, we are also extremely enthusiastic about the results we are getting from our more longer term initiatives, breakfast, home meal replacement, beverages, these big sales layers, we have a lot of big ideas in test that we are feeling better and better about as we go forward. So, we are very optimistic about the future of this brand. You know, we think we can get modest same-store sales growth for the balance of the year, but let us slug it out. I mean, it is definitely a slug-it-out category right now. What we are most excited about is just the long-term prospects of Taco Bell, where we begin to add some of these sales layers that we are talking about that we think can actually help us become a net new unit developer of Taco Bell. So brands, moving along, competing well in a very tough category with all kinds of upside.
Rick Carucci: Yes, it is really hard to, and that is why we sort of said before, and I still believe that we will have a better handle as we get through this quarter other than Chinese New Year. We had a very strong holiday, and so that was a good sign, but we haven't seen, we just need a longer period of time before we can judge beyond that.
Rick Carucci: Yes, regarding your question on the margins, John, that is pretty much driven by where we had sales weakness and strength. Your point is not really driven by commodities. Commodities don't have the shifts in YRI that we have had in the U.S. or China over the last few years. So as we said before, they are relatively flat. So, a couple of our businesses, like Pizza Hut UK, as David said, in his speech and comments, they have been under-performing and that hurt our overall YRI margins. And Pizza Hut in the UK is, you know higher transaction businesses and the economy is a little soft. Our experience is they usually suffer a little bit more. So the margins have pretty much followed the sales in this case, so Australia is an equity business, as David said, it isn't performing as well as normal and you saw that in the release. So that has also hurt on the margin side. So Australia, and Pizza Hut UK are two of the countries that brought the margin down in the first quarter.
Rick Carucci: It is hard to quantify, because, you know, John, we have been doing value for a while. So quite a few countries already have sort of a value menu. So what they are trying to do is to bring those learnings to other markets, it is done sequentially, so it is not like we have a launch of value July 1. A lot of countries have already had it; we are introducing it in more countries as we speak. So there is not an event that we could really quantify easily.
Rick Carucci: I don't have the exact numbers, but it is similar.Joe Buckley – Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Rick Carucci: Yes, Mitch, I mean, we have tried to look at this like you have in different ways. One year or two year, three years actually is sometimes the best way to look at it. And so, I wouldn't overstate the prior year trend. Just remember, last year was sort of an unusual year for China in terms of how people reacted to the economy, more violently than usual. I think as we look at this year, we just sort of, you know, in total, we told you what we believe as we expect moderate growth off of those numbers that you saw in the same quarter last year.
Rick Carucci: Yes, it was unusually low. We had an unusually large upside in the first quarter. What we said in December for the full year in the U.S., I will talk to U.S. as well as the Yum! piece of it. On the U.S. side, we saw about a $6 million reduction in G&A. What we said at the beginning of the year, is we expect the impact from refranchising to be in the $20 million range and we thought that we would be able to offset that money through G&A savings, right? So the $6 million in the U.S. and sort of the $13 million in unallocated, we are pretty much at that point now. We will probably get a little bit more upsides the rest of the year, but not nearly as large as what it was the first quarter.
David Novak: And Jeff, just regarding your question on check, check was down about, you know, close to about 10%, but the transactions increased at a much faster rate than that.Jeff Omohundro – Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks. And my other question was on Taco Bell. Just how are you assessing the consumer response to the Pacific Shrimp Taco? I am asking this because of the new protein efforts there and should we expect to see more efforts along those lines? Thanks.
David Novak: Remember, last time, we called out Pizza Hut, but we don't call out a couple of points up or down.David Tarantino – Robert W. Baird: Great. Thank you very much.
David Novak: And I think, David, in the end, as we look at how it all adds up, we are still comfortable with saying that we can grow our profits 5% in the U.S.
David Novak: Well, I think what we have done is we have made ourselves much more competitive on the pricing front, and that is we are seeing our gains coming. Usually when we grow like we are growing right now, it comes from the overall category, and the mom and pops.
David Novak: I think the category has always been enormously competitive and always, especially on the pricing front, and I think that the fact that we are being more competitive on the pricing front today and the fact that the system is committed to that, means that we should have more sustainability in our overall brand over time.
David Novak: Just from an overall business perspective, you know, KFC continues to be our biggest challenge in the second quarter, we will likely be negative as we overlap last year's successful Kentucky Grilled Chicken launch. However, we have got some really good programs, including the launch of the Double Down Sandwich, which we just introduced and we have a Pink Bucket promotion coming up, where we donate $0.50 of every bucket sold to fight breast cancer, which we feel very good about as well. As we move forward, we are really focused on more innovation around portable products and high end offerings. So we are going to leverage both our grilled and fried and boneless offerings, as we go forward. So for the full year, you know, we expect to see improvements in sales and definitely more profitability as we go forward. The other thing we are very focused on and passionate about and Roger Eaton is leading the charge on this at KFC is that we are improving operations and because we see that definitely as our single biggest opportunity to drive sustainable same-store sales growth. So, you know, there is a lot of work going on right now. We put our best leaders that we have around the company. We have brought in a lot of talent at KFC, we are totally passionate toward turning around the U.S. business and I am really proud of the efforts that are going on, but there is a lot of wood to chop, so to speak.
David Novak: All right, John. You know, there is no question that YRI is off to a slow start with comps down 2% and we have got work to do to regain our sales. So you point out the issue and definitely we are on the case. We are focusing on value, primarily in developed markets, given the tough environment. What we are doing is, we are taking a lot of the know how that we have on permanent value menus from the success of markets like in South Africa, which is we have a streetwise menu and we are expanding that successfully into the UK, where it now has like 14% of the mix and a significant amount of incremental sales. We are also revisiting our core signature items with new insights on products that are very unique in the marketplace, our Twister and our Singer sandwiches for example. And we have also put together an initiative where we are launching regional successes from the past into new markets, like the Wrap Star sandwich, Fillers, and Hot Rods, these are promotions that have done well in other markets that we will be moving into new markets. So we are trying to roll out and expand the proven winners into more geographies. We also are continuing to roll out new incremental sales layers. So Crushers, which is our line of frozen beverages is now in 2000 units and we are shooting to have it at 4000 units by the end of the year. So we expect that to give us a bit of a lift. And we are hopeful that we will see a better half, a better second half in 2010. You know, our first half lap was plus 4% of sales and the second half is minus 1%. So we are hopeful that with the initiatives we have got going, we will be able to see better performance in YRI. So you know, we are definitely on the case. I think the team, our management is working on the right things, and you know, we are going to make progress.
David Novak: Joe, this year, we anticipate a small impact of about $6 million for the loss of tax reductions for retiree medical benefits. The major impact of this legislation will hit in 2014 and, you know, with our anticipated ownership change, we are going to 5% ownership with Pizza Hut and KFC. By 2014, we think it is going to cost Yum! about $20 million to $30 million based on the existing work force structure that we anticipate. So, as you know, there is lots of legislative details to be ironed out in the next couple of years. The real challenge is that this is going to be about $10,000 to $15,000 per store cost to our franchisees, beginning in 2014. And we are going to work with them to mitigate the cost. So, we have got plenty of time I think to deal with the issue, but it certainly is an issue and you know, I think all this is well understood by any franchisee who would be purchasing stores.Joe Buckley – Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
David Novak: Keith, they have actively implemented all those things. So you are seeing that, saw that part of the results of that last year and you are seeing the continuing benefit now.
David Novak: We have just sort of said it is a significant portion. So it is the lion's share of what we think we are going to be doing.
David Novak: Well, I think that most important thing is relative value. You know, obviously, the $10.00 pizza Any Way You Want It is in the strong relative value, and we are working on ways to keep that alive. This is a very competitive category, so the last thing I would do is tell everybody what we are going to be doing. But I think obviously relative value is the real key here. We are more into creating separate occasions than necessarily bundling. If bundling happens with pasta and chicken, fine, but we think the bigger idea is to try to create separate occasions. I hope that was helpful.Matt Van Vliet – Stifel Nicolaus: Good, all right. Thank you.
David Novak: All right. Let me wrap things up briefly. You know, just some closing comments here. We continue to execute against our global growth opportunities, both in China as well as Yum! Restaurants International, with our leading industry new unit expansion. Our focus is global, which is particularly strong in emerging markets like China and India. KFC is a leading western brand in many emerging markets and the fastest growing western brand and we are very pleased to be so well positioned in the fastest growing economies of the world, with expanding middle class populations as Rick pointed out earlier. In the United States, we are making progress, competing in a tough macro environment. We are encouraged by recent sales trends at each of our brands, but know that we have plenty of opportunity to drive value and innovation as we improve operations. We are continuing to make solid progress against our goal of reducing U.S. company ownership to 10% or less, targeting ownership of 5% of both Pizza Hut and KFC. In closing, 2010 is off to a good start. We had a good quarter and we expect to deliver our target of at least 10% EPS per share. So thank you all for participating in the call. We appreciate the good questions.
