Greg Creed: Thanks Pat. Before we begin the Q&A, let me just tell you why I'm passionate about this company and believe in the future of Yum! Brands. First, we have three iconic brands with incredible global infrastructure and franchise capability to facilitate growth. That's a strong competitive advantage to start with. Second, we have a China business with leading brands, supply chain, development expertise and of course people. Other companies would kill for what we have. Yes we've had some challenges over the past couple of years which have been painful for our shareholders. But that doesn’t erase the company we built over the years, while the enormous opportunity ahead of us. We're going to turn this business around and when we do, we have a tremendous sales leverage opportunity to capture and I'm confident we will. Our KFC division is an emerging market powerhouse as strong as this business I know it can get stronger. The top 10% of our restaurants are generating sales that are more than double the average KFC. Our assets are under-leveraged. We're going to remedy this by expanding operating hours, leveraging digital and strengthening the core and we expect the recent improved performance in the U.S. to continue. Pizza Hut it's a powerful brand that quite frankly has underperformed over the past few years, but we adjusted a record in new unit openings. Think about this, if we can set a record in new unit openings when the brand is not growing same-store sales, just imagine what we can do when we get sales going. We're making digital our top priority and we're going to perform much better.  Taco Bell is accelerating the unit opening lunch, breakfast and mobile ordering has fantastic innovation in high teen restaurant margins and with more focus and investment behind Taco Bell international I know we're going to make a significant progress in taking Taco Bell global as an organization we're going to build stronger brand we're going to have sharper our brand positioning and inside driven marketing program. And we're going to focus on the following areas more product customization, more transparency, leading innovation and much more engagement through social media and digital. And finally we're going to continue to give back to the community and deliver on our social responsibility commitment. All of these lead my goal of having brands that people stuff and champion is going to take hurries to do the right thing and it's going to take time. But we have to scale and the resources to do it. I firmly believe we're going to build stronger brand and all of these will lead to strong returns for our shareholders in 2015 and over the long term.  So now I'll hand it back to Steve will commence to Q&A.
Greg Creed: John generally speaking we love the franchise model we think it’s a powerful way to create shareholder value and we've demonstrated that overtime. Our equity positions have been quite purposeful as we've talked about. But we've always guided our ownership with believe that we earned the right to own and this were we're not continuing to earn the right own and what we believe those units will create more shareholder value in the hands of franchisees capable franchisees who been continue to build the brand and develop alongside us as equity operators that’s the direction we're headed. So our strategy hasn’t changed at all guided by the underwrite to own if anything I would say building on what we presented in New York. Our goal is to be even more discipline in that regard.
Greg Creed: When we structure our refranchising deal we structure prices that we believe are there based on the current operating performance of those unit. And what we believe is there potential in the years ahead fair prices.
Greg Creed: David let me just say that the good news is that there has been sequential improvement in the metrics. Obviously we get KFC on a monthly basis that we're seen a month to month improvement in KFC obviously on Pizza Hut to get on quarterly basis. But the good news is that whether its food safety or trusts worthy on a liable brand all of those metrics are improving on a month to month basis. So that’s the good news. The second part of your question was.
Greg Creed: I think the good news is that the consumer metrics are in line with our key competitors in China. I mean they were planning in that the same direction at the same time. So I think in that sense there is no really disconnect between the including and metrics are now key competitors metrics. I think as you know a key competitor had greater sales originally then we had I put that down to the performance of the promotions that we were running in both December and obviously as we started running to the New Year. I think what's really important is that I think we're sequentially getting better and I think we've learned that, as Pat actually referred to in his commentary, we try to make the --no we've try to be useful in contemporary and maybe we got a little bit tune out and walked away from our course, but I'm excited about in the discussions I've been having with Sam and Joey, they were already course corrected. The advertising for the Chinese New Year promotion. We've also added some local store marketing for what will be the Chinese new promotion so what I'm really about is that course correcting very quickly when the promotions aren’t working. We realized where we can get better and we're making those changes immediately. Next question please Sharon.
Greg Creed: John I think as we look at everything from the consumer metrics everything else, we do believe that as we know KFC had two incidents consecutively, Pizza Hut had one. Pizza Hut's recovering in line with other people recovering in the marketplace. And we really do believe it's down to the fact that unfortunately KFC had two things. Now let's not forget KFC is the number one brand in China and obviously the growth that we've had from Pizza Hut over the years and continue to have as Pat talked about, so I remain incredibly confident in both KFC and Pizza Hut in China. And I'm just totally-totally confident that we're going to turn the thing around.
Greg Creed: Yes Keith in the most recent quarter, we did see Tier 1 stores outperform -- the balance of the market, but really nothing to report other than that and our best assessment of that is that Tier 1 consumers seem to be maybe a little less phased by the supplier publicity this time around we're continuing to monitor this and at present we have nothing else really meaningful to share on that. Next question please Sharon.
Greg Creed: Yes well first of all as I said the all the consumer metrics were improving both on KFC and Pizza Hut and obviously there are no indicator what's going to happen and there are also no indicator of consumer confidence, so the good news is that those are improving all moving in the right direction and that's what obviously I think really underpins the confidence I have that when we combine that with promotions that at our core user with better marketing and better value we're going to see the quicker turnaround of the performance in China. So those are the things that give me the most confidence is the consumer, the consumer metrics is moving in the right direction.  On the Taco Bell story, I think Taco Bell had a great quarter as we all know when it was a combination of really everything. We had $5 box promotion with Sony. We had the launch of the value menu and I think that plus I think advertising in that really is resonating with the core user, it's driven out great consumer insights and human truth, so I really believe that Taco Bell is firing on all cylinders whether it's a $5 or whether it's just an engagement with the customer so very confident in the future of Taco Bell.
Greg Creed: Obviously as you can imagine we've put a lot of things in place we’ve now got which will blow our program we've obviously stepped up obviously the I guess the order thing is going on without supply I mean I think the one thing I can't promise is when they've happening if because if people are going to law and sheet do the wrong the thing. But you've got close like a TV which will blow our programs and expensive ordering going on I think we're doing all the right things you aspect to the later. 
Greg Creed: Sure I think the first promotion, there is no doubt the team is right being trying to make the brand more youthful and contemporary. That’s a really good thing that we're doing. But I think in the promotion everywhere this was around the Canadian brand here it so we obviously made it just too narrow and so we didn’t really appeal to about core customer and I think was great and we're youthful and contemporary, the expression which was its Korean brand was actually just much too narrow. And I think the good news the teams learn a lesson but the great thing about when you have these things happen and as I said having spoken to same and Joe I've already course to be advertising for the CRB part of the Chinese New Year has already being shinned with also added extra resources to local store marketing. So I'm really confident that if it didn’t work there intent was right the execution wasn’t and we've learn it and we've already change the execution going forward. So that seems like all really good. The two main re-events obviously the big one will actually have in the first half the second one is not as quite as big as the first one. But I think we have a lot of confidence in menu re-events we know that work for us in the past the first half of last year they've worked and I have the lot of confidence that with the innovation in the product and improvement they're going to make that will see profound effect from this menu re-event.
Greg Creed: So on the Pizza Hut story it's -- the flavor of now I love I think it's a positioning that is so right with what's happening in the entire food market, so I think that to start with. There's no doubt we want to make Pizza Hut more useful, now let's not talk Taco Bell it's a little bit more useful and the good news that's come out of the re-launch so far is that things like [rev] users as I think the 24 gone from like 6% of our business to 24% of our business. So we know that this whole new flavor is now positioning us resonate with them. Unfortunately, we weren’t talking to our current abundant users and as we can tell we're now back on that with Rex Ryan and Tony Romo, so I think we're doing the right thing which is the flavor of them has really resonated with the younger customer audience where we've been really going after which is great. At the same time we got to make sure we don’t lose our abundant customer, we want to make sure that that we've offered a great sort of pepperonis at a great price and what I'm excited about is we got 90% repeat on those who try the new products so getting more type of those new products will also be critical so I'm very happy with I think where we're going to take this brand and the positioning would anchor us around. Sharon next question please.
Greg Creed: I mean David let me just I hadn’t run Taco Bell for a long time. I've had my share of incidents. So I know what these are like. They're not linear. They never recover on a linear basis, but we do know that great iconic brands always recover. And we know what to do, we have to do innovation, we have to get our core customer back engaged and we had a very frank assessment of the promotion in January and December and we didn’t get it right. And -- but the most important thing is, we're making changes going forward and that to me is really important so having been in the same situation that Sam and the team are. I've been in this situation. I have absolute confidence that iconic brands come back and they come back stronger than they were even some times before they went into it. I think Taco Bell is living proof of why I have absolute confidence we'll do that in China. Next question please Sharon.
Greg Creed: I think that what you talked about we're seeing on a global scale right it's we're not just seeing it in China, we're not just seeing in the United States, we're seeing it everywhere. Clearly what you would call health and wellness those -- the importance of that is clearly growing. So I think that in a sense just like at Taco Bell we offer Fresco and at Pizza Hut we offer Skinny Pie and at KFC we offer grilled, and in China we offer congee, and vegetables and food and milk and all that sort of things, so it's -- I don’t think China is ahead of anyone else, I don’t think China is behind anyone else. I think that at the end of the day, we've got choice with our customers to make, but at the same time we got to make sure that the promotions that we run are relevant and appeal to our core audience and we just simply got to do a better job of that in China.
Greg Creed: Accounted to mean why look at these things mix around 2% doesn’t matter what Taco Bell it doesn’t matter what it is these things started to have huge mixes. But the key is for us to give the customer a choice and I think that’s what we do doesn’t matter on what brand and what country what we got a valuable for our customer is choice. But the mix is we'll probably stepping around 3% I think that there are much bigger things of play I mean making sure that we've got great food a great value making sure that our brands are relevant making sure that this share worthy. I mean all these sort of things I was important there is not one thing is driving it is and a specific thing all these on a global scale and we're reacting to them on the global basis.
Greg Creed: Well let me start and then I will handover to Pat. We will always have the often structure to drive shareholder value let me be really clear. Right now obviously we believe turning China around is the key and obviously we believe China is a long term play for us I think that’s very clear.
Greg Creed: I would add just some we've got a great track record of driving shareholders value and we obviously believe that model will deliver outstanding returns going forward.
Greg Creed: We have a very rigorous discipline process in China and we can't hit everything I don’t teach and go out test rock bands and rock bands and those like things they get a little bit more difficult to test. But I think the repositioning of tower products or the new product in the more traditional sides we can definitely test and in fact I would say that China has probably has one of the most rigorous testing methods and in fact a lot of this is adopted those methods outside of China among the other brand. So I am confident that over right testing is going we can test some but sometimes you just can't test every possible promotion.
Greg Creed: Yes no changes R.J. We regained the number brand even with the issues that we've experienced. And our pipeline of franchisees comes from our restaurant general managers and area managers, so we continue to develop strong capability there and among our table of RGMs, general managers, our entrepreneurs who are -- who remain quite eager to take on the opportunity to own and operate our KFC restaurants predominantly in our Tier 1 cities, so that continues to be the strategy. We've not seen any slackening of demand in that regard.
Greg Creed: Yes so thank you everybody. First of all thanks for being on the call. I just like to thank I think by saying I was personally delighted to see Taco Bell had a great fourth quarter. And I think a lot of the things that we've done at Taco Bell whether it's a very clear trend or whether it's really very insight driven, whether it's we've got really amazing innovation, advertising that connects and a social mobile digital that really engages with our customers, I think that's what has really helped Taco Bell had a great fourth quarter and a great year. So it probably should come as no surprise to anybody those are maybe the things that are going to be driving as I -- in I go further I visit countries and I'm talking to the brands that don’t be surprised to see me focusing on the exactly those same things because I know they’ve worked at Taco Bell. I absolutely believe we can do them in KFC and Pizza Hut in every country around the world. So with that I really appreciate you all being on the call and I look forward to seeing you soon. Thanks very much everybody.
Pat Grismer: And John to the second part of your question around the role of the asset plays in all of this, as we outlined in New York, we see asset image being a critical component of our overall strategy to contemporize the brand. Last year we remodeled a bit over -- a bit more than 300 units, we'll do more than twice that number this year, as we look to move more aggressively to contemporize our assets recognizing that a fair portion of the stake was built just in the last five years so overall it's a fairly contemporary stake but for some of our older assets we will be moving more aggressively over the next year with a different remodel package in order to make a better progress there. Thanks John. Next question please Sharon.
Pat Grismer: Sarah on January sales in China I think the comps can be receiving right. So I was like to look at the underlying transactions and so we look at underlying transaction volumes on a weekly to season wise basis. And January was about in line with December so we've necessarily see the business deteriorate but didn’t improved to the extent that we were expecting and so that’s why I said we entered the year plus momentum that we had anticipated when we're all together in New York. As to what the pace looks like going forward as we've said the pace of recovery is slower than we expected best reason why was have the two incidence in two consecutive years. But there is no denying the fact that the business is recovering. We step back and we look at we're things were at the end of July were things were had in August and were things are today and there heck of lot better. We would have like to seen and we had anticipated the stronger recovery. But it’s going to take longer but what we need it to give some time and we have strong believe in a programs of the team is lining which is sharpening as we've talked about to sustain the upper momentum. So that I would say by the time we lap the OSI incident in late July we expect comps to turn positive that is a longer recovery period than we've seen before. But we do see that recovery continuing and we know with that is substantial profit leverage. So we do expect that would be improving sales in the back half of the year will have improving margins and substantial improvement in overall profitability. Very similar to what we saw in the first half of 2014 so we don’t have to go back to far in history to find good hard evidence of the resilience of our brands and our ability to bring the profit back in that business. As it relates to long term ownership again we take a long term view of our business we're in China for the long term and the last two years of volatility while yet painful don’t erase more than a decade of substantial value creation China remains the biggest retail development opportunity in the world and we are the leaders in that market. So our view on the market to long term do we look opportunities to refine our ownership model, yes as we've indicated we've pivoting to quietly higher franchise ownership where it makes sense, where we can sensibly do that, given the nascency of franchising in China today. But we have strong belief in the power of our brands and the strength of our teams and our leading position in that market and we believe that that recovery is going to progress across this year.
Pat Grismer: I would say our best indication David is the consumer metrics that we're seeing brand I trust food and safety we've seen as Greg mentioned steady improvement month and month and no scores. As we discussed the recent promotions underperformed from the sales perspective, but consumer metrics continues to show improvement, so in our view it's a matter of getting the promotions right and we're taking strict action to show those up in the next several weeks here ahead of the first of our two menu revamps this year. So we have not seen anything at this stage which would give us a reason to believe that what we have here is a new normal. We think that this situation is temporary and again we faced a similar set of circumstances a year ago and we have the dramatic recovery in our China business just in the first half of 2014 so there's recent evidence that our brands are resilient. They'll bounce back. It's harder this time around because we've had the two incidents in two years, so that's why the recovery is taking longer. But as we've said recovery is progressing not at the pace that we'd like but its progressing and we continue to believe strongly that we'll have a strong second half.
Pat Grismer: And certainly as it relates to ownership level outside the U.S and how that relates to our capital structure. I think I won't understand based on what we outlined in New York that we are pivoting to a more highly franchise model going forward and we expect those franchise percentages to edge up over the next three years. With respect to capital structure we look at things the enterprise level. So we don’t segment our balance sheet by division and we look at our capital structure the enterprise level based on the adjusted leverage ratios that rating agencies look at and how that relates to our cost of capital. As I outlined in New York having taking the advices three large independent Bank who have check our analysis to make sure we're thinking about just right way we believe that our current leverage ratio which is a lowest run of investment great credit. We optimize our weighted average cost of capital. If we were to take on additional debt to an extent that we take us into junk bond territory as we do the number we see what I would characterize as a modest amount accretion and frankly given the trade off in terms of reduced flexibility and our ability to optimize that weighted average cost of capital across economic cycle. We don’t think that’s a good result it's not in the best interest of our shareholder in our judgment. But we do look at it as I know you'd expect we do look at couple a time in year we put a lot of rigor behind it because we are very concerned about making sure that our capital structure is the right one for our shareholders in long term. The one that supports our ability to return cash to our shareholders the way that we have consistently through a combination of a growing dividend and substantial share buyback were also having the cash necessary to continue to invest aggressively behind growth opportunities.
Pat Grismer: Peter, we expect with all our innovation to build transaction momentum. Now with the construct of the menu revamp with some more premium products, we also expect to check benefit. This will improve profitability, but our goal, our goal over the long run is to rebuilt the traffic that we've lost and so we do expect that with this menu revamp there's going to be sufficient innovation and continued focus on value to sustain the traffic momentum necessary to recover the business and realize that that full upside profit potential. Next question please Sharon and this is our last question.
