David Novak: Okay. Thanks, Pat. We are reading to take questions but before I do, I want to point out that this will be my last earnings call as CEO, and the Greg Creed will be the CEO beginning January 1, which time I will assume my new role as Yum!'s Executive Chairman of the Board. We've been working on seamless transition together and I couldn't be more pleased to have a leader of great stature taking the helm. I have worked with Greg for over 17 years, he lives and drives our culture, he knows all aspects of the business call, he has worked on every brand, and he has been Yum!'s chief operating officer in the past, he has a great brand builder and what he has done at Taco Bell, I think has been absolutely sensational. The Board and I are absolutely convinced that he is just the guy to take the company to the next level. Greg will join me and take a lead at our December Investor Conference in New York. And with that, we are happy to take any questions that you may have. 
David Novak: I think David, we basically have announced all of our action plans to continue to make our supply chain even stronger, and unprecedented things that we are doing to work with our suppliers. That's all been publicized. We had a quality assurance advertising campaign that was very brief, just lucky for now that we are clearly addressing the issue and that our food is safe to eat, which it absolutely is and has been and always has been. So that's what we've done. Right now, we are in the midst of just running our basic marketing programs that we've had. We are currently doing promotions around our rice based products, rice and chicken based products, and we are basically waiting for the business to come back. Like I said, the biggest thing we need is to give the time and that's exactly what we are doing as we are aggressively marketing the brand and hoping that time takes its course and which we are very confident the business will come back. 
David Novak: I think the first one the research trends that we see are basically similar, so we haven't seen anything move one way or the other return. In terms of the impact in the future-- I can only tell you that we monitor and respond to social media 24x7 and we actually responded quickly this last time around and the sentiment turned positive a lot faster this time around. We really can't predict future. I would never be one to say that we could never have any incident like this again. And but I can tell you we get stronger from everything that we had-- ever happens like this we get lot stronger and stronger from -- we improve our processes that are already strong. Everything we can do to learn from and get better. We are really confident that the China is going to be a continue growth vehicle for us. We got 300 million people today going to 600 million people by 2020. This consuming class is going to grow, our brand are clearly the leading brands in China. Even as we take short-term sales process, our margins are still very good. We have very good business model as we go forward. I think what we've proven over time is that we are resilient enough and strong enough to weather storms like this. Now, hopefully we won't have another incident like this for a long time to come. Believe me, we are doing everything we can to make sure that-- sure that we don't.
David Novak: We believe in our business model, it has served us well in the past, we think it's going to service well in the future. We think what we have right now is not a structural issue. We think we have a short term brand issue that we have to deal with. And our challenge is to -- in China is basically to recover and grow. That's 100% of our focus and a lot and I guess I have to rephrase it. I guess like 1000% of the focus that we have. The single biggest thing we can do for our shareholders right now is to put every inch of muscle, fiber, whatever you want to call it and turn this business around and get it back where we really know it's capable. And that's our focus. One thing I would tell every shareholder is that we always have a right to own philosophy. You have to earn the right to own. 90% of our business outside of China is franchise which I think you point out very well. China is primarily our equity business is where we put our capital end. And that's because we have great returns on invested capital and we've had cash on cash returns in three to five years. We expect that to be the same as we go forward. We think that will serve our shareholders very well. And we have that earn to right to own mentality and that's going to guide our thinking our structure as we go ahead. 
David Novak: Greg and I are heading towards China in a couple of weeks. We are going to have the annual operating plan. We are going to hear what the team has to say. We have a very focused new unit tracking systems, where we look at returns and monitor returns on a quarterly basis and see other doing versus our internal rates of returns or CapEx requirements. We will sit down, we will have very, very discussion on that, with the shareholders remind that we have nothing to believe other than the fact that we continue our strong rate of development basis on what we know today. And I don't anticipate any new revelations. 
David Novak: Well, first of all, we are working on marketing right now that really gets to exactly what you are talking about. Reminding people of the role that KFC plays in their life, the good time spent you had in the past, the good time you can have today and that we are contemporary and we are on the money in terms of what you are looking for in China as China ever change, so the marketing direction that we are taking I think is very similar to what you're suggesting that we do. When you look at value, value is a very important component of the basic quick service restaurant industry. We've got very good entry pricing today. We will have promotions as we go forward that will entice trial back into the business. We will -- we will be looking for massive retrial of the brands over time. And right now for example we are offering free drinks at KFC. So whether that's put into the right context now to get everybody in the country to come back tomorrow, I am not going to say that. But we are offering free drinks with a soup or rice from --rice purchases at this stage. So I think we are pretty aligned with the fact that retrial and getting last year's backend is clearly the goal and that's what we will be talking about at the KFC team.
David Novak: Thank you. Just one more point to that. Keep in mind that our advertising is also flat percentage of sales, so as sales come down that line will also be reduced. So thanks Keith. 
David Novak: We will know more Joe in December. Joe, we don't know, we don't know. And we will know more in December and we will update you in December with all the color that we have to provide you on that.
David Novak: I think the big thing is our margins were 21% when we launch breakfast. To me we are in different where these sales count. The great thing for us next year 4% or 5%, I don't care if they come from breakfast, late night, lunch, dinner, whatever. I don't care where they come from. We just need them. And what we have now as we have a lot more muscle in the KFC, in the Taco Bell box to go out and get those sales. I love the fact that we got 6% mix of breakfast and our margins are 21% and we know that McDonald has 25% of their business from breakfast. And it killed me for years driving by all those McDonald's that are full and before we even open up our doors. So I think this is like just taking our awareness and taking our usage of breakfast up over time is like the biggest new product we could ever introduce to grow the base business. And that the trade-off, the margin trade-off between lunch and dinner aren't that significant for us. So we are able to leverage the box and that's the name of the game. And when we talk to our franchises, one of the reasons why we really believe so much in breakfast as we thought this was essential for us so we would have more growth options as we go forward in the future. So I think it's just early days if you look at breakfast. Everybody thinks Taco Bell has a great late night business. Fourth meal, our Sunday, Monday, Tuesday breakfast is higher than our late night business. So we got -- we are building a pretty damn good business that's only getting better as we go forward. I am glad, Joe, that we have it in our arsenal. Now, we also launch a dollar craving menu which is being very well received. We launched that recently which we really pulls our value story. The thing about this is that these dollar cravings products are actually products that people crave, and they are really good value for a dollar. And so we think that's going to be a good one. And the other thing that we feel good about with Taco Bell, we are breaking new ground with mobile and digital and our social work is I think best practice not only our industry but for any consumer good as we go forward. So there is a lot of good news. I think the best barometer about breakfast is our franchisees are saying, stay on it. 
David Novak: Well, I think that what we've learned is that no matter how much we love our brands and we do, I mean we love our brands beyond belief in our company, we have learned instead consumers have lots of options. They do not have to use us every single day and they can figure out when they want to come back. And what we've learned over time it really doesn't matter even almost a big, the issue there if there is a highly publicized event, it takes six to nine months to recover. Just because consumers are cautious when it comes to food intake. And I want to point out nobody was ill because of this, nobody-- no real tangible personal issue that took place because of this other than the fact that we were tainted by this. And it takes time and it was highly publicized and this one was really tough to take, okay. Because this was here we are going the safety behavior that we -- there is no process in the world I think it could overcome. And the fact of the matter is when I watched that CCTV event and I saw the coverage, you had McDonald's, Pizza Hut and KFC, mentioned in absolute equal amount and I would say it would be hard to argue that we might not --we thought they are more mentioned, okay. And it was like when I saw that I said oh, here comes six to nine months a problem that I was not at all surprised by this, okay. So I think that's just what we have learned. We have always said that with our business, we have a great business model. We have great brands, that we have the single biggest risk we have in our business is when we have any publicity around food safety issues. And now that's exacerbated with social media. We are getting better at responding to social media, but it's still out there. So if one of those issues that we are just going to have to deal with and hopefully we won't have future event.
David Novak: Okay. We have not been able to do a source of business study, okay that where we can really crack where people are going. So maybe the China team will have more color on that and we meet with them in the next couple of weeks. Be happy to share that with you when we have it. 
David Novak: Okay. I want to thank everyone for being on the call. There is no absolutely no question that we have a taken a tough blow but we performed well in adverse situation in the past and I am absolutely confident we will fully recover in China. And we will deliver strong sustainable growth in years ahead. As I hope we conveyed on the call, we are very confident about the future and Yum! is definitely well positioned to deliver on the three things we know drives shareholder value. The new unit growth, the same-store sales growth and the high returns which we are ever mindful of all three of these key dimensions of our business. I want to thank all of you for the nice congratulation. It has been a great joy and a great honor to be the CEO of this company. And I am really excited for our company to have Greg take the helm in January. And I look forward to working with him to help us continue to build -- we will be hopefully believes it is one of the best global companies in the world. Thank you very much. 
Pat Grismer: Hi, David. I am certainly not going to provide specific numbers around what happened in any given month, but happy to speak to overall trends. Now first let me remind you, we had a very strong first half of the year where same-store sales were up 12%, demonstrating the strength and resilience of our brands. So even as we've been impacted here in the last quarter, we expect our brands to bounce back strongly. We remained very confident that we will see a recovery in what we estimated a six to nine months period because we saw in the month of September that sales were substantially better than they were in the month of August which was the month immediately following the publicity incident. So we are clearly recovering. We are also seeing consumer scores improving and that further reinforces our belief in this recovery. But remember, we are in the very early stages of this recovery cycle, so it's appropriate to be a bit more conscious at this stage when we are guiding sales. And we also know from our past experience that these recoveries are rarely linear. The other thing I’d point out is that China's hardest same-store sales overlap this year is in the fourth quarter. So when you add all of those things together, our best estimate today, again based on current trends that we see in the business, is the same-store sales will be negative over the fourth quarter which as a reminder spans the months of September through December. But make no mistake, we expect sales to continue to improve across the quarter and again history tells us that our brands are resilient and we will be prepared to provide more color and context on this at our Investor Conference in December.
Pat Grismer: John, as you know, two crises are ever the same. However, as we step back and look at how sales and consumers scores are trended in the two months or so since the incident, I would say that the trend is broadly in line with what we saw the last time, but again we are relatively early in the stage of this recovery and we continue to believe that we will see a full recovery in a six to nine months timeframe. 
Pat Grismer: Well, John, I would clearly characterize the extreme sales de-leverage as a one time event and this is not something that we would expect would happen regularly. And the impact to our business was quite severe just given how sharp and sudden the transaction decline was. And our teams did the best they could to respond to that situation. You know you never want to pull out labor too quickly because you don't know how consumer traffic is going to trend. And we want to make sure that the consumers who are coming to our brands are having a very good experience. Yes, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there were some inventory write-off that were quite substantial that translated into over half point of drag in our margins for the period just related to the product from OSI. So again I think that it was the transaction de-leverage that clearly was the big driver. And I would characterize that as a one time event. Again, have it not been for all the effects we saw of the OSI incident to our margins; we would have posted a margin and quarter of over 20%. And I think that's the better indication of how we are thinking about our business model longer term and what we are striving to get back as quickly as possible.
Pat Grismer: And Jeffrey to respond your first question around the pace of development. We have no reason at this stage to back off our commitment to continue to aggressive development. We will however continue to evolve our development program to pivot towards the higher margin, higher return opportunities as we have done for the last couple of years, increasing the weight of KFC new units in lower tier cities and increasing the weight of Pizza Casual Dining restaurant which again offers superior economics. But we remain bullish on the long-term growth opportunity in China. And we believe that we have the very solid business model that is currently under short-term pressure but it is going to bounce back and bounce back strongly. And provide the returns necessary to sustain the high rate of development. 
Pat Grismer: Nothing one time on the occupancy line but also in that category however would be rent large portion something, vast majority of our leases have variable component. So if sales come down and so do rent and so that was account for decline in absolute level of rent expense which fall for the occupancy other line. With respect to COGS sales, that's an area that's going to put a bit pressure on margins in the fourth quarter because we had three straight quarters now flat commodity cost in China, and we are expecting fourth quarter to show 3% food cost inflation. 
Pat Grismer: Again, Joe, given we are at in the recovery process, we are not going to be any more precise and how we guide same-store sales. We do expect an improving trend consistent with our past experience. And we anticipate full recovery within a six to nine months period. And it just isn't appropriate I think at this stage to be any more specific or precise than that. 
Pat Grismer: Well, there is no doubt that other day part are under pressure, consistent with what we are observing across the entire QSR category in the US. We feel very good about how the breakfast layer has added incremental sales to our business and has helped us to deliver same-store sales growth in the tough environment.
Pat Grismer: Okay. Thank you, Sara. First on the net units. Yes, we are concerned about net units. So it's not just a matter of gross but also looking at the closures. In fact, in closures there was a bigger story which was that disproportionate share of those closure were Little Sheep unit. So not reflection of the overall strength of our business model and the development opportunity with KFC and Pizza Hut. 
Pat Grismer: You may recall last year we started to see significant productivity gains in the third quarter. So and the third quarter of this year we lapped those productivity gain and actually we added to them a bit. So the team remains very focused on sustaining those initiatives to drive higher levels of labor productivity. It remains a priority for them to continue to drive margins back to a level that they were couple of years ago. So even as we look to recover some sales pressure that team is not taking their eye off of the continued opportunity to drive high rates of labor efficiency. As a step going forward as we introduced newer technologies back of house that will provide next leg of opportunity on labor productivity.
Pat Grismer: We didn't see any meaningful differences in same-store sales performance or they impacted the publicity across city tiers for either brand. 
Keith Siegner: Thanks and in addition to you David, please pass the congratulations on to Greg and look forward to giving him some hard questions going forward.
Keith Siegner: I can't imagine how frustrating this has been especially post restaging the KFC brand earlier this year. But you talked about staying the course, hunkering down, sticking to the basic motions. Just wondering, can you talk a little bit about that decision weighing that approach versus say going and buying back some traffic, getting people back in, reminding them how good the experience is. How do you think about those two approaches? If you could give us some color there that would be great. Thanks.
Keith Siegner: Thanks, David. Pat, can I sneak in one real quickly? Just in terms of the margins to follow-up a little bit, are you seeing any major changes, like where is COGS inflation, how do we think about that? Also it is rare to see occupancy dollars down in that China business year-over-year. Was there anything one time that hit that line item as well? Thanks. 
