Greg Creed: Well, thanks John. And I too appreciate Greg's accent and we'll all miss it. As far as your three different questions, I'll take the first two and we'll let Chris talk a little bit about the receivables. As far as the disruption, as you can imagine when we’re closing a lot of stores and opening new stores that can be an enormous distraction, particularly if we are taking the lead on transitioning franchisees out of the system and their stores into the hand of new players. Some of that will get to the receivables which Chris will talk about. And also while transactions are taking place, obviously there's a focus issue in terms of where franchisees' focus is. As far as the company stepping in, and playing an active role in some of this, I wouldn't rule that out, but that's certainly not the plan now. The great thing about the Pizza Hut U.S. business is we have plenty of people that want to get into it and are eager to buy stores and invest capital into fixing those stores and relocating them. So we see our role is more of a facilitator than we do as somebody to be buying stores given our asset-light model. But I do think there could be an opportunity at different points in time for us to take control of some stores as they transition to another party if that's a better way to approach it. So I wouldn't rule that out. And then I'll let Chris just talk a little bit about the receivables.
Greg Creed: Sure. As far as the pizza business, I wanted to make sure we all recognize that the Pizza Hut International business is performing quite well, starting to really deliver on some of the things that we’ve been looking for out of that business in terms of moving to a modern delivery asset base. We talked about in the script the fact that they are plus 6% on the off-premise sales on a two-year basis plus 3% lapping a 3%. All of that is a really good sign in terms of the strength of the Pizza Hut brand when it's executed by - in the market. The Pizza Hut U.S. business as we've talked about also previously has some unique challenges given the dining state and the conditions of the assets on the locations of those assets. So that's what we're trying to address by moving to a more modern delivery estate and setting the business up for long-term health. Unfortunately a lot of franchisees or some franchisees have some debt that makes it hard to relocate those assets and that's where we're working through with those parties to get the stores in the hands of the right partners that are well capitalized to grow and build the business. It's not the majority of our franchisees. The majority of our franchisees are good partners and doing a nice job. But as you know the QSR category is facing a lot of wage pressures right now and that is pressuring unit level economics and franchisees economics. But as we always remind people, building a new Pizza Hut is a good investment. The unit economics stand on themselves. This is more about working through with select group of franchisees that may have more debt on their business than they should to get those stores capitalize properly and in the right hands of the right partners.
Greg Creed: Yes. Thanks Brian. Look, I think we're really excited that we're coming out of this transformation with a business that is stronger and better positioned to grow. That's to start. And that is very much due to Greg's leadership over the last five years, as I said in my prepared remarks. Now that we’ve got a better machine, we'd like to drive faster and grow faster. And I'll detail a lot of this as we get into 2020, but just to give you a preview. We've talked about this Recipe for Growth and how it's been fueling our growth over the last couple of years. I think there is an opportunity to lean in further within the Recipe for Growth on the customer experience. We are not consistently executing the customer experience around the world to the standards that we have. We have pockets of excellence. We can be more consistent on that. There is obviously an opportunity on technology which Chris talked about. And then there's an opportunity to better leverage our scale. I think now that we are more of a franchisor, less of an equity operator that gives us the ability to turn our focus to leveraging the scale on behalf of the entire system. We organize in a better way to do that. I think you've seen more collaboration around world, again thanks to again thanks to Greg's leadership in dialing up the collaboration. All of that leads to an opportunity on scale. I do think that potentially could be something that would give us a benefit if we did an acquisition. So, we don’t need an acquisition to grow. Our brands today are strong generally around the world with plenty of growth opportunities, but we certainly wouldn't rule out an acquisition. I think the other thing that you'll see us talk about is as we've talked a lot about the Recipe for Growth. At the same time, we've had what we called our Recipe for Good that our businesses are doing all around the world and their communities, around people planet and food. We’ll talk more about that as we get into 2020 and the way we can dial up our communication on that and our efforts in that area.
Greg Creed: As far as our guidance for 2020 and 2021, we'll talk a little bit more about that on the Q4 earnings call. But in general, we've put in place a long-term growth algorithm that we think we can achieve over the next several years and that's what our business is built for. Certainly some challenges in Pizza Hut U.S. We've pressured that model but at the same time upside from Taco Bell, International growth and all of the other success that we're having around the world with KFC gives you confidence that we can overcome pressures to the model. But again we’ll talk more about that in Q4 when we get sort of our updates to the long-term growth model. Our plan is really to just provide you on an annual basis any onetime adjustment for the long-term growth model. For example, this year we had a 53rd week. Next year, we'll be lapping the 53rd year. We'll provide you the guidance for what that means for 2019 -- for 2020.
Greg Creed: Thank you, David. So in closing, after 25 years with the company, today is my final earnings call. I've been blessed to work with and I've learned such I think much from such amazing individuals including our Board, our team members, our franchisees and our customers. After five years as CEO, I feel really good about what we accomplished and what's next for Yum!. We've transformed the company and I truly believe that Yum! is stronger for all its stakeholders. And now I'm handing the reins to David. David's been an incredible partner and I'm looking forward to watching him lead. Now finally, I want to thank you our investors and the analysts. Through the years, you've challenged us, asked the tough questions, gave your opinions and kept us sharp. You've made me a better leader and kept us sharp. You’ve made me a better leader and Yum! a better company, and for all of that and your kind wishes today, thank you.
David Gibbs: Well, look I would just highlight from a tech standpoint, we're proud of the work that we've done to-date, but there's a lot more to do. I think like a lot of companies, we have a healthy dissatisfaction in terms of our tech agenda and we're going after it much more aggressively. And Chris can talk a little bit about that. As far as what we've done to-date, obviously, the QuikOrder transaction has worked out quite well. By bringing them in-house, we've been able to improve their capabilities and provide better services to our franchisees at lower costs. The deal with Grubhub has given us great commercial terms for our franchisees and that's allowed us to uniformly launch delivery without having to push back that I think others may have seen both in Taco Bell and the KFC system. But I know, with - one of the reasons, I'm very excited about Chris joining the team and Clay Johnson joining the team is these guys bring a lot to the tech discussion as well as Gavin Felder and I know they've got a lot of plans going forward.
David Gibbs: Yes. I mean as far as our unit count guidance, we don't historically provide guidance by brand. So I'll talk about Yum! in general. We've raised our guidance previously to 4% net unit growth. We still think that's a right number for the long term. As we've highlighted on the last earnings call with leaning in on Pizza Hut that introduced a little bit more uncertainty into the pace of development. But we still think over the next few years, we will average that 4% unit growth number. As far as Taco Bell, that's actually one of the areas that I think we're most excited about what's going on in international. We by choice focused on a few countries to try to get the pace of development really going in those countries. So you highlight that it’s 13 countries, but when you get a franchisees they sign up to build 600 units in India obviously that can make a meaningful step change to the pace of our development at Taco Bell internationally to just take one example. But we will be expanding to additional countries over time. But I think we're really at the point where Taco Bell International development can start to become a more meaningful contributor to us. And then, as far as KFC maintaining their lofty pace of development, we see no reason why that can't continue and the strength of that brand is something that I would just highlight for everybody on this earnings call. It just continues to be widespread strength with clear brand positioning, a team that's really energized about the growth prospects ahead of us and absolutely believe in our ability to continue to grow and develop and accelerate the pace of KFC development.
David Gibbs: Yes. I guess on the question of aggregators obviously, we value our partnership with Grubhub and one of the key features of that partnership to your point Sara is that we integrated the technologies, so that the orders get past directly into our POS systems. That wasn't easy. That was part of the reason. There was a delay in launch. But we think, that does give us a true competitive advantage over a lot of other people that are working with aggregators. So we haven't really had issues that you're alluding to in terms of being able to get the orders to the stores accurately and then back out to the customer. As far as KFC and Beyond Nuggets, obviously we're all intrigued by plant-based meat alternatives and the success that we did with Beyond, the success of that test that we did with Beyond obviously is a good sign. We’ve done other test around the world. That’s not the only one that we' done is the one that’s garner the most press in the U.S. So you can expect more to come on that front. You saw just a couple of weeks ago Pizza Hut launched in the U.S. launched their compostable box and did so with the plant-based alternative meat topping. So, we think there is plenty of application for it, but more to come on that over time.
David Gibbs: Thanks Gregory. Good question. As we come to the close on the transformation we've provided the 1.7% guidance for the transformation on G&A. You saw that this quarter we were at 1.6% and so we feel comfortable with how we're closing out the transformation from G&A perspective. There’s been reset to a lower base. I think going forward you could expect a more normal run rate trajectory on G&A. Given the lower base, there will be some timing differences that could create some lumpiness there and we will be investing in technology and other areas, but we do expect in general to get leverage on our sales growth over time.
