David W. Gibbs: Yeah, I think, as you described, John, it's really a big part of the solution to getting to incremental development. As we've talked about before, we're not going to throw out new targets for development, but the Development Agreements that we're signing from refranchising this time around with our refranchising are really quite incremental versus the previous efforts of refranchising, where we didn't undertake these kinds of Development Agreements.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah, and on the financial side, as I mentioned, we're doing a little bit of priming the pump on the incremental media. And we'll be investing $25 million in incremental media from Yum! in 2017 and then another $12.5 million in 2018. There's an ongoing permanent commitment to incremental media from the franchisees that goes on after that. So, every other part of the investment would really be, at this point, classified as special. So, I think for your modeling purposes, you'll see that $25 million and $12 million (sic) [$12.5 million] (29:02) hit through our income statement.
David W. Gibbs: On the asset front, you asked about the assets. We have, as we've mentioned it before, we've started ramping up the pace of remodeling over a year ago as part of another agreement with our franchisees. That agreement will be modified but continue over the next several years and you'll continue to see us accelerate the pace of fixing our stores. There will be incentives for what Greg was referring to, which is the fast-casual delco model, which we're quite excited about, given the sales bump we get from that versus other asset actions. So, I think, as Greg said, there's a lot of competitive information here that we can't reveal, but there is a plan along every critical front in the battle in the pizza category, whether it be operations, technology, or assets or advertising.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah, one of the other headwinds that we've highlighted is just the timing mismatch between when we're cutting G&A and getting savings versus the loss of operating profit from refranchising. I think on the last call, I highlighted that that worked in our favor last year. This quarter, those two things were about neutral. So, you see us performing at about our base underlying rate, since we don't have a 53rd week this quarter and we don't have that issue. But, as the year progresses, that will be the headwind that we described entering the year.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah, John, this is David. Just one point on the unit count for clarity; some of the 7,600 units that we have are licensed units versus the 5,400 that Domino's owns. (39:34)
David W. Gibbs: Our traditional unit count is more in the 6,300 to 6,400 unit range, but your question about the future asset base of the brand is a good one. I think as we pointed out in last investor discussions, new unit development for Pizza Hut still generates good returns. It's one of our better returning programs that we have because of the small box cost. We're excited about some of the new vehicles we've developed with the fast-casual Delco. And we certainly don't think that Pizza Hut should be shrinking in the United States. We think it can get back to being a growth concept. And we've market mapped out further opportunities to grow our brand in the United States.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah, absolutely. I think that the big part of the strategy is relocating out of many of those Red Roofs, which not only are the assets not in great shape, but oftentimes, they're in the wrong part of the trade area. Greg referenced that on our trip a couple of weeks ago, we visited one of these stores where the trade area had clearly moved away from our Red Roof, where we were doing half the volume that we eventually ended up doing just by moving a half mile down the road to where more of the activity is. Now, it's not to say that there also won't, over the short-term, be a little bit of churn in the asset base. And you'll see some closures and some openings, so I can't predict the timing of the net new units, probably, over the next year or so. But I can say that the Pizza Hut team and we feel confident that there's growth opportunities for the Pizza Hut brand in the U.S., both in growing the top-line of our existing units, relocating them to more powerful assets, and penetrating new trade areas.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah, we're not going to share specifics on that, but what I can say is they'll be investing in incremental media. They'll be investing along with us in incremental technology investments. So, this is not as if it's a one-sided investment. That's why we're all, obviously, so excited about the agreement. We all know that the partnership between the brand and the franchisees has to be right to get a business to grow. That's what we have at KFC U.S. And I think this is good evidence that the Pizza Hut franchisees and the Pizza Hut brand leadership are working in concert to bring the brand forward.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah, I think given that Pizza Hut has light company ownership, the margins can be a little misleading. The margins in the U.S. are actually better than the margins shown there. So, the margins are somewhat pulled down by international markets with new equity stores and preopening expenses and things like that. And obviously, off of a very light number, I wouldn't read too much in it. Obviously, margins are down in the U.S. business because of the decline in sales, that's certain. But, yeah, I think the overall Pizza Hut business still has, for our franchise partners and for us, has solid margins, which we certainly believe we can grow.
David W. Gibbs: I think it really varies by franchisee in concept, but certainly the development trade areas that we've identified as part of these agreements are ones that we think meet the hurdle requirements. And for our brands, that probably ranges from cash paybacks from three to eight years, something like that.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah, I think we are confident in our journey towards $3.75 that you mentioned. And I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks that all of our transformation initiatives are on track, with encouraging results. We've never actually thrown out a specific sales number that underlies the $3.75, other than saying that it's more like our historical rate of growth. So, I think we're excited by some of the things we're seeing at Taco Bell and the Transformation Agreement and the ability over the next few years for our sales to accelerate for all of the reasons we've talked about. But as I often point out, a lot of the stuff in getting to the $3.75 is completely under our control, share buybacks, refranchisings...
David W. Gibbs: Look, yeah, I think a big part of this is changing our mindset on development and really starting to think about every market, emerging and developed, as a great opportunity for us, because we've seen even in developed markets that our brands can get to much greater penetration. I mean, I mentioned in my prepared remarks on Pizza Hut, our master franchisee down in Australia just took, I think, close to 50 Eagle Boys restaurants and converted them to Pizza Huts. That's great growth in the developed market. At the same time, the Pizza Hut team is out striking a deal in Ethiopia to expand into a new country. So, you're seeing that across the board. And the Global Leadership Summit that Greg talked about was a great opportunity to really galvanize the team on this deal-making and growth mindset. And you should continue to see things like Eagle Boys and Ethiopia and new market entry and new deals come across the wire as we start to ramp up the pace of development.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah, going into the year, I think our expectations was around $25 million or so. First quarter came in a little bit lighter than that run rate, and forward rates would indicate something along those lines.
David W. Gibbs: Well, like I said, we were a little bit lighter in the first quarter, but I don't think we're that precise on predicting FX, but $25 million is probably a good number to use.
David W. Gibbs: There are not going to be any change to our guidance for the year, as far as individual brands and breaking it down. We're not going to provide that level of detail, but certainly you can see from the results from the first quarter and extrapolate from there.
Greg Creed: Well, look, I'm going to let David give you some more details. Let me just give you the context of why we've made this decision on Pizza Hut and why we have signed up for the Acceleration Agreement, because I think having this context is important for everybody. If I step back two or three years, I think we've made a number of, what I call, focused bold decisions. Early 2015, along with the KFC franchisees, we reached the Acceleration Agreement in which we said we would invest $180 million through 2018. I think that's demonstrated clearly to be a wise investment. We've had 11 quarters of consecutive same-store sales growth, margins have doubled. We then separated China, as we all know. We've created these two powerful independent-focused growth companies, I think another wise decision. Around the transformation of Yum! we've set these four growth drivers, we believe, will obviously enhance our growth going forward. And now, we're focusing on another bold action, which is the Transformation Agreement with the Pizza Hut U.S. franchisees. As David said, it's a $130 million investment. From a Yum! point of view, it's modest. For a Pizza Hut point of view, yes, it's significant. And, well, I'll let David explain the details, I'm very confident that, like the other three bold actions, it will unlock significant value and long-term growth for years to come. It's the right thing to do for the Pizza Hut brand.
Greg Creed: Well, I think what we've got to do is make sure the brand has what I call a delivery digital-centric focus. Obviously, there will continue to be active upgrades. It was interesting. Dave and I were out and touring a number of markets the last couple of weeks looking at the Zinger, looking at some asset actions that we've taken at Pizza Hut, and it was very clear. We were in one place and we've shut down an old Red Roof about half a mile down the road from what is now a fast-casual Delco end cap and I think sales – I may be wrong, have gone something like $14,000 to $29,000, or something like that. So, I think the assets will change. I think making sure that when we advertise a price point, we've got that consistently on air across the country, having the franchisees align behind that. In the past, we've not had necessarily great commitment, so I think part of it is making sure that when we play a value play, that every customer across the whole country gets the benefit of that. I think those are just some of the advantages that you'll see. We don't want to get into too much of the messaging that's going to occur, because obviously, this is a very cutthroat and competitive category. And I really don't want to get into the messages we're going to put out there. I just want to say that I feel very good about the messages we've got coming. I think they will resonate with customers. They will reinforce a delivery, sort of digital-centric nature, and the customers will see it as a more consistent expression across the country.
Greg Creed: Thanks, Dennis. As I said in my prepared remarks, in March, we had a Global Leadership Summit. We took the top 200 leaders from around the world. And I think to keep it simple, we discussed the sort of the what and the why. So, we were very clear about the what, which is we're going to be more focused, more franchised, more efficient, and that we were going to accelerate growth by thinking differently, acting differently, and leading differently. David also gave a great example of why we need to do that from a financial point of view. And I came away incredibly excited that the top 200 leaders in the organization are rallying around the fact that we can get more growth out of this business. And so, it was great to obviously see the Taco Bell numbers are simply stunning. I mean, 8% same-store sales growth, 5% coming from transactions. Even the U.S. KFC business, which was up 2%, but it was 2% transaction growth. And I like sales that come predominantly from transaction growth rather than from pricing. And so, I'm very encouraged by the early start. We have a long way to go, but I do believe that we can consistently grow system sales through a combination of focus around same-store sales and focus around net new units.
Greg Creed: Yeah, there was some cost of sales and labor inflation in the numbers, but offset by better sales. So, I think the good news is we did get margin expansion. Last year, cost of sales at Taco Bell ran negative. They'll probably run slightly positive, around 2%, this year. Now that's coming off, I think, minus about mid-single digits last year. So, there was some inflation in labor. There was some inflation in cost of sales, but the good news was more than offset by the strength in the top-line. And, as I said, continuing to bring innovation to the marketplace, continue to be strong on value, as David said, improving operations. Again, we have been out visiting restaurants and the Taco Bells we visited, I think, were all A's. I mean, we just saw great execution. These were blind visits. No one was expecting us. Mike Grams is doing a great job improving the operating performance there, as well. So, it's world-class advertising, breakthrough innovation, great value, great operations, all of that offsetting what was some underlying labor and cost of goods inflation in the quarter.
Greg Creed: I mean, the great thing is Taco Bell's got a calendar for the next couple of years, so as things happen in the marketplace – I mean, let's not kid ourselves. You'll see more "naked" products. We'd be crazy not to. But you'll always see Taco Bell doing price value. You'll see them doing breakfast. We've got good transaction growth out of breakfast again. Two year comps, I think, were like 12% on transaction growth at breakfast. So, they're doing everything right. And they have a pipeline that if anything happened, they could react to flexibly, but right now, they're executing their strategy and they're doing an incredible job executing it really well.
Greg Creed: Yeah, we don't want to get into the specifics, but our delivery performance is better than our dine-in performance, obviously, but I think the key thing is we have a long way to go. There's a lot of difference between where we are and where we need to be. And I'm really excited that this Pizza Hut Acceleration Agreement will help us get there. It was the catalyst for change at KFC. I mean, if I step back – and I think most of you, when I took over this job, thought we'd take the under on a KFC U.S. turnaround. Hopefully, we've proven that we turned that around. And I'm equally confident that with this Pizza Hut Acceleration Agreement in place, we can do the same thing for Pizza Hut as we've done for KFC.
Greg Creed: Yeah, I think there's areas where we're not very well penetrated. The Northeast is not a highly-penetrated Pizza Hut market. I think talking to new franchisees signing development agreements in those parts of the country, I think will be a positive to the brand. And as the brand builds its top-line momentum, which we believe we will deliver, I think that will only make people even more encouraged. The good thing is we're not short of people who want to sign on to be Pizza Hut franchisees. The good news is that we've got new franchisees who believe in the story that we're selling, who know more of the details that we can't share, are signing up. And I think that's encouraging and an encouraging sign for us, as well.
Greg Creed: They just had a great quarter. January was good. February was good. March was good. This wasn't like Naked Chicken sort of saved the quarter, and what you could save plus-8%. It was a strong across the board. We have high-low going with the $1 Double Stacked Tacos, and then the Triple Double Crunchwrap. You've got innovation in Naked Chicken Chalupa, improving operations, I think world-class marketing. I do believe that the team had turned this into a cult brand. And it's not hard to turn a $10 billion mass brand into a cult brand, but I believe they've done it. So, they had just a incredibly strong quarter, every day, every week, every month. And that's what gives us encouragement that they're doing everything right to continue to grow this business for the long long-term.
Greg Creed: No, each of the brands has a separate agency. I do agree with you that I think the Colonel campaign was a core part of why we've had a lot of success in the U.S., but, at the same time, product availability, improving operations, there's a lot of things that go into place. Definitely the Colonel campaign has worked, but to answer your question specifically, each agency in the U.S. uses a different agency. Each brand uses a different agency.
Greg Creed: Yeah, I think we're seeing, across the board, good net new unit growth on both KFC and on Pizza Hut. On the Pizza Hut side, we measure 13 distinct markets. I think 6 are developing and 7 have developed. And of those, 12 of the 13 had system sales growth in the quarter, the only exception being the U.S. So, I do believe we're seeing strong net new unit growth. Internationally, we delivered 6% net new unit growth in the quarter, which was a strong number, and I think KFC also delivered 4% net new unit growth. So, it's quite strong. I think, as David said, what we love is we're keeping control of the asset-mapping process. We're not giving that to the franchisees. So we're out there, we have mapped the world. We know where there's opportunities. And I think, as David said, we know that net new units is something we can control as towards our growth targets. And because the business is much more focused, as I said earlier, we're focused on four things, distinct relevant brands, unmatched franchise operating capability, bold asset development, and culture and talent. And I think because the organization is more focused, you are seeing us make progress on a broader scale than we had probably in the past.
Greg Creed: I mean, we have more Development Agreements for Taco Bell internationally than we have Taco Bells on the ground internationally. We've never been in that situation. We don't have 400 Taco Bells on the ground, but we have 400 Development Agreements, 100 with China. So, I'm with David. I think it's about being focused. We are really focused on distinct relevant brands. Why? Because that drives same-store sales. Unmatched franchise operating capability. Why? That drives same-store sales. Bold asset development. Why? Because that drives net new units. Focusing on those three things will drive system sales. And I think everyone came away from the global summit – the word is focused. That's what I'm going to stick with, and I honestly believe that this focus is going to pay off for us, for our shareholders, for our franchisees, and employees.
Greg Creed: Sure, okay, so to take the KFC one first. I think, as I said in the call, in places like Russia, Central and Eastern Europe, Australia, New Zealand, Latin America, we had more than 6% same-store sales growth. Now, as we said, it was offset by businesses in France and the Middle East. I can assure you my discussions with Roger Eaton are all about how do we use repeatable model to drive underlying same-store sales growth. We talked about the delivery summit that we're going to hold in China. That was really a collaboration between Roger and Micky about Roger saying he does believe that there is more growth upside from delivery. We've got a test going in the UK right now on delivery where in, I think, about 89 stores are testing delivery, are seeing some early positive results to that test. So, I think using the repeatable model, leveraging the power of Yum! by, in this case, taking a delivery summit with the China team and then leveraging off what some of the strong markets, consistently strong markets, I mean, Russia, Australia, Central and Eastern Europe, they've consistently delivered way above 3% same-store sales growth. So, taking those learnings, converting into repeatable models; I can assure you Roger is very focused on all of those things. So, I feel good that we can take that number from 2%-plus you said closer to 3%, which would be a nice thing. On the Pizza Hut side, yeah, I think the value discussion was less about the value price point. It was about everyone sort of, I guess, living up to the value price point in the marketplace. And we've had some price points on television that not everybody when the customer goes to order online has been able to take the benefit. And part of what this agreement is about is getting ourselves aligned that everyone honors the price point that's on television or on digital or social. So, that will be a change. I don't want to get again into the actual details of the specifics, but I do like the fact that we'll have more of the system aligned behind what the message is that we're delivering in any particular time. Hopefully, that will happen in the short-term, but, as we said, we've got a lot to do on Pizza Hut. This agreement is really just a catalyst to get it all going. And, as we said, we'll hopefully see improvements later this year and obviously into next year. So, a lot of work to do, but I think we're doing all of the right things and the KFC agreement is the reason to believe.
Greg Creed: Okay, so I want to thank everyone for being on the call. As I said, I think we've had a strong start to the year. And I'm going to leave you all with my bet for the 143rd running of the Kentucky Derby. It's Irish War Cry. So, if you back it and win, I'm a genius. If you back it and lose, I don't want to hear about it. Thanks for being on the call. A solid start to the year; we believe we're going to have a good year. We're very excited about the Pizza Hut Acceleration Agreement. And I think if we can continue to have the Taco Bell brand perform, the KFC brand perform and then we see the upside of the Pizza Hut Acceleration Agreement, I think the long term looks bright. I'm still very encouraged that the transformation of Yum! is well underway, and we will deliver on everything that we've promised. So, thanks for being on the call, appreciate it. Speak to you all soon. Bye-bye.
