David W. Gibbs: Well, I'll start with the piece on the assets. I think you're referring to the Fast Casual Delco model that we've been rolling out over the last few years... with pretty good success.
David W. Gibbs: The good news is that we have offered an incentive for our franchisees to accelerate the Fast Casual Delco model and we've seen a number of franchisees sign up. In fact, we were hit with 100 submissions to participate in expanding the test. So I think the Fast Casual Delco initiative is off to a good start. That's not just an initiative, by the way, that we're doing in the United States, that is also a big part of our international growth strategy.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah. And then on the other items that you asked about, Dennis, like technology, assets, operations, obviously all very critical, all part of the overall Transformation Agreement with the U.S. franchisees. As one piece of evidence of the progress we're making on technology, you heard Greg reference the loyalty program that we just launched. You can expect to see those kinds of improvements to our technology platforms coming out but obviously we are not going to share much in advance of revealing them to the consumers. And then on the operations front, I know the team – you've also seen our messaging start to reference hot and fresh, and the way that we're going to make sure that our consumers get the absolute best product. We know we have the best product in the category when we deliver it hot and fresh. We're doubling down and making sure that we have the capability with drivers and equipment to make that happen on a consistent basis.
David W. Gibbs: It's a good question, John. I wouldn't read too much into it. For example, the same-store sales growth for the quarter of 2% was a very strong 2%. So there is some rounding that's happening there and a little bit of mix issues, a little bit of timing of when new units open. So when you put it all together, yes, it rounded up, and we like that but there's a number of different miscellaneous factors that contributed to it.
David W. Gibbs: Just on the prevalence of programs in our system, yes, we do have loyalty programs and we have some in parts of Asia that are executed quite well and a big part of driving the business. So we've certainly gone to school on our – within our own system on leveraging learnings. We actually engaged an outside party also to help us understand the loyalty landscape. In a lot of cases, being the last to the party on loyalty in the pizza category is a good thing because we get to offer the best program and learn from the experiences of others.
David W. Gibbs: I think that there's mostly some timing issues that would contribute to that. The $9 million that – we called out the $9 million on the KFC line just because KFC had a very strong quarter this year and I wanted to make sure everybody understood that a small portion of it was more one-time related to U.S. fees that we collected earlier than normal that contributed to an outsized quarter when it came to U.S. fee – U.S. KFC franchisee fee income. That was close to $6 million. But I wouldn't read too much into the second part of your question.
David W. Gibbs: I don't think we're going to – we're not revising our guidance on CapEx spending. Obviously, we're laser-focused on getting the overall rate down to $100 million by 2019. In terms of how the spending is going this year, it's sort of in line with the targeted number. Maybe there's a little upside there, but I wouldn't read too much into that either.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah. I don't know if we lost him or not, but John, just to address the point you made on unit development, we haven't released any specific targets for unit development. So you referenced 4% to 5%. Certainly, we'd like to get to levels like that but we've been focused on the overall mission of getting to 7% in system sales growth over the long term. A big part of that will be increasing our development because we know when we plant that development pipeline over the long term we can count on it to deliver that growth every single year. Yeah, so and you should be looking for us to continue to be ramping up development in the years to come, but we haven't released any future guidance on that.
David W. Gibbs: Yeah. I think one of the features of the Pizza Hut Transformation Agreement is actually a limitation on the U.S. stores, making it harder to close stores in the U.S. So we should get a benefit from that in 2018 if you're thinking about broader issues that may be working in our favor. But beyond that, I think we've said this on many calls, we got our management team together in the spring. The mission in this company has been to hammer home this focus on development. Bold restaurant development is one of our four key growth drivers. And I think we've seen a mindset shift all around the country, all around the world, that is really contributing to much more focus on development than we've ever had. Greg mentioned different formats. There's just a lot of good stuff going on in development. Now it takes time to plant a development pipeline and get it to grow, but we do expect to see an increase in development in 2018.
David W. Gibbs: We won't provide very specific numbers. But our digital mix is around 50%. Even though we have more than half of our stores in the U.S., our dine-in stores, our business is very heavily reliant on carryout and delivery. I don't know. Maybe 10% to 15% of sales are dine-in, and the rest of the sales, just in broad terms, are split between carryout and delivery.
David W. Gibbs: And one other point on development, which I think Greg alluded to earlier but just to expand on. The KFC U.S. business for many years was a net closure of stores, north of 100 closures every year. The KFC U.S. team, given the strength in the underlying business now feels really confident that they can get themselves to be a net opener of stores and that could get to north of 100 openings per year. So you think about a 200-unit swing alone just in KFC U.S., that'll obviously take time to implement. That obviously would be one of the contributors to the increase in development.
David W. Gibbs: No. I mean, as we've said in past calls, we built the model on reasonable assumptions. We don't have to be heroes to get to that number. So the kinds of things that would contribute to outperformance would be an acceleration of system sales growth, a turnaround in the Pizza Hut U.S. business. We're not counting on any of those things to get there. So the "at least" is only there to indicate that we certainly have room to go beyond that if we see an acceleration in development, system sales growth beyond historical rates, Pizza Hut U.S. getting back to growth.
David W. Gibbs: Yes, absolutely. Pizza Huts obviously, with smaller investments in the smaller box units typically garner less proceeds, lower volumes versus, for example, our Taco Bells, which is our highest volume concept that we are selling stores of any scale on. So very much you will see that number move around from quarter to quarter, depending on the mix of the units.
Greg Creed: Yeah. We actually shared that with the International Partners Council when we were with them in London probably three weeks ago, and I think there was true excitement about Fast Casual Delco as a global opportunity for Pizza Hut.
Greg Creed: I think there's also, as we have been – David and I've been around, and I've been in Brazil, UK, Poland, Japan, Hong Kong in the last quarter. I think it's a couple of things. One is the small box concept is definitely taking – getting traction, and that small box is allowing us to penetrate places like in Africa, into places we would not have been able to traditionally penetrate with our existing sort of asset base. And then, I think, Cantina – I was up in Chicago the other day, one of our franchisees in Chicago. He has one opened in Wicker Park and he showed me where he's going to open another four or five. There's no trade-off with any of our existing Taco Bell stuff. So I think the whole opportunity for us to get into small box Cantinas, urbanizes the brand will help us drive net new units.
Greg Creed: Yeah. I mean, if you think about it, we've been closing KFC U.S. stores for a number of years, for quite a number of years. Hopefully, with the now 12th consecutive quarter of performance at KFC, there will be some change there as well. I think, as David said, the development agreements sort of go with refranchising. So as the refranchising occurs, the development agreements kick in. And then obviously these new units, small box new formats Cantinas, the 38-square-meter we saw in Brazil, I think all of these provide us opportunities to penetrate and continue to grow our net new unit.
Greg Creed: Well, I think there's obvious markets like China where we'll continue to see a lot of new unit growth. I think as we said, Taco Bell focusing on four big markets, China, India, Brazil, and Canada. As we said, we've opened our first freestanding drive-thru in Canada, the second one is under construction. In that one market, we think we can open six or seven. We've got U.S. franchisees for Taco Bell now sort of doing development in Canada. They're now doing development in Korea. So I think that where we've seen growth, which will be Asia, Africa, Central and Eastern Europe, we've got a lot of these locked into long-term development agreements. As David and I said, we were with the Pizza Hut franchisees last week. Have a new franchisee for Pizza Hut in Japan. Very impressed that he has got a real growth mindset, and I think we can accelerate opportunities in Japan as well. So I see it on that side. On delivery, as we said in the prepared remarks, about 20,000 restaurants currently deliver. Obviously mostly Pizza Huts, but a large number of KFCs and obviously Taco Bells as well. I do think that delivery is going to grow. We like the benefits of delivery, higher check, incrementality, new users, new occasions. And I think what we're doing right now is testing in a number of places just user aggregators, doing it ourselves. But I think we all see really a lot of potential growth there. Encouraged by some of the tests that are going on, like a UK test for KFC, where we're actually doing a test with both aggregators and by ourselves. We're seeing good incrementality, good check growth. So I think even the KFC team believes that adding another $1 billion in sales in the next few years is not without its possibility. And then, Taco Bell, obviously, where we are doing delivery with DoorDash, I think it's now in a 1000 restaurants and it can get bigger as well. So I think our brands are well established with 20,000 restaurants doing it. We have the expertise of Pizza Hut to help us. I think brands like KFC are ideally set up to be delivered with large buckets, $5 boxes, $10 chicken shares and $20 buckets. It's almost like the Colonel 60 years ago realized one day we'd be delivering this stuff. So I think we're in a really good place to take advantage of it. We do think there's growth there for us, and to some extent we're actually – KFC China is hosting a delivery summit this month where everyone from around the world will be going to a delivery summit in China so we can learn best practice from them, but also share best practice that we are doing from around the world. So we are all in on delivery.
Greg Creed: Well, I don't want to get into Q3 in the pizza category, given the competitive nature of it. I think what I can say is we've said it's a slow build. The incremental media didn't happen in the first half, it will happen in the second half. Obviously, we've just rolled out loyalty. So I think you will hopefully see a slow build, and we see the results obviously paying off in 2018 and beyond on Pizza Hut. From a demand environment point of view, I think the great thing about our category is or the great thing about food is you've got to eat it and I think there will be winners and losers. I think the people that have the most distinct and relevant brands, the people that do the best job of executing operations, the people that open new units and the people who are driven by culture and talent and that's why they're the four things we are focused on because we believe by focusing on those four things we can be successful in both the U.S. and on the global scale. So that's, I think, sort of the way I see the market at the moment.
Greg Creed: No. I think, I mean, value is always going to be important. So I don't see any renewed focus. I mean, if you think about it, the question is – I think we've got very good everyday value. At KFC, we have $5, $10, and $20, and that really does resonate. I think $7.99 at Pizza Hut, I think the $1 and the $5 boxes at Taco Bell. So what I like about the way we're set up is that we've got everyday great value. What we don't have to do is to get into this deep discounting and sort of cutting the price on core products which you never want to get into because one day you got to raise those prices. So I really like the way the three brands have constructed their value equation in the marketplace. I think you see that it's working on the whole. And what I appreciate is the franchisees' commitments to staying on those price points so that our customers know day in and day out they can always get not just the best tasting food but the best value in the marketplace.
Greg Creed: I think the answer to that it's like the answer is and. We've got to make it easier and better. We do believe we have the better pizza; we've got to continue to make sure that we deliver a better pizza in the marketplace. But better is also making sure that our piping hot pizza gets delivered to you on time and therefore obviously tastes better. So I think the answer is, just like everything in life, we have to be easy and we have to be better. So we're working on the easy components whether that's all the technology, the digital play whether that's loyalty, and at the same time, we're obviously continuing to work on making sure we have the best pizza in the marketplace. And I think a combination of both of those will see us sort of build the Pizza Hut brand back into the brand we want it to be.
Greg Creed: I mean, the way I look at Taco Bell is, we are just really enthusiastic about the long-term fundamentals of the business, whether it's the consumer metrics, the ops metrics, the financial metrics. Obviously, the brand has delivered consistent, healthy same-store sales growth over the long-term. And I think the icing on the cake, Dave and I happened to spend two days with the FRANMAC group, which is the franchise leadership group for Taco Bell in June, and I think to say they were happy with where the brand is, happy with where the brand is going and happy with the Taco Bell leadership team would be an understatement. So I just feel good about where the brand is going. What happens then quarter by quarter, I think, you will see us continue to deliver. The long-term fundamentals for this business are in great shape.
Greg Creed: Okay. So thank you all for being on the call. As we said, we believe we had another successful quarter, 6% system growth, 21% EPS growth, 19% core operating profit growth, and we look forward to updating you as we work the brands as we go through the rest of the year. So thanks for being on the call. Appreciate it.
