Greg Creed: Yes, well obviously we’re excited about the progress we’re making on development as I mentioned the 2600 growth new units is really a record for the last decade or so and in the quarter itself we opened up a net of 732 units compared to the 661 we opened last quarter of 2016. So that’s a quarterly increase of 71 units.  So, you can see we're making progress on the full year numbers, the quarterly numbers. There is momentum behind development. As far as how the refranchising plays into this, we've talked repeatedly about the fact that we're getting development commitments in the refranchising deals, but up until this last quarter, we hadn’t done the majority of our franchising with close to 900 units being refranchised in the fourth quarter. Those all came along with the lot of significant development commitment. So, we're starting to see the benefits of the development commitments creeping in to the numbers that we're reporting, but I still think there is a lot more to come from those development commitments. And because we're typically made over a multiyear period, so we think this sets us up with momentum on the development front for several years to come. 
Greg Creed: Let me take the first couple. As you know, in the U.S. we've got a couple of discounts with KFC. So right now, I think by the end of the year, we'll have -- Grubhub will cover probably about 80% of all of the restaurants that could deliver. From a KFC perspective, we're not delivering at the moment, we're just in a couple of test markets with KFC delivery. So, we have a lot of work obviously as we believe those test, expand those test, and start delivering.  I think we've said in the past that we've got close to 1500 Taco Bells already delivering, but this will expand obviously the capability for Taco Bell. So, what we're excited about is both KFC and Taco Bell is really as an opportunity to expand the presence that we've got in the number of stores that we can obviously bring closer to our customer.  On the POS system, obviously we're aligning the [indiscernible] systems, that work is obviously underway. It will be critical as a part of making it seems for our customer whether they order of our apps website or the Grubhub apps and website all that work is ongoing.  And I think on the last question was just, already joined the board and what the possibilities are for the Pizza Hut brand as a result of that. And I think that's one where the ongoing conversations about how both Grubhub and Pizza Hub can leverage as a partnership if there are ways to do so. But right now, this is mostly about the Taco Bell KFC relationship with Grubhub.  And I would also point out that this isn't just about delivery, it's about the ability to order online to Grubhub and pickup products at our restaurants. And Grubhub and Taco Bell and KFC are working diligently to integrate the POS as you mentioned to make the ordering process very quick to get the orders into the restaurants and to the consumers. And we have certain coverage ratios and targets in our agreements that when we hit them, we’ll really unleash the power of the partnership. 
Greg Creed: Yes, I would just say that I think Taco Bell has been competitive in the competitive market and as we saw with the Blueminatti $1which we just started the year with and as you’ve all seen we have launched nacho fries at a $1. So obviously it’s a competitive marketplace but what I like about the Taco Bell team is they are obviously quick to response to changes in the marketplace and I feel good about what we’ve got on our calendar for 2018.
Greg Creed: Thanks, Sara. On the tax savings, and the returning to shareholders. As you know, we're in the process of transforming Yum! into a free cash flow machine. So, we don't have any needs on cash that we haven’t been able to meet with our own cash generated. So consistent with the transformation the plan is to return the incremental cash from tax reform to shareholders.  On the Grubhub deal, and the franchise economics, we did a thorough process in terms of understanding the economic to franchises, understanding the different options for us. And it was a really important part of this process for us to make sure that we ensured our franchises have good economics. We leveraged our scale and our marketing cloud and what we can bring to our partners. And we think we have a deal, we're not going to go into the commercial terms, and we think we have the deal set up that our franchises will absolutely embrace and it will drive incremental profitability and sales for them. 
Greg Creed: I think that certainly the investment that we’re making at Grub Hub we believe allows them to expand their coverage and obviously expanding their coverage gives more access as David has pointed out to both pick-up and delivery which obviously benefits us. We spend a lot of time obviously on this partnership and I think you know as we said you know we love the management team, we love their business model. We see this as an opportunity for both companies and we’re excited about you know the opportunity for us to use Grub Hub to get our brands easier access to our customers. 
Greg Creed: Yes, we haven’t done any specific research around the tax reform but I think as you said in the past with lower gas prices the people have more disposable income in their pockets. They tend to spend it, so I think anything that ends up with people having more money in their pockets is a good thing. 
Greg Creed: Well I’ll walk you through the guidance again on operating profit. The refranchising headwinds are about six to seven points, revenue recognition is hitting us for 2 to 3 points, so that together those things are 8 to 10 points of headwinds. We actually get a little bit of a benefit from lapping the Pizza Hut and KFC transformation agreements year-over-year '17 to '18. So, you can see how that 8 to 10 effectively ends up being high-single digits with what we've been very consistent on for the transformed Yum1 growth model. 
Greg Creed: Just to clarify, we outlined the headwinds from refranchising dilution in our 2017 guidance. And we've talked about that as in terms of percentage points, and that was 1 to 2 points of headwinds. So that should give you the walk. 1 to 2 in '17 versus the 6 to 7 in '18. 
Greg Creed: It is a cash issue. And obviously it's a part of the tax cut that's fairly complex. And some people have talked about a little bit. but essentially, it's designed for income that you have offshore that is not coming from tangible assets, it's coming from intangible assets. And it's an offset to the benefits we get from the territorial tax system. We're obviously digging into all of this trying to better understand and as I mentioned it will have delayed applicability to us because a lot of our international entity tax years. so, we'll have more to share on that as we go forward. 
Greg Creed: Yeah thanks Dave. So, thank you all for joining us on the call today, I appreciate it. I think in summary, I'd say that Q4 was a solid finish of the strong year. We've made great progress on our transformation. I think the keys of the underlying growth remains strong in the business. We're obviously very excited about our strategic partnership with Grubhub. And that's all to ensure that we are distinct, relevant and easy. Thanks for joining us everybody.
David Gibbs: Yeah, certainly that’s a big part of this agreement is having an integrated POS system and yes there all sorts of internal timelines and schedules to get all of this work done. And I think we’ll reveal details as we go on the journey with Grubhub but for today this is all about the announcement and the intention of having this be a really unique partnership with the Board CET investment and what we think is a great partner for us on the technology front. 
David Gibbs: Okay on the refranchising question, obviously there is a lot of different factors in how refranchising plays out in or P&L. For example, we’ve gotten ahead of ourselves in terms of selling Pizza Hut which are tend to be lower volume stores and have less dilution and therefore we’ve got a lot more G&A in Pizza Hut as a proportion of their targeted cost.  So now we have higher volume stores to sell Taco Bell and KFC to finish off the refranchising process in 2018 and I think the comment that will this flip to being -- is this still a net new neutral exercise between the G&A and refranchising absolutely. We’ve done all the math on that and they all balance out, but we’ve probably got a little bit more benefits from the organic G&A cuts up until this point. Now there was 900 stores we sold in the fourth quarter, we’ll obviously have an impact on our operating profit in 2018.  So, taking all those factors into account, yes, it's still a net neutral math exercise between the refranchising dilution and the G&A savings and as you said 2019 will start to see more benefits of it versus the headwinds that’s presenting for us in 2018. On the comp guidance, as you know we have provided the global comp guidance but we’re not going to break out it by brand but just wanted Taco Bell sales to be there. 
David Gibbs: I just want to go back and clarify one earlier comment, there was a question about coverage with Grubhub, obviously there is two ways Grubhub will be covering our restaurants. One will be through click and collect in the pickup process and we expect that we can get very good coverage on that very quickly once we turn all the systems on. And then there is a different measure for delivery coverage. We have specific measures by brand. We'll share more of that overtime, but I think the 80% is more -- that Greg quoted was more of a general number. But I think we'll give you more specifics on that as we get into the relationships with Grubhub. 
David Gibbs: Yeah, I think in the test markets, we I think have got a couple of test markets going in the moment. Indianapolis, Louisville, [indiscernible] and to an extent I think to Orlando. But I was talking to the restaurant general manager in the test and the good news is that they do believe they are seeing incremental occasions and they do believe they're seeing much higher check. So, I think what delivery promises in these very early test markets, the guys and girls are actually running this on a daily basis are seeing that benefit, we're encouraged by that and we're encouraged by expanding those tests. 
David Gibbs: And obviously our brands are benefitting Pizza Hut included are benefitting from the consumers embracing delivery, we’re seeing the Pizza Hut delivery business climb as a percentage of the Pizza Hut business. So, we’re excited about delivering for our Taco Bell and KFC brands and very confident in the model that we have with Pizza Hut with today being one that can benefit from this change in consumer's taste. 
David Gibbs: That’s not a number that we’re going to start to get into reveal other than to say it varies by deal, some deals where we have lot of development opportunities, obviously we attach a lot more commitments to it, other deals where they’re in mature market and fully penetrated you can imagine we put less in. And our experience with the development commitments is that you don’t get a 100% follow through on every single one of them. So, I don’t want to start releasing numbers and then having to revise them constantly. But it’s a sizeable amount, these isn’t just a few commitments, these are very significant commitments to building stores typically over the next three to five years. 
David Gibbs: Alright. Thank you very much everyone for joining us, and with that I'll turn it back over to Greg. 
