David Gibbs: Yeah. On a -- In terms of staffing, obviously, we're pressured in our restaurants just as everybody else is. But I think we're doing an amazing job in the field of being focused on retention. We won't have a staffing problem if we don't have any open jobs if we retain the employees that we have. And given the culture that we have in our restaurants across all of our brands, and the kind of environment that our franchisees create for their employees with pay checks and pathways to advancement, I think we're getting through this better than most. We're really proud of the results we put up across all of the brands this quarter. You guys probably saw it's on a 2-year basis. We're positive on all 4 brands. On a 1-year basis, we're positive on all 4 brands.  And then obviously, the big news is the 760 net new units that we open for the quarter, so very strong quarter. We've got pluses and minuses. John, if you're talking about in the U.S., KFC was up 13 on a 2-year basis, Pizza Hut, HMR, business -- Home Meal Replacement business was up 17, Taco Bell was a little bit softer. For them, late-night and breakfast become a little bit more of a challenge, and they skew a little bit more towards individual meals. And I think that's what you're seeing. Every brand has a different set of attributes as we go through this. Some will play better in this environment than other, but all of our brands are doing quite well, which is contributing to this great quarter.
David Gibbs: Yeah, it's a great point. Obviously, the numbers that we put up in this quarter are truly record setting, right? 760 net new units in third quarter is a record for Yum! We're at 1,800 net new units year-to-date, basically, which is closing in on the record we set for Yum! in 2019 for full-year development. And I think you're right. There's probably some friction that we're experiencing that we haven't been able to open all the units that we could because of some challenges. But this is where the big advantages of Yum! come in. Our scale, our purchasing capability, the size of our franchisees, their access to capital.  We've been anticipating some of the supply chain challenges ordering ahead of time, securing the inventory we need on equipment, for example, to get through this without having equipment delays to open restaurants. I do think there is further upside to the numbers we're putting up, and I do think if we continue these trends, we'll obviously set a record for Yum! in the fourth quarter, and we probably have a shot at setting a record for the restaurant industry all time for a number of units open in 1 year. I look forward to reporting back on that in our fourth quarter call.  As for Taco Bell, the Taco Bell sales are up 15%. System sales are up 15% on a two-year basis. We make no apologies for that. The business is doing quite well, very strong. It does have its own unique challenges since it skews a little bit more towards individual meals versus family occasions, you are seeing the brands like pizza, I think KFC, that's skewed towards family occasions performing even better.  But Taco Bell performance is strong. In Q3, we made some investments in -- on the marketing side, they weren't designed to pay off on the top line, such as re-launching breakfast. We know those will have benefits for us down the road. We're proud of what's going on at Taco Bell with system sales growth like that, unit growth like we're seeing all across Yum! and the Taco Bell. I'm excited about the future for all our brands.
David Gibbs: Yeah, thanks, David. As David mentioned, we are very excited about the momentum in development. And if you think about the drivers, the number one driver is unit economics. So that gets that both parts of your question. Around the globe -- in general, our franchisees are seeing strong EBITDA, and they are seeing that translate to improved returns whenever they build restaurants. Remember, these are our franchisees putting their capital to work, and that's where I think the strength of the brand and the larger average size of our franchisees
David Gibbs: As far as the issue of pent-up demand, I'm sure there's some units that spilled over from 2020 into 2021, but we do believe that these trends in development will continue We think we've gotten to a new level on development that's why we raised our development guidance on the last earnings call. Look, we're talking about net new units. Let's talk about growth new units for the quarter. In the quarter, we opened over a thousand gross new units. That's a store every other hour, basically, all quarter long. Pretty amazing. And when you think about just the side effect of that, how we're modernizing the estate with that kind of development, it's really encouraging.
David Gibbs: Yes, thanks a bunch, John. It's a good question. And I think this is where the strength of our operating model and our capability set around sourcing really shines. We saw some of those supply chain challenges related to equipment that are a global challenge. We saw those on the horizon earlier this year and our supply chain teams were building resiliency plans at that point and they worked with our franchisees around the globe to get ahead on purchasing for those equipment and reserving capacity with suppliers. There is certainly are going to be some local challenges here and there related to permitting.  But again this is where that capability set helped us get ahead plus our larger, more sophisticated franchisees who invest ahead. They have a sophisticated teams who are driving their development, and that's a big asset here as well. So yes, we probably left a few units on the table this year as a result of that. But in general, we don't see that as a constraint on our long-term development pattern.
David Gibbs: Yes, thanks, John. Obviously, inflation is a story not just in our industry, but across sectors. And again, I think this is a situation where Yums! operating model sets us and our franchisees up to deal with those challenges really well. And I think of three things. One, keep in mind our footprints. 60% of our sales are outside the U.S. and this inflation challenges are most acute in the U.S. We see it in a few pockets around the globe, most acute in the U.S. Second in the U.S. think about our scale, we purchased across all four brands together with RSCS, we have a professional team of highly talented strategic sourcing experts. They're working right now. I can tell you throughout this inflationary trends, they saw it coming.  They've got plans on finding ways to offset that. So we're leveraging our scale to help manage costs in those -- against those pressures. And then third to your point, we pull a number of leavers to manage margin with our franchisees. Our brands are working proactively with the franchisees. You've mentioned product design. I'm sure we're going a little bit of that. We've done some menu management. We'll think about how to optimize promotions. And of course pricing is a lever that's available, but our franchisees and our brands, they manage and they balance the short-term and the long-term.  In the short-term, they want to make sure we're providing strong value to the customer that we don't get too far ahead of the consumer. But in the long run, whenever I talk to our franchisees, they're confident that long term margins in the restaurants will be sustained And we can continue the momentum we've seen on a restaurant profit coming through the last couple of years.
David Gibbs: We appreciate the question on Habit. We're really excited about Habit 's performance. If you think about it, they started pre -pandemic 60% dine-in sales. So they had the biggest hill to climb in this environment and just put up a plus 7 on a 2-year basis. So the way they've pivoted has been truly impressive. I think it hasn't gone unnoticed, we've had lots of demand from franchise -- from potential franchisees, both in the Yum! system and outside the Yum! system to enter. We've now started closing on a few deals. We closed on two already with Yum! franchisees entering the Habit system, and we have more in the hopper.  So we're seeing strong demand and interest in becoming Habit franchisees because the unit economics are great to all the reasons why we bought them. As far as international goes, same-story there. As you know, they're already in a couple of countries. I just was on a call yesterday where we were evaluating a new potential partner to enter in another country. So we've built up a little bit of capability and the team internationally to focus on Habit International and see every indication that that can become a growth driver for Yum! down the road.
David Gibbs: Yeah. Look, Pizza Hut U.S. is obviously a bright spot for us right now and will be for the long term as all the work that we've been doing over the last few years, investing in digital and capabilities and working with our franchise partners has really starting to pay off. This quarter Pizza U.S. sales were up 17% off-premise basis, which is the heart of the business and the future of the business. But it's not immune to the same staffing challenges that everybody's facing. So I'm sure those sales were held back to some degree by the challenges of getting drivers. We actually saw our carryout business is now starting to grow faster. When we don't have the ability to get drivers were still able to pivot to carry out.  But so we know that there's a lot of demand for what we're offering at Pizza Hut and with a bright future in the U.S. The other thing I'll point out is our investment in digital at Pizza Hut has been really one of our leading investments in the world of digital. That's one of the advantages at Yum! has are knowledge of digital through the Pizza Hut business. You guys all picked up on the fact that we had over $5 billion of digital sales yet again, this quarter. But interesting context on that across Yum is our dine-in business started to climb this quarter. So from Q2 to Q3, we did see a return to dine-in, yet we saw digital sales go up and we saw digital mix go up, which is proving that not only is it sticky that it's still something that's going to continue to grow for us, which is a great sign for all of our brands as we move forward. With that, I want to thank everybody for the time on the call.  We're obviously excited about what's going on with digital and what's going on with net new unit development, widespread same-store sales growth on a 1 and 2-year basis across all of our brands. A lot of momentum in the business right now, a lot of enthusiasm from our franchise partners with record profits at the unit level. And very excited about the path forward for Yum! and our four brands. Thank you.
