Tim Jerzyk: Thank you, Ashley. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. This call is being recorded and will be available for playback. We are broadcasting the conference call via our website, www.yum.com. Please be advised that if you ask a question, it will be included in both our live conference and in any future use of the recording. I would also like to remind you that this conference call includes forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to future events and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from these statements. All forward-looking statements should be considered in conjunction with the cautionary statement in our earnings released last night and the risk factors included in our filings with the SEC. In addition, please refer to the Investors section of the Yum! Brands’ website to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used on today's call. Also we would like you to please be aware of a couple of Yum! investor events; Thursday, December 06, we will host our Annual Investor Update Meeting in New York City and then Monday, February 04, 2013, our fourth quarter earnings will be released. : Now I’ll turn the call over to David Novak.
Tim Jerzyk: Hey John, this is Tim Jerzyk. It’s hard for us to understand exactly what you were expecting; we kind of give you our best thoughts on that even on the last call. I am not sure what you are expecting for Little Sheep. I know there were some discussions we have had with other analysts about the expectations from royalties from Little Sheep and it was a shorter than what had people expected. So that might be or where we were below what you expected. Our new store productivity has consistently been very much stable over the last five years, six years; it’s about 30% less than our average unit volumes of our business net holding steady for both Pizza Hut and KFC. 
Tim Jerzyk: Yeah Mitch this is Tim. Yeah, by brand it was six for KFC and eight for Pizza Hut in Q3, sorry we didn’t put that in there; that was my call, because it was virtually identical I figured out it wasn’t necessary, but clearly it is, so I’ll be sure to put that in there from now on. Cannibalization, a year in China for the investor conference, I think you’ve got a sense for what we are doing and it think that they basically reiterated what so, where are we getting these additional new units that David was talking about with the 750 versus 600 target coming and 656 last year. It’s really a lot of what [Lily Shay] our former CFO said last December and it was that government is building on infrastructure and they are building out this mega city clusters and we are getting more locations in the lower tier cities; there is more transport hubs which they identified had, identified in the presentation and then also Pizza Hut Casual Dining as we have been saying that’s a new opportunity for us in going beyond Tier I and Tier II and which is what it had been pretty much up until like 18 months ago.  We have actually opened up a 170, over 170 over the last four quarters of the Pizza Hut Casual Dining compared to 115 last year and by opening Tier III, IV and V to Pizza Hut Casual Dining that’s basically almost a billion people that now we can add distribution to for that brand versus where it wasn’t before. In terms of the cannibalization, what we had said before was about one and five new stores of KFC had cannibalized in the past up to may be as much as 20% but I haven’t seen anything lately on that, Mitch. I believe that my guess would be the numbers are a lot, is lower. Just because we're building so many more in new cities and we're building so many more Pizza Huts where the cannibalization factor is probably a lot less. So it was a factor maybe, three, four, five years ago but it's not really that much of a factor today and what it looks like.
Tim Jerzyk: You know, I think for one thing, we can give more color but just to give you a little bit of a background on that, I think Pizza Hut had 11 straight quarters of double-digit same-store sales growth coming into this quarter and it's lap was even more significant than KFC in Q3, it was lapping like 30% growth over the past three years. So, yeah it just slowed down, but I mean those are still big numbers and I think importantly for us, which is what we’ve been saying, it moves that brand into a very growth oriented position or now we can really grow this with great economics at least equal to KFC and the average unit volumes are comparable to KFC. So it's plus eight but it's lapping some big, big numbers over the last three years. Thanks Mitch. Next question please Ashley.
Tim Jerzyk: Joe, I’m happy to respond here. In order starting with in the timing of openings, I don’t know that the distribution of our new store openings this year is any different or materially different from last year. But with respect to the transaction decline I don’t know what it is for core dayparts when you strip out the new sales layers. I really can’t respond to that question. And then finally with respect to next year’s pricing versus inflation, as I said in my remarks or in a response to another question that we could take pricing next year there are no, there are no definite plans at this stage to do that. You are right that given what we’re seeing by way of commodity deflation in China in the fourth quarter those trends will likely persist into at least the first half of next year. So we’ll provide more context to you at the December conference in terms of our views on same-store sales and how much pricing and when we might take it. But the fact is that the new pricing strategy that we implemented over the course of Q2 and into Q3 is one the China team is very happy with that increase the level of sophistication and we are able to go and segment their market and determine variable pricing and that will likely continue into next year.
David Novak: David I don’t know I’ll drill the answer to that. First of all, we’re not economist or we’re not, we can’t we have not really seen or read any news or have any real news that you really don’t have or you can’t read about already and what we do see is clearly that there is an economic slowdown in China which again is not any news than we talked about this the last time. I think the biggest thing that I would want to just point is we’ve been able to deliver consistent results and we’ve been able to do that year-after-year. And I think it’s because our business model is really strong and obviously China even with its challenges is still growing at a reasonable pace. It’s up, GDP was up 7% in the second quarter; it’s expected to be up 8% in 2013 according to the Financial Times and retail growth is supposed to be double the GDP. I think for us, the biggest tailwind we have is just the consuming class continues to grow expected to double in the next 10 years. And you guys read the same stuff we read and look same facts are reported. Personal incomes, the middle class incomes are rising, which is also a big plus. And as you saw, our infrastructure, the infrastructure growth is really continuing to grow at a higher rate. So we’ve got all these new cities and clusters and trade zones coming into play that we’re able to now penetrate. And so I think the big news for us is old news frankly is that we’re really in position to capitalize on what’s going on in China more which is still the fastest growing economy more than any other retail in the world, we have got leading brands, a business model with three year cash-on-cash, the returns, competitive brand positions that are better than they have ever been. We have got unmatched development capability, you have seen our management team in action; they have been together for a long time, gets better and better, and a lot of young talent coming in. We own our supply chain and we are just attracting top talent, I mean the fact that I pointed out in my remarks, we have 10,000 management trainees this year and 2,000 ready to go assistant managers. So, I think, I look at this business long-term, I have to say you know we’re going to have our ups and downs right now, we’re kind of based in a slower economy, but I am always going to be glad, I wake everyday and know that we have a position we have in China and I think as we look to the long terms, we are very confident in what we have ahead of us.
David Novak: I am happy to respond to that Michael and I’ll start with the second piece on development. As I mentioned, we have extraordinary development capability in China. We review the performance of our new units routinely paying attention to every possible operating metric you can imagine and there is extreme diligence around how we manage our new restaurant portfolio including shifting as I mentioned development from the Tier 1 cities of where returns have softened into the lower Tier cities where we have higher margins and our returns are outstanding. So we do capitalize on what we learned from recent new store openings to inform how we manage our pipeline going forward. So there is extreme diligence and vigor around that entire process; regular review by again a team that is very, very experienced and unmatched in capability in China. As for the second question on positive same-stores sales for next year, we do have four points of pricing as we enter next year and depending on how we construct our plan for next year, we may find opportunity to take additional pricing. But at the same time, we are confident in our track record of new product innovation and how we have been able to grow our business overtime we have added sales layers to our business. We're not fully penetrated in all of those sales layers. So as we move those two, 100% penetration and we continue to introduce new product innovation. We're confident that we'll be able to generate eventually the same-store transaction growth along with the check growth that comes from pricing to achieve the same-store sales growth on New Year. Now as we said before, there can be volatility from quarter-to-quarter. So I am talking about a full-year basis when I say that we're optimistic that we will deliver the same-store sales growth in 2013. 
David Novak: Well Jason, we will be providing that guidance at our December Analyst Conference as we had in years past.
David Novak: Well Brian, on the first piece, we are not going to give out the exact date, but we expect to have extensions of Doritos, Locos Tacos in next year and part of the reason we pushed that into 2013 was because we were so successful, it basically used all of our available supply of Taco shelves, but maybe you said coupon right before the positive come out since you are big fan of the product volume as well. Regarding Pizza Hut, we’ve had pretty good success through the course of the last year on the boxes, so our box promotions have been very successful and we use those heavily in Q3 and we will probably continue to go on those going forward.
David Novak: Yeah, we haven't gone into some of the detailed pieces; I would say we didn’t see a huge - the stuff I have seen, I haven't seen huge changes in overall category in the quarter.
David Novak: I think one of the things that we are very pleased about in terms of our competitive positions with KFC, with Taco Bell and Pizza Hut in U.S. is that we are very competitive on everyday pricing basis. Taco Bell is renowned industry leader for price value and Pizza Hut with its $10 large pizza pricing structure that we continually reinforce is competitive on an everyday basis. So when you have that everyday pricing in place, when you come in on top of that with the innovation, you are able to do the menu management that Rick is really talking about. And that's a formula that we are going for all around the world, I mean it’s we believe that low everyday pricing, entry pricing and then you innovate the heck out of the business and I think we do a pretty good job of that.
David Novak: Regarding the Cantina Bell products, we don’t have a lot of breakdown mathematically on new customer’s etcetera; it’s difficult to get QSR space. We do have anecdotally as a few things, first of all we are seeing more people at lunch time and that the people who buy Cantina products have higher ticket, which is obviously expected given the price point of the product. So we are seeing sort of that benefits on that products and you know we think that if that’s casual guys, so it taught us a lesson which is that people want in a very high quality even food that are going spend more money if they get speed and convenience and obviously with the distribution that we have in restaurants around the country we are able to do that. And one of the other things that’s great about that product is that our team loves it. First of all, Lorena Garcia the chef who created a very, a professional personality and she has been very visible to the product launches to our chains through videos and personal appearances and the teams just loves serving the product and getting new customers. And the other anecdotal thing I would say is that our products are skewed a little bit more towards lunch and female customers; again that’s anecdotal math behind that, but that’s what we are hearing from our folks.
David Novak: Regarding your question on mix at Taco Bell traditionally a lot of our product at a particular point time does come from new products that we introduced. The overall Taco mix has gone up considerably so we know that Doritos Locos Tacos piece has been was largely incremental when we launched it. And that’s our total Taco mix is in the mid-teens to low 20s. So we took that up with the launch of the Doritos Locos Tacos. And that part is right now is having about a 7% mix or so. Cantina Bell is about a little under 5% mix right now. And obviously we want to grow that overtime.
David Novak: The thing that we just came back from the franchise convention in Colorado, where we were celebrating the [58th] anniversary. I think the people are very excited, the franchises are excited about just the quality, ingredient to upgrade and the fact that we are seeing more up scale consumers and we are seeing more females as Rick pointed out. So this is something I think will build over time. I think one fact what is over 200 million Doritos Locos Tacos have been sold. So this is like, this is prior the most talked about product in our industry right now. I mean and people can't wait for the Doritos. And we really feel like Cantina Bell is just puts us into a whole rein of target and relevant and price value. I mean this product is third of the price for what you get at some of these places. Its two-thirds of the price and consumers recognize us. So we think that overtime.
David Novak: Well as you say Brian, it is a significant issue. It is relevant to our business. We will provide guidance at the December Investor Conference but just to provide a little bit of perspective over the years we have seen commodity peaks like this and we have dealt with them. We dealt with them through a combination of pricing and productivity measures and we don’t expect that 2013 is going to be any different in that regard.
David Novak: Yeah John, I’ll respond to the first piece with respect to new store volumes, to your very point, you know, we’ve seen very high volumes in the lower tier cities. So any shift in the mix of development across the tiers is not going to have an impact to new store productivity. And the same would hold for brand mix shift; well, yes, we will be picking up the pace of pizza delivery or pizza home service development overtime; it’s not going to be to an extent, but it’s going to have a material impact to new store productivity. And then as it relates to new unit openings, again, we’ll provide guidance on next year at our December Analyst Conference. Certainly, given the pace of development this year and how we have grown our capability in China to support a new store program of this magnitude, it gives a lot of confidence that we have reached a new level, but we’re not providing guidance on next year’s development at this stage.
David Novak: Yeah. And we haven't seen any issues of getting access to credit for our international business, a lot of our international franchisees are pretty big players and they have been in the business for a while. So a lot of their growth they are able to fund through existing cash flows as well, so we don't see that as (inaudible) in anyway to our growth going forward.
David Novak: Let me then make sure I have the first part of this right and I will clarify my comments on refranchise. In the US we are basically done with our hitting our targets for KFC and Pizza Hut which we say we wanted to get down to about 5% ownership level in both of those brands and we are close to those, we will be close to those numbers actually now. On the Taco Bell side, our goal was to take the Taco Bell ownership level down from sort of the low 20’s to about 60% by the end of next year. We are continuing along that path. So we have been doing modest refranchising for Taco Bell over the last year and a half we will continue that over the next year and half. So that’s what we are doing on the US side. Regarding the question on France and why would we pursue the business rental model versus franchising; the first piece of that we really did is that was delayed to get growth. When we were looking at France, the unit, the great news about France is that we have highest average volumes in the world. The bad news about France is its very expensive. So not that many franchisees, who, when you had the brand that was new in the market, you know, had several million dollars that they were able to put down on a new unit and what we found as we started the business rental model is we’ve been very pleased with the quality of the franchisees. It is we maybe didn’t have as best to as much capital what was required there. So we found that we were happy with the way the restaurants were being operated. We believe we could have a big business there from an opportunity standpoint that we talked about before and you know we believe that we’re having the right level of case of growth there. So we feel pretty good about how things are developing in France and we do have a few franchisees over there at the beginning and they are doing some growth at new units, but we expect a fair amount of our development to stay in the business rental model.
David Novak: And maybe things for us, you know, on this John is how little of a business we have there already; I mean yes, we have now economics that we think are scalable. So I think that what we try to do is we try to learn from each other and we also try to learn from competition. And I think McDonalds has shown us that the business rental models are where you can expand with good returns over the long-term in continental Europe and I think we’ve gone to school on that model and we think it can work for us. And the good news for us is that we’re just, we’re really ground floor; we’re ground floor on this. And we have a capital monitoring system that we put into place and I’m sure we’re going to monitor the unit economics. It’s something says that we shouldn’t be going that way we can always pullback. But right now we’re really talking about our business, it’s pretty insignificant that we think can become very significant and I think that’s the real point for our shareholders. I think it’s upon us to really do whatever we can as Rick said to really grow the business and we think that the business rental model unlocks that growth for us and held a lot faster than if we were just working with the pure franchise business. Given where we’re at, at such an embryonic stage and as to your point earlier is that if things change down the road, we can always look at the mix of our ownership. That’s something we’ve done throughout our history and I think pretty well.
David Novak: Okay. Thank you all for being on the call. So let me rap up the Yum! Story overall, we are having another solid year and we are raising our full year EPS guidance to at least 13%, 11 straight years of least 13% EPS growth it’s something that we really proud of, with record international unit development, we are confident on our future growth as well. So as we look at 2013 we are confident of our international businesses that are set up for continued growth and our US businesses on more solid putting to drive more consistent results going forward.  We have track record to prove how powerful our growth model is, with the expected opening of 1,750 international units this year and our strategies in the based business, we definitely feel we are in good position for next year and expect to continue our track record of double-digit earnings growth in 2013 and beyond. We got our December analyst meeting coming up Investor Conference and we can’t wait to sit down and talk to you about how we are in the ground floor of global growth China and a whole lot more. So, talk to you soon thanks.
Rick Carucci: And David, what I would add to that is that we’ve clearly acknowledged the same-store sales have slowed down in part because we are lapping extraordinary performance from last year, but also because the economy is swelling. But I also pointed out that given the accelerated pace of new unit development this year, tracking at 18% as we enter next year we are going to be less reliant on same-store sales growth to achieve our 15% profit growth for the China division. So when you add that all up, when you consider the pace of development, when you consider the pricing that we have rolling into next year and the ongoing strength of our new product pipeline, not to mention, the strong people capability as David mentioned, we continue to be very optimistic that we will achieve that 15% profit growth for China next year.
Rick Carucci: I think one other really good example on just how we approach development, a couple of years ago, Pizza Casual Dining, our unit economics had slowed down and so we did not expand further. We didn’t move into Tier III, Tier IV, Tier V cities at all. What we did as we went back and the team revamped our business so that we added much more menu variety and we also took our value equation where we went with a eat like a rich man, eat like a poor man approach where we had a great every day value entry pricing, half priced menu, entrees on a daily basis and the transactions and profits just went through the roof.  And then we started expanding into three, four and five cities. So, I think that’s a great example that where we really follow our mantra which is don’t get you cash out in front of your people capability and or your business model and we constantly are tracking our performance quarterly with what we call our new unit tracking system as Pat talked about, but that’s a great example of how we look at things. I tell the guys all the time and I’ve said this before, we got a great diamonds, great brands, keep caution don’t grow any faster than we grow.  And what’s happening though is that we’re able to grow fast because the opportunities are out there and increasing and we’re able to deal with great returns for our shareholders. So we’re confident that we’re growing the business the right way and I can assure you that the team has been told and from day one we’ve never been chasing a number. The number just keeps getting bigger and bigger than what any of us ever expected. We went into this year with a projection of 600, okay, this was after we did 650 last year. Why was it 600? Don’t grow faster than what we need to, we don’t give, we’re not trying to be heroes, we’re trying to build a heroic business.
Rick Carucci: The supply chain initiative is a good example, but David has talked about quite a bit on some of the previous calls. We’re doing a much better job of sharing, learning between divisions either between the U.S. and international or even within U.S. division. So this is actually initiative that was spearheaded by Pizza Hut that we’ve now taken to the other U.S. businesses and now to other markets around the world. So we have a bottleneck consultant and just looked at how we could be more efficient in some of the supply chain opportunities that we had. And we’re seeing some benefits of that this year and I expect to see some benefits for that next year as well.
Rick Carucci: Yeah, well obviously as you look at what we want to do in all of our brands in the U.S. and around the world, we’re always looking at but what we call menu mix management and you know what you would take for pricing and how do you offer value to the consumers and what prices are your new initiatives. And we have benefited this year to the point that you are making as with Doritos Locos Tacos we think in some cases people are probably trading out of regular Tacos for those and those are priced at a higher level. And as we look at 2013, at least in one of our divisions that I have seen some detail, we probably will have more of our initiatives to say the higher priced items which should help us on menu mix. So we why make sure we could stay focused on core value in some of that main parts of our menu.
Rick Carucci: Just a little bit more perspective on China. I think when you think about the economic slowdown in China, think about our business in the context of that because keep in mind; we're overlapping 19% same-store sales growth with transaction growth of 27% during the third quarter of last year. So that’s two years same-store sales growth of 26% and two years transaction growth of 26%. That’s pretty amazing and then think about we’ve added over 750 restaurants. So, I think immediately the economy is slowing down but when you look at our business performance in this environment, I think you would have to say it's the transient in any kind of economic headwind or whatever (inaudible) you would like to use.
Rick Carucci: Nothing material but as you have heard say before in these emerging markets we are continuing to see expansion of the consuming class overall that will more than make up for any impact that might be for the purchasing power as the consequence of the shifting commodity prices. 
Rick Carucci: I don’t think competition has changed much. So I don’t see that any of the changes is really due to that when you are looking on a total YRI basis, just do want to remind a couple of things that we did talk about is that Ramadan had about 1 point swing for the overall business. So on the emerging market business we said was plus 5% for the quarter, we think it had a 2 point impact; it wasn’t clear from my comments with Ramadan moved forward in 2012, so we expect the bounce back in those markets in the fourth quarter and so far we’ve actually seen that so and we gave Middle East as an example where we had big impact negatively in the third quarter. That will have an impact positively in the fourth quarter.
Rick Carucci: John, we have our annual operating plan for China in the next couple of weeks and we’ll go into more detail on this. But the message the team is going to be that and just keep building a quality business and the number will be what it is. But obviously, look we’re not building this business to open up 750 restaurants a year. We want to get to over a 1,000 capability. So that’s our – and we want to just keep getting bigger and bigger and better and better, but doing it the right way. So we’ll give you more color at the upcoming meeting.
Rick Carucci: I’ll have an answer to that; you know if you’ve followed our company since the very beginning, we’ve never really given a number and never really told people that we’re going to try to get to that. But the whole thing has been build people capability so that we can grow, build the brands. Our brands, what gives you the ability to grow fast is when you’ve got great brands with a great economic model which we do and I think the good news for us is that we still have less than three year cash on cash, cash payback. So we got a great, great business model. And I think that the thing that gives us a lot of confidence is when you can match that business model with the people capability, you can do very amazing things like the team has done this year and I think that, we went into this year with a target I think of 600 and in the previous year, we had opened 656 okay and the number is going to be over 750. I kind of liked that approach to business; I would rather have a number that’s going to force us to go through all the disciplines to make sure that we are doing the right things and then I would like to surprise you, okay, with performance that's the right kind of performance and that's kind of our approach. So everybody has their own models and everybody builds their own kind of forecast and this stuff and we kind of layout what we layout, and you guys can do your own math, but we are trying to run the business on the basis of given our shareholders great returns and at the same time making sure we’re building our brands the right way.
Rick Carucci: We’ll always look at what we think the right mix is between company; we will probably have all three there. We have some company ownership; there we have the business rental model and we have straight franchising. We probably continue to have the blend, continue to look at that overtime, but right now we're pretty happy with the current mix that we have.
Rick Carucci: Yeah. As Pat said, we are in active negotiations where we believe it will close this year but we are going to have the right deal. So if slips into next year, we are okay with that too.
Pat Grismer: Absolutely, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are expecting modest year-over-year improvement in China margins in the fourth quarter comparable to what we saw in the third quarter but how we will get there will be a bit different. We’re expecting for example, a positive impact from inflation because we expect there will be in fact deflation on our commodities in China in the fourth quarter. And we’re expecting a lower a benefit from pricing as we rollover some pricing actions we took last year. We’re expecting the impact from new store development to be about the same. So when you add all of those factors together, we’re looking at that point of improvement on margins year-over-year excluding the impact of Little Sheep.
Pat Grismer: Well, just to recap a little bit. In Q3, what we have with 6% same-store sales growth, we had about a 7% pricing advantage. So as David mentioned, transactions were down about a point. And what we are expecting for Q4 as same-store sales growth of low-single digits to flat and we have about five points of pricing benefits, so that would give you low-single digit same-store transaction declined in the fourth quarter.
Pat Grismer: Well, I’ll certainly comment on 2012 again any guidance on 2013 will defer to our December Analyst Conference. As far as 2012 is concerned, we have seen significant benefit from what we call our restaurant margin initiatives focused on supply chain efficiencies. And you see that rolling through the U.S., so to recap what our quarterly commodity inflation trend has been in the U.S. Q1 at 4%, Q2 at 1% deflation, Q3 2% deflation, we’re expecting for Q4, 1% deflation so you can see a nice trend there which to your point reflects not only what we’re seeing is a general softening and commodities prices, but the added benefit of the supply chain efficiencies we’re gaining through these initiatives. And that just takes us to flat on commodity inflation for the year, so its market price movement along with advantage we’re gaining through our supply chain initiatives.
Pat Grismer: On the China comps Greg, it’s really difficult to segment the change quarter-over-quarter into how much is driven by the economy versus the comps and the comp is pretty clear. But we have acknowledged that there has been a slowing trend in the China economy and that’s impacting the retail space broadly and we are feeling some effect of that.
Pat Grismer: All right. Jeff I’ll address the question on cash payouts. We’re very happy with the mix of cash return that we’re providing our shareholders today. We’re delighted to taken up our dividend by 18% and to be on track to complete another year of significant share repurchases. In our view, this is a good mix. We do look on at our capital structure and determine whether or not a different approach is going to be better for shareholders. At this stage even given low borrowing rates, we don’t think that it makes sense to lever up, to position ourselves to pay either higher dividend or to repurchase more shares. We believe that the strength of our operating cash and the growth in our cash flow year-over-year positions us well to continue to grow our dividend and to continue to accomplish significant with the share repurchases and there are no plans today to shift that strategy. But it is something that we do look at from time-to-time. 
Pat Grismer: Joe, on the transaction piece, just one point on that when I looked at the daypart mixes they didn't change. So while we don't have what the core was, it doesn't look like it was something in particular related to any particular daypart or core, that’s the best I can tell from what I have seen. 
Pat Grismer: Yes, we are in very active discussions with a buyer for the business and we remain optimistic that deal will close by the end of the year. And as we said before we expect that will or when we complete that refranchising that YRI will see two points of margin improvement. Now, you know how these deals go and it’s possible that the deal could slip into early part in next year but we are optimistic that we will see close by the end of the year.
