David Gibbs: Thanks, John. Yes, obviously, we’re excited about net new development. And as you know, we do have a lot of visibility into the pipeline of our development because it takes about 12 months to plant the seed of development before you get the opening. So, we’re working with our franchise partners around the world to get that visibility, understand what’s coming down the pike, and that’s what gives us the increasing confidence, but really that all starts with the unit economics.  When our unit economics are good, it’s an attractive proposition for our franchisees to build. You saw Yum! China last night talk about that. We’re seeing that in the vast majority of the world right now, which is what gives us the confidence to make that commitment to 4% to 5% net new unit growth. And just to clarify, that would apply to 2021, as well as 2022 and beyond. As far as domestically, we do think we’ve talked about this past on calls. We do think that there’s upside for KFC and Pizza Hut, particularly in the U.S. Taco Bell is starting to accelerate the development. So that went all – that trend is moving, but KFC and Pizza Hut haven’t historically been growing in the U.S., and we think there’s every reason in the world they should be net growers and they’re shifting into that in 2021 and we think that will continue.
David Gibbs: Thanks, John. And just to clarify, obviously when we report quarterly results that has the trailing 12 months in it, which we had some closures last year. So, when we’re talking about our 4% to 5% net new unit growth algorithm now, we’re talking on an annual basis starting in 2021. So that’s what we’re expecting for 2021, 2022, and beyond. As far as the second question on catch-up units, certainly, there were some units that were put on hold in 2020 that have opened in 2021, no doubt. And that’s helping us get to the number for 2021, because we had to restart the development engine. But by issuing the guidance on – as part of our long-term algorithm, we’re obviously clearly trying to signal that we think that will continue into 2022 with organic growth, again, based on the factors I mentioned earlier: strong unit economics, healthy franchisees. We’ve got strong brands all around the world, in general.
David Gibbs: Yes. Great question. The KFC International business obviously showed quarter-over-quarter improvement in the 2-year trends which we are excited about and we think reflects the strength of the brand across its markets. You do see differences depending on the COVID situation in the state of each of those markets in that business. More developed markets where we’re seeing recovery advance are running further ahead where you’ve got more customer mobility and fewer restrictions on operating hours, those sorts of things for our restaurants, and where the footprint is more off-premise-ready. And so, if you look at markets like the U.K., for example, running incredibly strong, north of 40% growth in the quarter. The emerging markets have a bit of a longer tail on recovery. And so that’s what you’re seeing, but in general, great trend and improvement over the entire KFC International business.
David Gibbs: Yes. Thanks, David. I’m glad you asked about digital. Obviously, it’s something we’re really excited about as we are now on track for trailing 12-month $20 billion of digital sales. We’ve been making investments and developed a long-term strategy for how to win in digital for many years now. So this is starting to pay off, not something that happened overnight. You’ve seen us make investments in things like Quick Order, Quantum, Tictuk, Dragontrail now more recently, and then investments in people. So, this is something where we’ve been building up the capability in all aspects. We developed a road map to win in digital and now we’re implementing that, and it’s actually been accelerated by COVID. But it’s all the things that we were expecting to happen to the business are happening. It’s really hard to single out which part of the business is going to benefit most from digital, because all of our brands are very rapidly becoming digital brands. You’re seeing that in the numbers. Obviously, the brands like Pizza Hut that tend to – that started with a bigger digital base of customers, launched loyalty first. They’re getting a benefit because it’s central to what they do. But really on a growth basis, it’s the brands like our other brands that started up from a smaller base that are really getting a big benefit, and it is both the U.S. and an international play. It’s widespread and we do think it can fuel the business for a long time to come, part of the reason why we confidently reinstated our long-term growth algorithm.
David Gibbs: Yes. This is clearly a topic that is top of mind right now. We are seeing inflationary pressures primarily in the U.S., much more mark there than in our global footprint outside the U.S. represent 60% of our business. In the U.S., it is a topic that we and our franchisees are collaborating closely on. We are well-positioned to deal with this. First, when we had commodity inflation, as we mentioned in the remarks, we have greater purchasing scale than most players in the industry. RSCS, which leverages purchasing across the brands, gives our franchisees advantaged cost and negotiating capability from a sourcing standpoint. We are also seeing some wage inflation, as you mentioned. But when we think about dealing with both of those, the next lever that our franchisees and our brands pull is pricing. And so, we are confident that our brands have strong pricing power and our franchisees, who are the ones who actually make those decisions in their restaurants, are being very thoughtful about how to do that. They use analytics, they tend to layer these in over time, so that they don’t get too far ahead of the consumer. And our brands, obviously, are very smart about how they create mix in the menu. I would say, we’ve been very thoughtful and have increased pricing moderately across the brands in the U.S. to deal with this. But we’re confident in the ability to continue to pull those levers to deal with this tactfully.
David Gibbs: Yes. Look, digital is one of those things that had no downside. Obviously, the customers are – you have a better experience when it’s a digital experience. The average check is higher. There’s labor savings from processing orders on digital. So, the link to development is probably pretty – is pretty clear, right? It’s going to give you better unit economics when you have higher check and less labor associated with the check and stickier customers by the way.  So, we do think digital as part of our upside for development as we go forward and you’re also seeing our brands develop new assets that take advantage of that, Taco Bell is best example of that, is the Taco Bell Go Mobile asset, which is, as you mentioned a smaller footprint, more on digital and should give our franchisees better unit economics. Obviously, this all starts and ends with franchisee unit economics, and to the extent that digital improves that, it’s going to drive development.
David Gibbs: Yes. Thanks, David. The Pizza Hut strategy, as we’ve talked about over the last few years, has been to revitalize the brand and driving asset transformation. But it’s focused on a modern off-premise business. And through COVID, both Pizza Hut U.S. and Pizza Hut International has continued to drive progress on that front. If we take Pizza Hut U.S. specifically, if you saw last year that we drove a number of closures in the system that did move our mix of [Delco assets] by a few percentage points. So, we’re continuing to make progress on that transformation. There is still further to go. So, we’re going to continue to drive that. But in terms of net unit count, you’ve seen a change in that trajectory. We were actually slightly positive this quarter in Pizza Hut U.S., which we think reflects the improved unit economics in the U.S. that stem from the strength of the brand. And then across both Pizza Hut U.S. and across Pizza Hut International, you’re continuing to see strong growth in off-premise, roughly 20% [indiscernible] I think we were 18% in Pizza Hut U.S. on a 2-year basis and 21% in Pizza Hut International. So, we think the strategy is working. We think the brand is strengthening. Still more work to go on continuing to transition the asset base, but we’ve seen a change in trajectory on unit counts.  I think with that, we’ll wrap up. I just want to thank everybody for the time on the call. And obviously, you sense that results are strong. But underlying those results, what’s really encouraging for us is that all four brands are performing well. You saw that on a global 2-year basis they were all positive. They were all positive on a global basis in the U.S. Those all four brands had improved trends from Q1, which really bodes well for the future. And a lot of it is being fueled by digital obviously with $5 billion of digital sales in the quarter and on-track for over $20 billion on an annual basis. But it’s not just the top line story, it’s also on the net new units side with 603 net units in the quarter, a record no matter how you slice it. And all of that obviously adds up to great confidence in the business and the way forward and which is why we reinstated our guidance and raised our net new unit target. We know we have a lot of work and a lot of exciting work ahead of us to continue to grow and accelerate the brands. The team is fired up for it and it’s a great quarter, but there’s a lot more to come. Thanks for your time, everybody.
