Patrick Grismer: With respect to to the impact of avian flu, when we look back at how this has impacted our business in the past, what we have seen is a sharp impact initially that then diminishes over a period of about three months. So we’re expecting about the same recovery period this year. And so just to reinforce then, in terms of our overall sales recovery, what we are currently estimating is a 6-9 month recovery period, with same-store sales in China turning positive in the fourth quarter. And then with respect to your question on margin, there were obviously a number of moving pieces here. The most significant variable in that equation is transactions. And so the transactions did hit us significantly in the first quarter, and as that reverses, it will certainly work to our advantage over the course of the rest of the year. With respect to the composition of our restaurant costs and the variable components, there is a fair amount of variability in rent expense where many of our units have a variable rent component, as well as the fact that a portion of our labor expense is variable. And also, keep in mind that advertising, which runs about 4% of sales, is also nearly entirely variable. And so that gives us some ability to mitigate the impact of the transaction deleverage. 
Patrick Grismer: And John, to build on David’s comments on the cost of sales and the implications for our margin, in the first quarter, we were fortunate enough to experience food cost deflation of 5%, and we had a 3-point benefit of pricing from actions taken last year. So a rollover pricing benefit, if you will, of 3 points.  Those two elements combined helped to blunt the impact the transaction deleverage on our overall margins, and help to keep our cost of sales percentage in a good spot, despite the fact that as you say, we were offering more value during the quarter to help support more transaction growth. 
Patrick Grismer: With respect to China labor inflation in total, at the restaurant level, we experienced about 14% inflation, more or less in line with our expectations. The wage rate component of that was up 8%. So the difference reflects growth in the cost of employee benefits and growth in the cost of management labor.
Patrick Grismer: At this stage, we have no reason to move off of the full year guidance we’ve provided at our December analyst conference, which for food costs is low single digits, and for labor, mid teens inflation. So we would stick to that as a full year expectation. As it relates to what our reported margin is, I’m not going to speak to what that number is going to be or what it might look like in any given quarter.  There are so many different moving pieces here, as I’m sure you can appreciate. The biggest lever for us is transactions. And so we’ve taken a big hit on transactions. We expect those transactions will come back. So the deleverage impact that we’ve experienced thus far will reverse as those sales come back, and that’s going to be the biggest driver of our margin performance balance of year.  We do have some rollover pricing benefit, which benefited us in the first quarter. That will continue to have some impact, albeit a bit less, in the second and third quarter, but at this stage, I don’t feel that it’s appropriate to provide a full year number on margin or certainly not to talk about what’s going to happen in Q2 versus Q3. 
Patrick Grismer: And the other important point to reiterate, David mentioned this in his remarks earlier, is the impact of the new unit development in China. So last year we opened about 900. This year we’re saying at least 700, so that’s 1,600 between the two years combined. Collectively, that will deliver about $2 billion of system sales, which represents about a 25% increase on the base.  So think about it. As we recover from the effects of this late December incident and the more recent avian flu publicity, we have all these new assets on the ground generating sales and profits that will contribute significantly to our growth in 2014.
Patrick Grismer: I’ll respond to that piece first. The franchise ownership transfer, with the transfer fees and the renewal, wasn’t related to the Pizza Hut U.K. business. It related to a different market for us, where there was a transfer in ownership from one franchisee to another. That happened in YRI’s first quarter.
Patrick Grismer: We continue to take a look at this, and we’re quite happy with where things are at right now. We’re generating enough cash to pay the meaningful dividend and return remaining cash to share repurchases at a level that will accomplish what we expect as it relates to contribution to earnings per share growth. We’re not interested in leveraging up at this stage and putting at risk our investment grade credit rating. We believe we’re in the sweet spot as it relates to how we balance these things out and the implications for our overall cost of capital. So no plans to do what you’ve suggested.
Patrick Grismer: No. Certainly Taco Bell was not playing into how we’ve characterized EPS results in Q2. What we’ve said is that it will be a significant double digit decline. By far our low point of the year. But because we delivered so much better results in the first quarter, that puts us in a position to cover the unexpected severe impact of avian flu on second quarter results and thus hold to our full year estimate of mid single digit down.  And just given that the wildcard here is China sales recovery, which is very difficult to call, I don’t think it makes sense to give a more precise estimate of what that second quarter will be. But we want everyone to know that it will be a significant double digit decline. 
Patrick Grismer: The other thing that’s going to help is if you look at the quarters balance of year, the last are the less challenging, if you will, and certainly that’s going to contribute to our ability to deliver improving results balance of year on the underlying business.
Patrick Grismer: What we saw in Q1 we expect to be about what we’ll see for the full year. The impact of refranchising was about half of the margin improvement we saw in the U.S. in the first quarter.
Patrick Grismer: There will be some variability from quarter to quarter, but on a full year basis we expect to see about 17% margin for the U.S.
David Novak: Well, I think, first of all, on the development, we think that staying the course on the number that we provided at the analyst conference back in December was that we said we’d open at least 700 units. We still think that’s the right number. I think the reason why we believe it’s the right number and we’re staying on it is that we’re still out developing competition by a wide margin, as I said, we still have that first mover advantage that we’re opening up in 100 new cities this year. So we don’t really see any urgency to expand more rapidly in this current environment. I think the China team has always been given the charge that this is a business that’s a jewel. Polish that jewel, keep making it as strong as you can. And we’ve never ever forced or challenged the team to grow at a faster rate than it ought to, and I think as we look at the year, and where we’re at, we just think that we’re going to make the prudent and the right decisions as we go forward. And that number will be at least 700 restaurants, so that’s kind of how we’re looking at that. In terms of investment in the value proposition, we have great cost structure. We’ve always done what’s right for the customer. We have a number of value initiatives planned, even with this current challenging environment.  And what I expect, given everything that’s going on, the launch of Operation Thunder, with the quality assurance campaign that we’ve launched, we’ve got some significant innovation coming, value promotions going, we expect to go into 2014 with KFC being stronger than ever. And that’s our goal.  This is obviously a challenging time, but that doesn’t mean that you just can’t keep investing and building the brand and setting yourself up for the future. And we love our positioning with KFC in China over the long term. 
David Novak: I think what we’re pleased with is the publicity on the poultry issue has really subsided, and we’re moving more into the process and continued process of building consumer confidence. I think basically what we need in China is just to get the time that we’ve seen historically has brought our business back. And that’s really the way we’re looking at it.  I wouldn’t even comment on your hypothesis. I’ll leave that to you. What we think we need is really the gift of time to build consumer trust back and keep building the brand forward as we move ahead.
David Novak: First of all, what I think we’ve done on the supply chain is we’ve taken swift, decisive action to work with our suppliers to get an even more enhanced supply chain system. As I talked about earlier, we’ve eliminated over a thousand chicken houses from our supply chain. To your point, we are working with our suppliers to support the integrated farming system, developing best practices, working with them very closely.  And as far as social media goes, we have beefed up our social media monitoring system dramatically. So I think our intention as a consumer company is to be best-in-class in this arena, and I think that’s happening across the board in all of our divisions. It’s the number one priority of Jonathan [Blum], our public affairs officer, and we are very, very focused on this, and I think doing an excellent job.  In fact, being world class in social media, digital, is a major strategic objective of ours, and last week we just spent, as a team, a couple of days visiting places like Twitter and Square, just to get totally on top of what’s going on in the world today. Which I think we are.  But at any rate, I think we’re taking all the actions we need to take to ensure that our industry leading supply chain is even better as we go into the future. We do everything we can to be on top of social media and use it as an advantage, and be able to counter any false claims that come about. And I think we’re on top of both of these issues.
David Novak: I think we’d have to get back to you on those specific numbers, and maybe share them on the next call if you’d like. I think one of the things that we are tracking is as we build awareness of everything that we’re doing with Operation Thunder is just improving consumer perceptions and the answer is the more people are aware of what we’re doing, the better they feel about coming back into our business. And so I think that’s something that we’ll continue to track.  But without question, we have a beloved brand with KFC. And as you know, when you have great brands, you just have to keep doing the things that build a great brand, and you come back. Every great brand comes back, and KFC is in a powerful position. And whatever issues there are in the category, or with food safety, or whatever, we’re top of the class in terms of being a brand that people can rely on. So I think that’s what gives us so much confidence, as we go into the future. We know we’re doing the right thing. I think the big message we have for Yum! Brands this year is staying the course. We have growth staring us in the face all around the world. Everywhere we look, we see growth opportunities. We are the leader in emerging markets, not just China. We’re continuing to build our brands the right way. And we have growth opportunity that is unparalleled. Even as we look at China. You’ve got 300 million consumers, they’re going to 600 million. And you know, we see this as the number one retail opportunity in the world.  Nothing has really changed from last year, other than the fact that we have a challenge that we have to work through, and we’ve worked through these challenges in the past, and we’re not only doing it with KFC right now, we also are building Pizza Hut. Pizza Hut, as I mentioned, is the biggest new news at Yum! Brands. We’re opening up in new cities with three-year cash on cash returns. We are definitely going to have the leading brands in every significant category.  And then, as you were listening to the call, look at what’s going on in the United States. We’ve improved our margins for five consecutive quarters. Taco Bell, which is 60% of our profits, is looking more and more like a power brand. I don’t think anybody is doing a better job of marketing or innovating than Taco Bell.  And so we really think we’re doing the things that really set this business up for the long term. Our margins improved at YRI. Why? Because we’ve restructured the business, we’ve refranchised our U.K. business.  So all of this sets us up for the future. 2013, for all of our shareholders out there, I want you to know it’s very disappointing to us. We’ve got a track record we love, but we want to get it back, and we want to come back in 2014 stronger than ever.  And every sign I see, as I talk to our people around the world, and I see what’s going on, is that we’re putting things in place to make sure that we continue to get back on that track record, and that’s the goal. Because we deliver, and we’re going to deliver consistently over the long term.
David Novak: You’re right. You’re asking sort of like the mother of god question. Nobody knows the answer to this one. But no two crises are the same. We can only look back. But we’ve weathered other storms in the past.  And to put this in context, the last time the China business was significantly impacted by avian flu was 2005. Our China division operating profit was $200 million. And at that point, it declined about 6% versus the prior year. Last year we made over a billion dollars, and I think that’s a real testament to just the power and resilience of the brand.  So I don’t know what’s going to happen in the next few quarters, two months. Your guess is as good as mine. I’m not a soothsayer. I’m not a predictor on these kinds of things. So we’ll just watch the press coverage, we’ll pay attention to what’s going on, but most importantly, we’re going to continue to build the value, and build the brand, and build the innovation that we know is going to set us up for the long term.  So I can’t really call exactly what’s going to happen in the next two to three months. I don’t think anybody can. What we can tell you is that this is a dramatic impact on our business. It’s short lived, and the period, in the past, has been about three months. 
David Novak: I think the biggest thing with the new government in China, new regime, is food safety is high on their priorities. So I expect there to be more diligence and more work with major companies like ourselves. As the leader, we see our task as setting the standard, and that we plan to work, and are working, very closely with the government to do everything we can to be the leader in food Safeway. But I think it’s really too early to talk about any seismic changes that are occurring. But I do believe that the food safety will become even better and more enhanced over the long term given everything that’s going on and the focus of the government.
David Novak: Little Sheep is very small at this stage, but we expect it to get a hell of a lot better. We’re improving the concept every which way we can, so there’s only upside. But, you know, it’s not a big tailwind for us.
David Novak: Our great and late chairman Andy Pearson had a great line. He said the best way to have a great year is to follow up a bad one. Well, we clearly have a bad one this year, and so we expect next year to be very, very good, and we have very high expectations for ourselves. I think the important thing for our investors to know is that we’re building the platforms that we think will establish the long term growth.  If you take Taco Bell for example, we are really leading in terms of improving our quality, innovation with what we’ve done with Frito Lay and the Doritos Locos Tacos line. We have world class operations. We’ve been focusing on that for some time, but we’re ranked in the top three across every key measure in operations that we look at. We’re building it for the long term. At Pizza Hut, we’ve got good value proposition, good innovation. We’re working on a major platform in chicken, where we can really develop our sales as we go forward. Across the board, we’re working on the sales layers, the breakfasts and beverages and things that we think will give us the incremental sales that will be significant over the long term.  So what we’re focused on this year is staying the course and building a sustainable growth engine for the long term. And nobody expects us to grow at least 10% next year. We expect to do a lot better. 
David Novak: But the proof’s in the pudding, you know? I mean, you can look at this and you can see all kinds of potential, but as my father used to tell me, potential means you haven’t done it yet. So we’ve got to turn around China, we’ve got to keep building these businesses, and then I think the businesses will end up being where they ought to be. And this is a growth company.
David Novak: We see the biggest macro is the growing consumer class, growing from 300 million to 600 million. So let’s say it grows from 300 to 550 or 300 to 500, it’s still a lot. And we’ve got lots of upside as we go forward. So that’s the big macro that we look at, the growing consumer class and growing disposable income. We think both those things will be moving in our direction and that’s the key.
David Novak: That’s a huge number for Taco Bell. Anything over 3% is big. If you haven’t tried it yet, you ought to. If you like Doritos, you can’t eat just one. Try the boneless chicken at KFC too while you’re at it. That’s really good. Then if you need another meal, go have cheesy crust pizza. 
David Novak: I think we know that we’re constantly improving our value equation, constantly building awareness of the sales layers we have, with delivery and 24-hour service, and breakfast. So we’ve got things that we’ve invested in to give us a base that we can build on. And we think it’s early days.  I mean, we’re not capacity constrained. It’s not like we can’t make more chicken, sell more products, and build our day parts. Our average unit volumes are $1.7 million to $1.8 million at KFC and Pizza Hut. The average unit volumes for McDonald’s is $2.6 million in the United States. So we think that one of the ways McDonald’s got there is they kept building those incremental day parts over time.  And that’s what we think we clearly have the opportunity, as we move ahead. And I think that’s just fundamentally, when you look at our asset base, and how we can leverage it, that gives us a lot of confidence. These are very untapped day parts that we’re just in the early days on. So I think that’s the biggest opportunity.
Richard Carucci: At present, we don’t expect the increased rigor of supply chain management practices is going to have a material effect on our poultry supply costs. In fact, we have reason to believe that flock yields could improve as a result of some of these more stringent practices and that will help to diminish the cost of any new procedures that may be put in place at our suppliers to continue to drive even higher levels of quality.  And then in terms of longer term supply, we remain confident that the larger producers will continue to grow and meet our supply requirements. So we’re not concerned that we’re going to face a situation where we’re going to be supply constrained in a way that is going to put upward pressure on poultry costs. 
Richard Carucci: No. What I can tell you is that clearly in the current environment the team is very much focused on running as efficiently as possible, but because we do see this as a temporary situation, we’re not taking actions that would in any way compromise the service that we’re providing our customers.
Richard Carucci: I would say the fact that we have seen sales start to come back in February and March, as David had said, about where we expected, gives us confidence that this recovery period of six to nine months is a reasonable expectation. Before the recent publicity of avian flu, we were seeing the recovery, and we continue to expect, therefore, that a full recovery will happen in that six to nine month period, particularly given the fact that we expect this dramatic impact of avian flu will persist for only about three months or so.  We’ve weathered many storms like this, so we do have a number of data points to inform our point of view at this point in time. And again, based on what we saw happen over the course of Q1, and as we reported our March sales, which as you know, for our China division, fall into Q2, we remain confident that we’re looking at a six to nine month sales recovery period. 
Richard Carucci: Certainly we hope this is the low point. It’s very difficult to predict the exact trajectory of a sales impact like avian flu. So it’s tough to call at this stage. But, again, based on our past experience with incidents like this, we believe that impact will go away in about three months.
Richard Carucci: And we are continuing to take actions, as we have in the past, to remind consumers that fully cooked chicken is perfectly safe to eat, and we’re reminding them, in several different ways in store and television, and so forth.
Richard Carucci: No material change that we see. As we’ve said before, our new unit development program is shifting increasingly to the lower tier cities where the development opportunities are more compelling, margins higher, returns higher, and we’re also shifting more from KFC to the Pizza Hut brand. And that will continue. In terms of our ability to secure the sites and the development of infrastructure to create the opportunities for us, we don’t see that changing.
Richard Carucci: We continue to believe that 20% margins are imminently achievable with our China business, and it’s not just comps that are going to get us there. Certainly in the short term, the transaction recovery is going to be the single biggest driver of margin improvement. No doubt about it. However, there are a couple of other things to keep in mind.  The first is ongoing asset leverage as we continue to add new layers to our business, to our existing restaurants. Whether it’s 24-hour operations in our KFC business or breakfast at Pizza Hut, these new sales layers are going to better leverage the existing investment we have and provide that leverage on fixed cost.  And then the other is the impact of portfolio shift. As I mentioned, when we look at our new unit development program going forward, for the KFC brand we are continuing to shift from the tier one and tier two coastal cities to the tier two inland and tier three and below cities, where margins are significantly higher and we are continuing to shift more of our new unit program from KFC to Pizza Hut.  And I want to point out, even though this wasn’t in our release, that even in a quarter where same-store sales were down for our Pizza Hut casual dining business, margins were still well above 20%, and even close to 30% in the lower tier cities. This is going to be an increasing focus of our development program going forward, and that’s going to benefit the portfolio restaurant margin for our China business.  So I think it’s important to keep in mind those three factors. It’s transaction recovery, it’s ongoing asset leverage as we introduce new sales layers, and it’s a shift in our development program and how that’s going to benefit portfolio margins. 
Richard Carucci: I think it’s premature to say that it’s going to be a margin tailwind this year. But our long term expectations of the growth that we will get out of that business to be high. It is a relatively small portion of our portfolio today, but we didn’t buy it, as you know, for the 400-500 units that are in the ground, but for the several hundred units that we know we will build over the next several years. And with the improvements that we are bringing to the concept and our operations knowhow, we are optimistic that the margins are going to improve significantly. And at that stage, with a larger scale business, and much better margin performance, then the Little Sheep business will be helpful to our overall margin.
Richard Carucci: I think you’re thinking about it exactly the right way. Let me tell you, if 2014 is not a big bounce back year, we will all be very disappointed, because that is our expectation. We have a high degree of confidence that is going to be the case. And as I said in my remarks earlier, 2013 is an aberration.  So I wouldn’t spend too much time focusing on 2013 results. Not to suggest that we’re not focused on doing the best job possible, but as it relates to how you think about our business, and what we’re going to deliver, and how we’re set up to continue to grow, I encourage you to continue to focus on 2014. We do expect that we will begin to see a strong recovery next year.
Richard Carucci: Regarding impact of avian flu, I don’t think what’s happened in China is going to impact other markets. I think what will happen is if that appears in those markets. We’re obviously going to keep a close eye on that. We’re prepared in advance to communicate what our response would be, which is what people have said here before, which is properly cooked chicken is perfectly safe to eat. So we’re ready for the possibility, but I don’t think it’s going to have an impact unless it hits other countries.
Richard Carucci: And regarding the overlap of Taco Bell from a sales perspective, it is a huge overlap, as you point out. As I said on my speech, we grew 6% in the first quarter on top of 6% last year. And the second quarter Taco Bell last year had 13% same-store sales growth, which is obviously a huge number. We look at it as anything positive being a really good result there. And what the team has put in place, in the launch of Cool Ranch Doritos Locos Tacos, I think we have a decent chance of accomplishing that.
Richard Carucci: When Doritos Locos Tacos was launched in 2012, with nacho cheese, the peak mix was about 11-12%. And when it was [off air] sort of towards the end of the year, beginning of this year, it got down to about 4%. So we left it on the menu, but we weren’t promoting it for a period of time. When we relaunched Cool Ranch, we got about that same level of mix, about 11-12% of mix.
