David Gibbs: Thanks for the question, David. And apologies to everybody for our phone dropping out. That's a first for us on an earnings call, but I guess – and everything has happened in the last 12 months, so why not that. As far as unit development, I know that's on everybody's mind. So just a couple of thoughts there. To the question of can we regain that 4% pace and is that in our cross hairs, and our goal certainly to get to 4% and beyond. And the answer is, certainly, yes. There's a lot of reasons why we're confident that we will get there over time. Our business model really has gotten stronger over the last 12 months. The shift to off-premise suits us well and improves our franchisees' economics. And obviously, in our open stores, we're seeing that show up as sales. Most of our franchisees are in good shape. They're coming out of this situation with – in good financial shape and they're ready to grow. Certainly, it's a more favorable real estate climate. And I will point out that in 2020, we actually opened over 2,400 gross units. So it's not as if the development pace at Yum! just disappeared. The challenge obviously with a lot of the closures, which we had for good reasons, things we've talked about over the years, wanting to close, particularly, Pizza Hut restaurants to strengthen our asset base. So we've got a lot of that behind us in 2020. And then, certainly, three out of our four brands grew last year and we got 3% growth in the global business when you exclude the Pizza Hut business. So all of those good proof points for why we can get back to 4%. As far as the timing though, I know the question is when and there is still some uncertainty on that, which is why we're not providing guidance on that number. We certainly can't be certain of the pandemic course. Since our last call, we've obviously seen flare-ups that have impacted our business. Yum! China talked about that as well last night. It's a challenging environment just to build stores. And there are markets that we want to get stores open and we're having trouble getting permits and getting the right people to construct the stores. And certainly, as we've changed our asset models, that has got our franchisees looking at making changes to the kinds of sites they pursue in some cases, the type of stores they build on those locations. All of that leads to some delays. And then, certainly, we all know in the development game in retail, it takes time to build the pipeline. And the fact that our pipeline was disrupted last year, we have to rebuild it. So confident that we can get back to 4% and beyond. Still not at a point where we're going to commit to a certain timeframe on that. But the mood is definitely one of confidence.
David Gibbs: Yes. Thanks, John. Look, obviously, the environment has changed over the last 12 months that we're operating in and we're pleased at how the business has pivoted to off-premise, but that doesn't at all mean we're giving up on dine-in, and we know that dine-in can play a role in our business as we go forward. I think Yum! China talked about it yesterday on their call that they've seen sequential improvement in their dine-in business. And while it hasn't gotten back to where it was, they've done some innovation around technology to help in dine-in and have been able to regain some of it. So we have 300 different combinations of brands in countries. Every one of them is a different story. As we've gone through this, what you're seeing is the markets that have a more that were built for off-premise are the ones that are doing better. And the ones that had more of a dine-in skew are developing better off-premise solutions and improving their situation. But we are preparing for people reengaging with dine-in and we have the assets that can serve it and we still think it will be part of the business, but lesser going forward than it has been.
David Gibbs: And one last comment on the U.S., The Habit Burger Grill. I know it's of such a scale that it can have a meaningful impact on our numbers in the short-term, but we are excited about the long-term potential of the brand. The way it's gotten through this environment, pivoted to off-premise, the technology that they've deployed, the quality of their operations. There is a lot of reasons why you would be excited going forward with Habit. We've seen a lot of interest from the franchise community in becoming Habit franchisees. We're going slow in that regard to make sure we do it exactly right. But that's a brand that I think is also poised for a lot of exciting things in 2021.
David Gibbs: Great. So I've got three questions, and I'll tick through those. So first on gross CapEx, yes, prior to the pandemic, we had gross CapEx around $225 million in a normal year. And so, yes, but the $250 million, there is a tick up there. It's really driven by two factors. One, we've now got The Habit as a part of the business and we still have a large equity store base there. And so we will be investing in development in The Habit. And second, smaller pieces driven by the digital investments. And of course, as we mentioned, we want to have at least $50 million in refranchising proceeds, north of that. We obviously have more stores in the portfolio now with the acquisition of Habit. So hopefully that explains that slight tick up in the gross number. Second, in terms of payback on technology investments. Yes, our focus is earning a return on those investments over time. However, the primary way in which we earn those returns is by those investments leading to higher sales growth and higher strengths in the business, which also aids net new unit growth. And that supports our franchisees, it supports us. That's the primary way in which we earn a return on those investments. And then your third question around drive-thru, obviously, off-premise has been such an important shift as we've gone through the pandemic. And yes, we continue to invest in the right drive-thru technology and experience in each of our markets. In some cases that does include digital menu boards. In other markets, we might say that's not the needed investment. But in virtually all cases, we want it to be an easy fast experience for our customers. And we continue to focus in each brand on making sure that experience is terrific and enabling it through the right technologies for the particular market.
David Gibbs: As far as Pizza Hut goes, David, you broke out – broke up a couple of times. I think I got the gist of your question. On the U.S. business and the brand, we're really pleased with the progress that Kevin under his leadership, but also the team that we brought in from a brand and a marketing standpoint; David Graves and George Felix have done an amazing job of reinvigorating the innovation pipeline and bringing the brand forward to consumers in a way that's really resonating, and that's why you're seeing the great results there. We do think, as you've seen with the launch with the Detroit-style pizza more recently. We do think that there is an important role for innovation to play in that brand. And I think those guys are spot on the way they're bringing it to life. So we're confident in the brand coming to life. As we've always talked about, the challenges are more around the asset base than it is about consumers' loves for the brands or the products that we serve. On the international side, it's obviously a different story. The assets are in better shape, but they skew more toward dine-in. And you're seeing that shift in the asset base to off-premise. Even the dine-in stores themselves are now in many cases offering delivery, coming up with innovative solutions to leverage technology on the dine-in experience. So I think that will continue. And yes, we will be helped at on the international side when we get past the pandemic and people return to the stores. But the base model that we have at Pizza Hut both internationally and domestically of building a delivery carry-out unit is a low-cost asset to build that usually gets very high returns, is attractive to our franchisees. And that base model and the unit economics of it bodes very well for the future of the brand internationally and domestically.
David Gibbs: Well, thanks everybody for your time today. Obviously, in summary, 2020 was a challenging year across almost every dimension. But we feel really good about the massive progress we've made in so many ways, progress we wouldn't have made without the challenges of 2020. I'll just end on a high note. If you didn't pick it up in the release, we opened our 25,000th KFC in Q4, ended the year with 25,000 restaurants. If you look back just five years ago at the end of 2015, we had less than 20,000 restaurants. KFC in 2020 opened – had 4% net new unit growth. Even in the toughest of times, this brand is growing. It's our biggest brand. And that kind of 5,000 unit growth over a five year period bodes well for the future. We've still only scratched the surface of penetrating the world with KFC. Probably most importantly though, 2020 was a year in which our culture and talent was a differentiating factor in getting through it as successfully as we have. And I was so proud of the way our franchisees and our employees took care of our customers and our communities, partnered together to pivot the business and we clearly have emerged stronger, and there is a lot of enthusiasm and excitement around the world about the growth ahead of us. Thank you for your time.
Chris Turner: Thanks, John. This is Chris. Really good question. Digital has been such an important part of our resilience during the pandemic. We're proud to say that we had the $17 billion in digital sales for the year. A very significant increase over the previous year. And we're just very pleased with how digital is supporting the business. And we are, as we said, investing ahead in digital. We're finding other places to manage cost to help us to continue to fund those investments. And to your point, what we really care about in the long-term is that we earn a return on those investments. And so that gets at how we're thinking about the digital strategy. We want to continue to have the consumer-facing and team member-facing technologies be curated by the brands and be right for each individual market. The needs of a customer and the expectations for e-commerce in one market may be very different from another. So those front ends are tailored. But to your point, we are building common platforms underneath that. We don't need to replicate those common platforms multiple times. And so we gave a couple of examples earlier around how we're doing that. We mentioned that in KFC U.S. we've now introduced an internally built e-commerce platform. We will test that in a major market like KFC U.S. and then we will take it to other brands and other markets over time. Similarly, the POS example that we used on Taco Bell. Taco Bell is the first place where we'll implement that. And then we will customize and tailor that as a platform for other markets, both of those allow the front ends to be customized. So it's a blend of customer focus and platform underneath.
Chris Turner: Yes. So good question, and it's one that we think about on each element of the tech stack. And in general, we focus on ones where we think that element could provide a competitive advantage. The ones that we want to build and have control of internally. Others that are more of a support or enabler role are ones that we would work with third-party vendors through hopefully advantage commercial relationships where we bring our scale to bear. So it's always a blend, and we're always constantly reevaluating each of those aspects. But I gave a couple of examples a moment ago of ones where we've clearly said we need to have a differentiated proprietary platform on e-commerce and POS as a couple of examples that are so strategically important to the business.
Chris Turner: Yes. I'll just add a little bit of color on sales trends to start the year. We've been pleased with how the brands have started the year given all of the elements that David mentioned. But I will try to provide a little more context for trends that we've seen. So first, if we take the U.S. specifically, in the first few weeks of the quarter, across all four brands, our same-store sales growth in aggregate was in the mid-teens. Of course, that strength was partly bolstered by the U.S. stimulus, which appears to be waning. Internationally, the sales trends have been softer. We've seen a slight deceleration from Q4 trends owing to the impact of regional COVID resurgences, plus the temporary closures due to COVID and local restrictions, plus some restrictions on operating hours in some of the restaurants. If you step back and you think about this quarter in total, there is a fair bit of uncertainty that makes it a bit unpredictable. We've got many different labs. The Lunar New Year moving, plus all of the COVID impacts in various markets around the globe but hopefully, that gives you a little more context for how the quarter has started.
