David Gibbs: Yes. From a consumer standpoint, obviously, you saw the top line results we reported this quarter. We're very pleased with them. They're very strong. So, generally around the world, we're not seeing any concerns from a consumer standpoint. Then, if you dig deeper into what's going on in the US, it's been well documented that there's a little bit of a K-shaped recovery. And we're seeing a little bit of that. We're higher in consumers having a little bit more demand. But the great thing about our business is our brands are so well positioned to succeed in any environment. And in particular, our business is 80% globally based on Taco Bell US and KFC International. Those two businesses make up 80% of our profit. They're incredibly well positioned to deliver value to consumers and with appealing brands. So in the US, this K-shaped recovery, there's a little bit of K-shaped demand for value on the high end. The demand is more for premium value. That's why you're seeing us do things like the Double Stay Grill Cheese Burrito at Taco Bell, which is at a higher price point than normal, but still a great value and a big part of our success in Taco Bell. And then on the low end, in Q3, KFC go back to Mac and Cheese bowls with some success that moves the needle. So, that's value offering, but at a price point that's appealing to a line consumer, but still not just discounting our core product, something interesting that consumers are [indiscernible]. Cravings menu in Taco Bell, the same thing, where we're offering burrito for $2. As far as the consumer environment for us and our industry and for our brands, which are particularly well suited to navigate, it looks good. Now, I know in other industries like in other parts of retail, if you bought some furniture a couple of years ago, you probably pulled your demand forward and that they're not going to have the same demand today. We don't have that issue in our industry because if you bought lunch two years ago, that's not influencing your decision today. And your decision today is more determined by how we stack up versus your options. We know that we're a really attractive option versus grocery, which is experiencing a lot of inflation. So this is a good environment for us.
David Gibbs: Yes. Thanks, David. I'll just comment on a couple of things. And of course, in the speech, I already mentioned the foundational things that are driving our business that will continue to drive it this quarter and in future quarters. Like the progress that we're making on technology and digital.  But beyond that, I guess what I would highlight is outside the US, while we had good growth in both developed and emerging markets. Our emerging markets are really starting to perform strongly. We were plus 20 in emerging markets outside the US ex-China. So that was a big driver and that was expected. We talked about this on previous calls that as these markets recover from COVID, we expected outside growth. The really encouraging thing about that is that's actually plus 16% versus 2019.  So not just a recovery but real growth versus the 2019 baseline and then in the US, obviously, Taco Bell has been a steady high performer, but KFC, I think did a better job on value with the Mac & Cheese Bowl this quarter. Pizza Hut, as we've talked about in previous quarters, has done – has made progress on embracing third-party aggregators to solve some of that delivery challenge. So, we saw a meaningful improvement in their trends on delivery sales. So that all added up to as you mentioned, good strong growth around the world.
David Gibbs: Yes. Look, it's hard to predict anything over the last few years in this environment. The one thing that I can predict though, is our brands are incredibly well positioned to navigate any environment. We've demonstrated that over the last few years, and I feel confident as we move forward. Value does seem to be more of a factor today than it might have been six or nine months ago. And that's just more of a return to normal for the industry, rather than it is an exaggerated emphasis on value. But as I mentioned in my earlier comments, the scale that we have, our purchasing ability, the appeal of our brands, the fact that the vast majority of our business is at Taco Bell US and KFC International piece, that are so strong and so successful at navigating that give us great confidence that we will be able to continue to thrive in any environment. And there is a little bit more of an emphasis on this premium value, which is good for the industry where without products that aren't at the absolute lowest price can still be very appealing to consumers as long as the overall equation, the experience, the convenience, the credibility of the food is all there.
David Gibbs: Yeah. To wrap up, obviously, a very strong quarter for Yum!. We're pleased with the results, led by our great teams in the field. We've got an investor conference coming up, and it's actually the first investor conference that we've had in four years given the delays from COVID. So we're really eager to get to spend some time with all of you in New York on December 13. In particular, we've got some new leaders in the business that you'll get to hear from live in person for the first time very excited about letting them tell the great growth stories that we have going on all around the world. A great quarter, and thanks for your time today.
Chris Turner: Yes, a good question on the existing asset base. We're -- as we just discussed, a tremendous unit grower, but we also want to make sure that our current asset base remains fresh and relevant provides a great experience for our customers. Of course, whenever you're growing at 6% units. Every year, that's a new chunk of new stores that are being added to the system. Plus we have programs with our franchisees where they got requirements around remodeling and keeping the asset base fresh. In terms of the responsibility for that, that lies with our franchisees. And it's part of their approach to being in our business, investing in stores. They know they've got to make investments over time to continue to keep the asset base refreshed, and our brands are working hard with the franchisees to do that.
Chris Turner: Yes. So obviously, in Europe, right now, there are some challenges, particularly on energy inflation, they're facing, our franchisees. Europe is an important growth market for us in the long run. We have meaningful but moderate exposure in the context of our global portfolio. Europe as a geography, is about mid-teens percentage of our sales and our operating profit. The business continues to be strong from a top line perspective there.  If you look at KFC Europe, we had 25% system sales growth in Q3. Now the UK was a little bit of a different story where those energy inflation is a bit more pronounced, and you've got that holiday overlaps continuing throughout the year. So we had slight negative sales there. Same thing in the Pizza Hut business, strong in other parts, UK a bit more impacted, but we are working closely with our franchisees. We know this is going to be a challenge for them to navigate. And we manage the business on a franchisee-by-franchisee basis. So our teams in Europe are partnering with them setting the commercial plans for the business to help navigate those inflationary challenges.
Chris Turner: Yes. Thanks, David. On Pizza Hut US first. As David mentioned, the addition of aggregators has been one part of solving the delivery capacity challenge that we mentioned earlier in the year. We talked about how at the beginning of the year, we view this more as a capacity challenge than a demand challenge. And we've used our relationships with the aggregators, both being on their platforms and working with them on delivery as a service as one mode to solve that. Plus, I think we've mentioned that we have also adjusted some of our hiring practices and our HR practices or our franchisees have to attract more drivers into their jobs, things like reducing the time it takes to apply for a job at Pizza Hut. Both of those have contributed to us having significantly more delivery capacity in the market. If you look at Q2, we had a 23-point gap between our carryout growth and our delivery growth. In Q3, we actually extended our carryout growth, but the gap narrowed to 17 points. So that means delivery was significantly higher, and I think that's just attributable to both of those levers, giving us more delivery capacity into the system. There's one other benefit from the aggregator platforms, which is we get an incremental customer, who sees us on those marketplaces. And so that's probably been a bit of an impact there as well. And we've mentioned earlier that we've seen franchisees who adopted these faster run a little bit ahead of the system. So, I think that is part of what's driving growth in the Pizza Hut US system.
