David Novak: Thank very much, Rick. What we'd like to do now is open it up for any questions that you have about the business. 
David Novak: I agree with everything that Rick just said, and just let me give you just a little bit more color about why we're very bullish about the development opportunities in China. I think the biggest tailwind, as I mentioned earlier, is just the growing consumer class, going from 300 million to 600 million people in the next 10 years or at least that. But then I think our whole formula for success in China has been geared on great local management team with phenomenal local operating capability. And we've always had one rule, we never want to expand any further than or faster than our people capability. Because we've got these brands that are so good, we just want to keep polishing the diamond. Now having said that, when you look at our operating capabilities, the best we have in the world, 90% of our restaurant managers in China have at least a college education. When I talk to Mark Chu, the President of China, he'll tell you that in every one of our KFC's, we have 2 new assistants ready to open up new stores when we're ready. So we have the people capability, and we know there are lots of people there that need jobs, want jobs, and we're creating all kinds of jobs there, so we have a tremendous environment that's set up for operating capability. In fact, our operating capability is so good there, we really see ourself as the training ground for retail development and retail managers in China. We have what we call the Whampoa Academy, where we're really developing talent to not only grow our business but we think will help other retailers as that country emerges by providing talent, which is fine. We basically tell somebody when they come out in school, in 4 years they can run a restaurant at KFC, or if they want to go  start their own business, they'll be ready, or they can go work for another retailer, or they can become a franchisee. But we're like the Procter and Gambles, the king of marketing talent in the United States. We see ourselves as the leader in operating talent in China. The second big thing on people capability is just our development operations. Our development team -- we have 700 people in our development team. And we have the best retail management base in China. This is a huge competitive advantage as we go forward. And what I always say is that when you go into any of these new cities, we're going to have the flagship location and/or locations before our primary competitor even gets there. So we're going to -- so we have a huge competitive advantage there. So I think underpinning everything that we're doing in China is the operating capability we have. And I think it really is true, the formula of success in this business, you have the people capably right, you get that right and then you satisfy more customers, then you make more money. We're basically delivering that in spades. The only other thing I would say is what we're talking about now, in terms of our development engine is KFC, leader in QSR, Pizza Hut, leader in casual dining. We're obviously developing Pizza Hut Home Service. We're obviously developing East Dawning for Chinese quick-service opportunities as we go forward and we just bought Little Sheep because we want to have the leading brands in every significant category. So our goal, obviously, is to keep this development engine primed and pumped and take advantage of the significant opportunity we have to provide great brands in China, create lots of jobs in China, and make our business even bigger. 
David Novak: Taco Bell, we think that the units are in pretty good shape, so we like the way we look in the U.S. We're continuing to upgrade our system. We think about 50% of our system is where it should be today, so we have work to do. But it's sort of normal pacing and sequencing. I think one thing that's always helps is we believe we're well positioned to have a strong 2012. So whenever franchisees are doing better, they're usually in a better position to invest in continuing to upgrade their asset. 
David Novak: Yes, still early on the China in terms of -- we've seen nothing different really, in terms of our performance for China new units. We haven't seen the fourth quarter ones yet, but the stuff that we had throughout 2011 were very similar to what we've had before, very high hit rates, very high return on invested capital. And the trend that has continued a bit is stronger performance in Tier 2 through 6 cities than in Tier 1 cities. So again, we're being more cautious in our Tier 1 cities, which we've been doing throughout 2011. But we feel very good about the performance of new units. The labor side to me is a bit gravity [ph]. We expect labor rates to continue to go up. As we've said before, that's a dual-edged sword. We'll obviously do the things we can do to make -- to have productivity in our restaurants. But my belief is that if labor inflation occurs at a high rate, we'll have to price to offset it as will everybody else. So I think that's how that will play out. Little Sheep, we really are just starting to understand the business. So we have teams that are going there now. The deal just closed at February 1, so the team is going through transition right now.  We're welcoming the people who were part of Little Sheep into the Yum! family. We think they have high enthusiasm, high talent, so we're pleased to be working with them. But we really don't have a lot of insight into the performance last year. I pretty much shared what we know. And we're still trying to really learn more about the details of that business. 
David Novak: Well, first of all, our sales in Taco Bell turned positive late in the fourth quarter, and they continue to be positive even in the most recent days. And so, as I mentioned, the event that you just talked about had no impact on our sales or transactions. And the event I want to point out took place last year. And if you would like any more information about that, just go to our website at the tacobell.com. But I think bottom line is, is that when we look at Taco Bell, we are extremely pleased that Taco Bell sales turned positive late in the fourth quarter, positive now. And we are readying for our Taco Nacho Cheese Tacos launch, which we think is the biggest innovation in the Mexican quick service restaurant industry in I don't know how long.  But I mean, this is like we really took advantage of the fact that we have a great partnership with PepsiCo, went to Frito Lay, have the opportunity to launch Doritos Taco shells, which totally proprietary. No one else in the industry will be doing it. Very excited about that launch, which is coming up. We also have launched breakfast, I think, in a very smart way that we can make money. We just opened it up in 800 restaurants in the West Coast, starting it at 8:00, takes care a lot of the labor issues, and we think that we'll ultimately end up expanding that across the country, and having breakfast earlier, just like we expanded our late-night. The other thing that we're very excited about, which we now have in test, is a line of higher-quality category breakthrough value with a celebrity chef, Lorena Garcia, where we have new ingredients, new pico sauce, new meat, bowls.  We think we are bringing Taco Bell value to a different line of products that are more premium, where we'll really just re-establish the category value, which we think is terrific. So there's lots of really good things going on at Taco Bell. The franchisees are extremely excited about it, and we're very bullish that we're going to be able to have a outstanding year or at least a solid year this year. You pick your adjective, but it's going to be a lot better than last year. Okay, so we're enthusiastic. And longer term, as I've always said, we think Taco Bell is a huge opportunity for Yum! Brands. We're underpenetrated. We think if we can get a couple hundred thousand dollars more of sales volume, we can go from a little over 5,000 restaurants to 8,000 restaurants in the United States because we are the national competitor, so we really have a very dominant position. And as we -- we also look at Taco Bell as a global opportunity, an opportunity to begin to expand that around the world as well. So we're very bullish on Taco Bell, and upward and onward. 
David Novak: And john, on the lower occupancy, that would -- that's -- part of that would definitely be some of the benefit of refranchising. So those will generally be lower margin stores, lower volume stores, so occupancy would be higher as a percentage. 
David Novak: The other thing, Jason, on YRI unit growth, it was 4% net for the year, which is definitely on the high -- if you look at trends for YRI, that was on the good side of the trend, so we feel very good about that as well. 
David Novak: Yes, I think that was probably true a while ago. So one of the things that occurred until, I'd say, the last couple of years is we were able really to not take any pricing and really get a lot of efficiencies on our cost of goods, just through buying for thousands of units versus buying for hundreds of units. It's realistically probably less. I think there's some upside but not -- going forward, but not as big as it has been historically. And the higher food cost in China, I think were done intentionally, in that we wanted to make sure we provided a lot of value, and we could afford to do that because our labor costs were lower. So we've always had good value in China. Obviously, if labor costs creep up, we'll have to figure out how to deal with that. And some of that may be by reducing our food costs, but obviously, we look at all parts of the P&L and pricing to manage that. 
David Novak: I think Pizza Hut is just building on its foundation of value that was established with the launch of our $10 any program, and we continue to bring the $10 message forward.  Plus we had the combination of the low end, the $10 large pizza any way you want it combined with the $20 box meal that we came up with, which was an innovation in terms of bundling. So I think as we look at Pizza Hut this year, we think we've got -- we're going to have -- you will see the combination of more value and the constancy of that value and the creativity around how we bring our value message to the marketplace, plus you'll see continued innovation, you will see the typical innovation that we're pretty famous for in the category in terms of pizzas. We also, Mitch, continue to drive our Pasta business on Tuesdays and our Wings business on Wednesday, leveraging the asset throughout the day. So I think the great thing about Pizza Hut right now is we feel like we have a very solid foundation from -- to build on. In years past, we were so dependent on just the marketing whizbang pizza of the year. And I think with our everyday value proposition being what it is now, we have a much more stable proposition to build on as we go forward. The other thing that we're very excited about is that we are working very hard on the operating side. We think there's significant opportunity to improve sales just through getting our pizzas to our customers faster, drive more productivity inside the store in terms of speed. So we think we have a lot of initiatives that will give us confidence that Pizza Hut's going to keep moving forward. I think the big chains are doing better now overall, because we've all improved our value proposition. And certainly, we've led the way with that at Pizza Hut. 
David Novak: Yes, it's really hard to generalize on YRI and -- but in general, I'd say the same thing that we sort of see in China is that we -- similar in the U.S., we would probably expect more commodity inflation in the first half of the year and less commodity inflation in the last half of the year. Labor, I don't think there's any significant difference in expectations on timing during the course of 2012. 
David Novak: Again, I think similar to China, in the way that we'll probably take some modest pricing early in the year and then sort of reassess depending on what commodities do later in the years. 
David Novak: I think in terms of China's -- well, obviously people capability is what drives us in China, and we obviously believe we have the management depth and capability to bring on that brand or we wouldn't have acquired it. 
David Novak: All right. Thank you very much, for the questions, and let me briefly wrap this up. I'd like to do, if I just talk about one of the initiatives, we're very excited about this year, that we're really driving hard on. And it starts with the fact that for the past 15 years, I've been teaching a leadership program called Taking People With You. And more than 4,000 people in the Yum! system including franchisees have participated in this program. And as I talked about in New York, I recently wrote a book based on this program. Basically, taking people with you includes everything I learned about how to build and align teams to get results and it gleans the best know-how in the world, from top change experts, coaches, CEOs I've interviewed, met with in other leading companies. And what we've done is -- and we're doing now is we're making 2012 the year of taking people with you for operational excellence across Yum! Brands around the world. Basically, we take learnings in the book and we've created training guides that will be made available in 11 different languages to restaurant general managers all around the world. And they will be developing plans with their coaches on how to take people with them in their restaurant to get the single biggest thing that's going to drive performance, operational excellence in their restaurant. And we're very excited about this, because we think it's going to prove to be a real catalyst for us to drive what we call customer mania and improve operational effectiveness. And this is part of a major effort that we embarked upon a couple of years ago internally, which is to build world-class operations. We've been focusing very hard on putting more and more effort and diligence and process and discipline around operating standards and processes and making sure that they're executed. Because we firmly believe that while we have pockets of excellence and operations around the world, particularly in markets like China and India and even in the United States, Taco Bell is top-tier in terms of speed and accuracy, we think we can do better. So we're very, very focused on Taking People With You and using this as a way to drive even more performance in our stores and become more operationally excellent. So very excited about that. This is the year of taking people with you to drive operational excellence all around the world. And by the way, all the proceeds of the book, The Taking People With You, go to United Nation's World Food Programme, which we've made our global corporate social responsibility effort.  And we build awareness of that, the issue of starving children all around the world, leveraging our system. So it -- all of this is geared towards us continuing to make progress as we build the defining global company that feeds the world. We want to have a culture that is world famous for recognition, everyone counts, make our brands vibrant everywhere  we do business, with operational excellence the foundation, which we've made our single biggest priority and we will continue to do in the next 5 years. And then, we want to be a company with a huge heart, which is all geared around providing great jobs for people and also making a difference in the world with the World Food Programme. So very excited about this year, very bullish about the opportunity we have to continue our track record of generating at least 10% earnings per share growth. We always try to do the best we can, and we're very focused on really having an outstanding year and delivering returns for our shareholders. So thank you very much for being on this call, and we look forward to talking to you out in the marketplace and the next quarter. Thank you. 
Richard Carucci: As you mentioned, the Chinese team has just had an amazing track record for getting unit growth and also getting this growth through all tier cities. We continue to expand aggressively in Tier 3 through 6 cities and especially expanding our lead in those areas. So we feel very good about what's occurred. As a reminder of what we said in New York, David, was that we ended up increasing the new unit growth because of a couple of factors. One had been the even faster infrastructure growth that the China government has taken on, and Lily took us through that they're building these city clusters. And what that's doing is allowing new trade zones in places like train stations, bus stations, et cetera, but it's also developing new trade zones, as they're building new apartments in some of these cities as well, so that's led that growth. And the other piece that has increased our numbers in 2011, where it was really Pizza Hut development. And Pizza Hut -- a while back, we struggled in Tier 3 cities, our second unit in Tier 3 cities. We're having really good success in Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities now with Pizza Hut as we have more variety and better value in those restaurants. So I don't expect any of that to change in the next year or so. So we still have our guidance of at least 600 units, and I think it's safe to say we'll hit that 600 unit. Regarding further out, it's always been hard to predict when the next layer of unit growth has occurred. We were stuck on only 500 for about a 4-year period before we got to the 600. So I've still said historically that I expect the absolute number to grow over time, while the percentage continued to decline, and that's still my personal best guess at this point in time. 
Richard Carucci: Regarding the margins in China, by far, the biggest impact that we had, which we expected coming into it, was food inflation and labor inflation. There is an impact, to your point, on new openings as they went up versus prior year.  We always have a lot of new openings in the fourth quarter. We think the impact to that is a bit over one point. Regarding KFC refranchising, I feel very good with the progress we've made. As I mentioned, in early 2011, we had spent some time working on a fairly large transaction that after we sort of turned our attention to smaller deals, we think we've made a lot of progress. So feel good with how we ended the year. I believe we are very well poised to therefore deliver on what we've set as finishing the KFC refranchising in 2012. And I think the final numbers, which is in our release, for the refranchising of KFC was 160 units in the fourth quarter. 
Richard Carucci: Yes, I think it'll be fairly close to what it is today, with the exception of, as we pointed out, the incentive this year -- sorry, in 2011, on the Pizza Hut Delco. So and again, what we were doing there is providing incentive for lower-cost Pizza Hut delivery units especially geared towards smaller towns. And it's a less expensive unit and that's actually -- had the desired effect. A lot of franchisees have built them. We ended up with net positive units in Pizza Hut for the first time in quite a while in 2011. We see that number increasing as we go to 2012. But the way that the incentive worked, we actually started -- was a 2011 -- sorry, 2010 and 2011 incentive, but a lot of the spending ended up in 2011. So that amount of money, I'd say it's probably about $4 million higher than what it normally should be. If you adjust for that, my guess is the percentages will be pretty constant going forward. 
Richard Carucci: Joe, regarding your first question about China dynamics on pricing and margins, you pretty much have the pricing right. We had -- if you go back in 2011, we had a 3% pricing roughly in the first quarter. We had 2% pricing at the end of September, and we had 2% pricing in early November. So if you look at the impact in the fourth quarter, we basically had 3 months, because if you look at the September, it's right at the end of that month, so again, remind folks that the fourth quarter is a 4-month quarter for China, September, October, November, and December. So we had 3 months of the first price increase, and [indiscernible] of 2%, then we took another price increase early in November, also about 2%, and we got about 2 months of that. So we have little, about 5 months of pricing increase over a 4-month period. So the net effect of that was a little over 2 points of effective pricing that showed up in the fourth quarter this year. On the flip side of that, we had very high food inflation and labor inflation, as we sort of highlighted on the quarter 3 call, we ended up with 11% food inflation, about 18% labor inflation. So the impact on margins of that was about a negative 7%. And the overall impact we had on pricing was a positive 5%, that 2% I talked about in the fourth quarter plus the benefit of 3% in the first quarter. So that's really what the big factors were in the margin decline. As you look forward to what we expect in the first quarter, just a couple of things to keep in mind. One is that some of that pricing rolls off because we took the 3% pricing during the first quarter last year. We still expect high food commodity in the first quarter of next year, although our indications are that commodity inflation will get better as the year develops in China. And we'll have a little bit of higher benefit from the pricing we just took in the fourth quarter. 
Richard Carucci: I'd say by the second quarter. We started -- we have different value pieces. So just to put that in perspective, our -- what we call our value mix. And again, we have it in all the day parts, it's breakfast, lunch and afternoon tea are the 3 areas where we sort of have some value combinations. If you add that up, Joe, it's about 10% to 15% of our mix, so they're in those value layer that we have, which is about what we wanted. But a lot of that came in the first quarter but some of it came in more aggressively in the second quarter. So again, that's the reason why first quarter, I don't expect heroic margin results. But I expect margins to get better as we get into the second quarter and beyond. And what we've said before is we expect margins to be better on a year-over-year basis by the second half of 2012. 
Richard Carucci: You'll see more in the second quarter. We lapped some in the first quarter as we eventually did some, but you have to be careful because Chinese New Year is such a big event in China. It's hard to get a real lead on that, so we'll probably know more when we get into the second quarter. 
Richard Carucci: Unfortunately, I think I have to get back to you on both of those questions, John. The refranchising impact we have is going to be somewhat significant, not as significant as some of the previous years, but we'll benefit in particular from the refranchising we did in 2011 on KFC. The Taco Bell we'll benefit less from because their margins aren't that far away from our overall margin level. So I would think it would be about at least 0.5 point but we'd have to get back to you with more specific numbers on that. 
Richard Carucci: Yes, I mean, right now, obviously, what we do with pricing will depend on what happens with inflation. And I'd say, right now, we're not changing our view of commodity inflation in China. We probably have a higher degree of confidence that it will moderate. I mean, we have it moderating in our forecast. I think our confidence of that has come up a little bit as we sort of just see what's happening in the marketplace there. So given that, what we've sort of said is we expect to take obviously some pricing in 2012. Our best guess is sometime in the second quarter, but that'll depend on how things play out a little bit. We have nothing planned specifically at this time, but that's our best guess, and the level of it will depend on if we see anything different on the commodity side. 
Richard Carucci: Yes. And again, I probably -- the way the math works is we think it'll be right around 20% for 2012. But I think the bigger importance from my standpoint is to make sure by the second half of 2012, we're at normal levels of margins. And I think that, to us, is also the 20% on an annual basis. So yes, I feel pretty good about our ability to do that by the back half of the year. And right about now, we're not changing what we sort of said in New York, where were we sort of said our best guess for full year 2012 margins is about 20%. 
Richard Carucci: Yes, on the YRI piece of it, we're pretty pleased with what we have. We've covered a lot of that, I think, at the Analyst Meeting in the sense of we are building -- we've been getting close to critical mass in certain countries, France, Germany, Russia, it's a little early for Africa yet, where we think we could start to accelerate development, but we're not ready to make that call for 2012. So I do think that there's a good chance over time that number goes up in total, but right now, we're just sort of calling it similar to where we were. 
Richard Carucci: On the value question is, is part of the November price increase that we talked about included lowering cost of sales in some of our value initiatives in China. And that was pretty much in all the areas, in breakfast, work day, lunch and afternoon tea. So we tweaked our value offerings everywhere there. There were, I'd say, minor adjustments but included in that 2% number I gave you. 
Richard Carucci: First of all, Andy, the upgrades have been pretty much consistent through the past probably 3 years. So no, in terms of company side P&L, there wouldn't really be anything incremental to that. 
Richard Carucci: Those numbers are basically the same as we -- for everyone. Those were the same numbers that we laid out for everyone in the New York meeting. So we haven't changed any of our expectations. 
Richard Carucci: On the Little Sheep, I really -- I'll remind a couple of things that I said.  Don't have a lot more to say, because again, we're busy both transitioning people in and quite frankly, figuring out exactly what we're going to do in several of the areas of the business. So really, as we mentioned, we know that 2011 didn't end on a strong point, but we really haven't done the diagnostics of what we're going to do to address that. But again, we feel very good about the category and the brand. Remind people, although hotsy [ph] are not well-known here, it's a $5 billion category in China. They're the leaders in that category, and we believe that the expertise that we bring plus the experience and the brand that they have will be a good long-term partnership. 
Richard Carucci: We really -- we've just started, so we feel good about what's happened so far but we haven't seen hard data on it now. The biggest thing to me is our -- to me, the leading indicator is going to be do franchisees who don't have it want it, based on how the franchisees who do have it. And I think it's too early to make that call. But that's obviously something we're going to keep in touch with during the course of the year. And a reminder, one of the reasons we went with this strategy is it's a lot more affordable for us and our franchisees from a labor standpoint. So to me, unless -- what we want to make sure of is that the -- that we're able to coming close to cover our costs by opening that hour or 2 earlier, and we think we have a very good chance to do it, which is why so many people signed up for it. 
Richard Carucci: I'd say it's pretty high across the board. I mean, labor inflation in China has been going on, really double-digit for a long period of time, but really ramped up about 2 years ago and especially the second half of 2010 and throughout 2011. So that's when we went and instead of seeing low double-digits, we were seeing high teens, even at 20% in the third quarter for us, for labor inflation in 2011. And it's pretty much across the board because the inflation, a lot of it's driven by increases in minimum wage. And the minimum wage increases have been in the mid teens recently, at the high teens, and so that's going to drive not just the lower group but pretty much everybody above them as well. And as we sort of said before, it's a dual sword for us because as people have more money on the positive side, they spend more and are able to afford our restaurants, but it gives us the cost to deal with. Our sense is that we may have more -- better labor inflation in 2012 than 2011. We sort of outlined that in our investor meeting. I think so far, what we've seen is consistent with that expectations. You've seen fewer markets increase their minimum wage at this -- versus at this point last year. So we're hoping to get back to mid-teen labor inflation in 2012. 
Richard Carucci: No. As David mentioned in his speech, one of the things that's been really a -- for me, a pleasant surprise is that we've been able to increase our number of college graduates, both college students and teen level. And as David mentioned now, over 90% of our restaurant general managers are college graduates. And five years ago, that number was  in I think about the 60% range. So we've been able to increase our quality at the same time we're adding restaurants. And I think part of that I think is unique to Yum!. I think people know that they're joining a company that's been very successful, and they've seen a track record of people who started at team members or restaurant general managers growing to senior management positions within company. So I think we probably have a better shot at that than some of the other players. 
Richard Carucci: Well, regarding, John, the first part of the question, one of the great things we've had in China is we still are -- we've been positive cash flow for at least 5 years there, even though we've continued to ramp up development there. In terms of capital as a percentage of revenues or cash flow, I think it's -- expect that to go up slightly. And the reason for that is that as we build all these units, we have to remodel them at that point. So I expect our new unit capital obviously moves with our growth. So at a certain area, that'll come down because we've sort of said that we expect new units as a percentage of the base to go down over time. But we expect the remodels to go up because capital-light market -- right now, if you go back 5 years, we were remodeling stuff that was 5 years old. So that was like 450 units at that point. Five years from now, we're going to be remodeling 656 units. So when you net those 2 out, I'd expect a slight increase in the percentages. In terms of what we'll do with our cash, we gave you a sort of our best guess at this point, still about $800 million of share buybacks. We feel very good with what we've done in the last couple of years on the debt side, John. Otherwise, we would be probably more aggressive to your point now. But we already sort of borrowed at very low rates in the last 2 years and feel very good about those rates. And at this point, we're probably looking at keeping our debt as a percentage of EBITDA constant. So as we could grow that, we'll increase debt. But like you say, we'll always keep looking at that because the rates are very strong. But no change is expected there. On France and Germany, we will have fewer company-owned restaurants going forward. For those of you who weren't in New York, Ivan Schofield talked about how -- we have -- he doesn't really want to get to over 100 company-owned units in France. So we'll probably stick fairly close, a little higher than the number we have today. However, it's still going to be a pretty high investment model because we've elected, in France, to go with -- well, we call the business rental model, which, is our understanding, pretty similar to what McDonald's has in France and Germany, where we hold the lease and we charge the franchisees a percentage of sales. It varies depending on the level of sales. So that will still be a capital-intensive market for us but less than company-owned stores. 
Richard Carucci: Yes, John. At this point, that's our intention. We've liked what we've seen so far with the business rental model in those countries. We think it facilitates growth, and we're comfortable sharing in the upside and downside of that market with the people, with our franchisees. 
