Charles McLaughlin: Yes. I think there's a few things when you look at the way you will get. One is there's normal seasonality between Q3 and Q4, so you get more volume there. There's also the year-on-year core growth that we got between 2% and 4%. And then there's the year-on-year whiffed of Gordian and Accruent and ASP. And I think those two things -- those three things get you to the year-on-year whiffed. The way I look at it is, when I look at it from year-on-year last year, I think we were at $0.91 at the -- I think the high-end of our guide we're talking about around 15% high-teens to 18% increase in the fourth quarter.
Charles McLaughlin: Certainly, so the main thing that -- first of all most the businesses are performing very well and delivering a lot of cash flow, but the big outlier here is ASP that we just recently acquired as part of the deal acquired deal that we signed. And we got no receivables NAP, so there is going to be this one-time hole as we refill that -- those receivables that can put us behind on cash flow, but except for that one time thing that will be roughly done halfway through Q3. I think that we see our ongoing free cash flow, growing roughly in line with the growth we see in adjusted earnings. 
Charles McLaughlin: Scott its Charles, couple of things that one, the whiffed you are seeing year-on-year is primarily about the amortization that was added as well as the deal cost that’s going on. So that's pretty close to 290 basis points. 
Charles McLaughlin: So for ASP on an annualize basis, I’m going to give you the end market numbers, it’s a little over $800 million this year maybe call it $820 million and I think that you asked about ISC, is it’s north of 200.
Charles McLaughlin: So nothing on core revenue, obviously. But I think the number -- I want to make sure you understand about the day two countries, that our distributors sets a little bit haircut from what we saw in our numbers. So I think that -- let me just get that number for you really quick now. And then I'll come right back to you.
Charles McLaughlin: No, so outside the U.S., ASP is still being managed by J&J. And they're acting as the distributor. So therefore while you'd expect us to have a little over $200 million in this quarter, because ASP takes a haircut off of their portion of it, say maybe a third of the business. This quarter, we had $167 million hit our reported numbers.
Charles McLaughlin: So I’d say one I don't think we have to hit them particularly hard. Are you talking about core operating margins, or you just want to…
Charles McLaughlin: Hey Andrew, this is Chuck. So, you're right, the pricing was good, but it was a little bit more it was offset by the slowing volume. Although down 140 basis points of core OMX in Q2 has sequentially improved from Q1, I would expect that -- if we -- first of all, if we hadn't had the slowdown, we probably would have been 100 basis points better in Q2 on OMX at PI. I would expect because we're going to start lapping some of the tariffs and continued discipline in FDS [ph] and improving margins that will continue to see sequential improvements from Q2 to Q3 and then again from Q3 to Q4. But I don't think it has -- it will get positive in Q3, but in Q4, I believe that PI has a good chance too.
Charles McLaughlin: I think I think we put in a lot of price last year. So I think we'll -- the price metric might be a little bit less first half to second half because of all the price we put in last year for the tariffs, but that'll be offset by the tariffs being in the comp. So I think you'll see, the difference between those two things probably isn't much, first half to second half.
Charles McLaughlin: Yes, that was contemplated in the deal from the 0:37:39. So we knew about that I think everybody there were happy with the deal we struck with them that was very fair but that wasn’t a port deal adjustment. 
Charles McLaughlin: Well, in the short run when it goes down as a detrimental. They're pretty consistent across around the world. There's not one margin that’s really that much different than the others. But they will in the short run go down over 50%.
Charles McLaughlin: And I think that when you will put numbers to that, I think Huawei was a little over $10 million, let’s called 1.25%. And then I think that -- and roughly KEITHLEY was down about twice that. 
Charles McLaughlin: Well, I think there is certainly volume always helps and can concierge. But also, what's in there is there's always one timers, both good and bad last year was probably a little easier compared the ebbs and flows. Try until it get to focused on any one quarter and back it up and just say, that business when it's growing well, 50 basis points is a good OMX number, but that can do just what they did this score. You see something stronger, I just remember that when goes to zero, one quarter doesn't mean anything either. So…
Charles McLaughlin: And that’s tracking that this year is why we're very excited. Yeah, we're encouraged it does playing out like we expected.
Charles McLaughlin: No, I think we were slightly -- I think for the year at 16% for 2019. So in 2020 16%, so probably pretty good -- is a good number to use. What's happened in the first half as some discrete items that are unique to Q1 and Q2 that drove it a little bit lower, but ongoing for a year 2020 is 16%.
James Lico: And I think relative to the businesses we’re acquiring and I would look at the software businesses are having a little bit more SG&A that typically goes with a higher gross margins. And even in the G&A they tend to have a little bit more IT expense because we have IT expense related to some of the capability that you built to house the data and all those things. So probably a little bit more estimated driven by a little bit more engineering, little bit more sales cost just because of direct selling, but the higher gross margin certainly pay for that. And if you're just purely look at G&A in some of the new businesses, particularly, the software businesses you tend to see a little bit more G&A because of a little bit more IT expense. But I think in general when you look at in ASP where businesses that look a little bit more like the business we have today, you see no reason why over time they would have a similar cost structure to what we've been able to achieve in other businesses.
James Lico: We have decent visibility on ASP, so as we get the business more in line, we get off of some of these transition service agreements. We will have a better ability to see into those channels with some of the key channel partners. In the neighborhood of how we see things in other parts of the portfolio. Some of the others, ISC we’re starting to achieve that as we continue to work with some of the similar channel partners that we have currently with other parts of Fortive. So ultimately we’ll have a little bit more visibility than we do today, but it won't reside with the kind of visibility say that we get at Fluke where we get a pretty decent chunk of the U.S. and European distribution channel partners.
James Lico: Well, I'll answer the second one, how does it get better I think is much a macro question probably as any right. That's a -- we really decided to put it to be prudent and not assume that it will get better in the second half, Andrew. More specifically, to your first question, I think we saw a more precipitous drop at Tek. Definitely it was channel destocking, but we also saw demand go down. We saw -- so I think from that standpoint, it was across all the product lines, there was certainly an automotive component to that. While that's -- so that's not an enormous exposure to us, but we do sell into the R&D labs of automotive and that was slower for sure. Just as one example of what we saw.  Relative to Fluke, I think it was -- we saw June drop in point-of-sale. And, to be honest with you, that's also reflected in how we think about the second half as well. So, and it was relatively broad based as well. So I think from that standpoint, it feels more macroeconomic, end user demand, if you will, then it feels just destocking. And, so I think that's how we're going to reflect that's what's reflected and how we see everything right now and we'll look for signs for improvement.  And, Steve asked how -- and how July looks and that kind of thing, and we're seeing nothing in July at this point that would tell us any different than where we're at right now. It's very early days in July as you know particularly in the U.S. because of the holiday week.
James Lico: Well, a couple things. We about 100 days about 100 some days, so we haven't quite finished it. But I've been pretty close to what we've seen and what we've been doing. So I think I've either been with ASP team, either with customers or with them, pretty much every week over the last several weeks. We'll see their 100 day here shortly. But I think at the end of the day, what we've seen is, is in some of it we really felt we saw in the quarter we really like the market position, it's very clear that the Terminal Sterilization aspects of the market are really important to the hospital, and our ability to sort of expand on that I think we see some real opportunities for FBS, particularly in sales force management, funnel management. We've put in a number of those tools here recently. I think we see a lot of supply chain opportunities which is consistent with how we saw some of the value creation. So I think strategically, the growth in China was something that we saw in the quarter. And we also think we have a good opportunity in China. That's an important part of how we'll see the future. So I think when you think about it, our U.S. position is good, our Terminal Sterilization position globally is good. And the high growth markets represent some opportunities are three important strategic priorities. But also the opportunity for FBS to add value is, I think, very consistent, probably even more than we thought. Although it's really early days, we have a lot of work, as we said in the prepared remarks, Deane, around getting through some of these transitions service agreements. So that's going to take us a little while, but we're really excited about the team there and our opportunity to work together with them to really create a really great business over time.
James Lico: We can tag team this one, I think the transition services agreement, we’ve got a lot of work between now and the end of the year. So I would say a big number -- while a lot of little things will occur between now and the end of the year. What we will start to see is that the takeover of a lot of those countries really starting to occur more accelerating into 2020. And as we said in the prepared remarks toward the end of the first half of 2020 is kind when we get this -- get that most of those things completed. So a lot of work between now and then, we took on Canada as a country that was just recently, but I think a lot of the work from here to the end of the year is really about to doing the spadework the foundational work to be set up systems and things like that. So, it's really good to be in 2020, where you start to see a number of those things occurring.
James Lico: And so Andy, the only lowering that we done is really about the slowing in our short cycle, primarily in PI. The acquisitions are all performing at or above what we expected. And there has been no change -- we’re not changing anything in our guide about that nor do we expect to. So I think that's the main point of your question.
James Lico: Not this year, they are -- we -- five months to go there is some deal costs associated with that, but no meaningful earnings up or down for those deals.
James Lico: Well I think it’s really two countries. And I think GVR -- the India story I think is very much one -- we won a significant number of tenders and it's just getting things through the contract process and really getting things installed and all that. So we have a very good color on the backlog and feel very good, I wouldn't read anything into the India thing and high growth markets growth year-to-date for Gilbarco is still growing. So it's really the second quarter dynamics of some things in India that are pushing. There is probably a little bit of slowing in China but that really has to do with just really substantial growth last year through the double wall tank upgrades and we’re still seeing some wins that will be in the second half. So we still see growth in China for Gilbarco for the year, but again a tender or two pushed into the quarter and that’s not unusual in this business quite frankly, for it happen in India and China at the same time maybe that's a little bit unusual. But we feel really confident about high-growth market growth for GVR in the year.
James Lico: I think when we get to the fourth quarter, some of our acquisitions, particularly, Gordian and Accruent are going to turn core and so that does help us against a more difficult comp for sure. And I think that in the third quarter, I think that there is easier comp to last year. But, we've got a little bit wider range than we normally talked about. So I think you can figure out how that might go up from -- we expected at this point from Q3 to Q4. But we're watching what's going on here pretty intently.
James Lico: Yes, there's a little bit there -- as I was just answering Andy's questions, where the India tenders falling, could help a little bit here and there. And so there's a little bit of where those fall. But I think as Chuck mentioned, as you said, a little bit tougher comp in the fourth quarter, but we really get a full quarter of Gordian and Accruent in the fourth quarter. So that sort of makes up for a little bit of that slightly tougher comp. But there's really no expectation regionally or by business of any big pickup within the year relative to core grow.
James Lico: Yes, as we said in the prepared remarks, we're really happy with the take rate and things that are going on there. And, were so far so good.
James Lico: Yes, you have a good memory. So March, it's really the -- particularly the Fluke point-of-sale trends. The Fluke point-of-sale trends turned up in March, and that made us feel pretty good about things and even in first part of April, they were pretty good. And they held in there a little bit through May. But they did slow a little bit, particularly in the U.S., or particularly in Europe, they slowed in June for sure a big time.  And what we also saw was just a more days' supply of inventory starting to change and channel partners starting to make some decisions around slowing sell in and even in cases where we might have had consistent sales out. We still saw people -- we typically see an inventory build first quarter to second quarter. So days' supply this is in Fluke days' supply typically goes up a little bit in the second quarter. And then -- and what we saw this year was not that at all. So clearly people were managing inventory tighter and I suspect it had a lot to do with the uncertainty. So in the case of Europe, we definitely saw sales out go pretty down pretty quickly in June. And in the case of U.S., we started down a little bit, but we saw sell in go slow down and weeks of supply pop-up. So we've put all of those assumptions into the second half.
James Lico: Yes, particularly when most of it was in June, John. Just a little bit more on that, we're really -- particularly in Fluke, we're really consistent around the world relative to margin structure. So when that stuff happens in the short run. We're obviously working very hard in June and right now to make sure that we improve those as we go through the year.
James Lico: Yeah so, what I would say first and foremost is you're right around the KEITHLEY really is, as you as you well know. KEITHLEY is very much -- has more semiconductor exposure than the tech as whole, and it has more electronics, manufacturing exposure, as well and More Asia exposure. And so I think the slowing at KEITHLEY was more broad based than just China and more than just semiconductors, but very much, I would say an Asia story. And the Asia, sort of electronics manufacturing story where we saw the slowing. And exactly right it was Huawei, it's mostly R&D tools, and mostly scope. So our check go through the math. I think the one thing we were very pleased with, as I said in the prepared remarks was the strength of scopes, particularly in the midrange. We continue to grow our sole scope platform, if you will particularly the new platform very well.
James Lico: So two thirds and three quarters of the miss is those two. And then the other rest of it is really Western Europe, kind of broadly defined.
James Lico: And if you look at the segment of Matco had a good quarter as well. And obviously that's a good business for us. So I think the other part of the story probably is we saw some nice -- saw some good things in Matco this quarter as well. 
James Lico: Yes, so I would say we look at a couple things. And Gordian and Accruent a little bit different. And maybe we'll talk about eMaint as well. And eMaint would have a little bit more industrial exposure. But as you know with these high recurring revenue businesses, they're not going to necessarily move tomorrow kind of stuff. And so, what we're really looking is the new order bookings, the new customer bookings, to see as we said on the case of eMaint, we had very significant new customer bookings. So we're really looking at new customer bookings, because that's going to move the needle down the road. We're looking at churn to see if customers are canceling. Sometimes in an economic slowdown, you might start to see people say, well, I don't need all of this, I'll maybe use less seats or whatever, for lack of a better term. So we're looking at those metrics very closely. And quite frankly the people in those businesses are looking at them every day. So when you look at those metrics, and that's why we mentioned some of the things like iNet new bookings are really good. So, we’re really looking for these high recurring revenue businesses, we're really looking at those annual bookings numbers, and we're looking at the average contract value, what we call ACV, and we're looking at churn. And we look at those three metrics to really understand what is it really gives us a good view of how the business is going to be in a couple quarters.
James Lico: Yeah, well, I hate to comment anything in the near-term, and quite frankly, we commented on near-term, because some of the deals we were talking about, we've obviously closed in the last 30 days. We're really -- and maybe I'll use the last few as an example, we're incredibly pleased at the deals we got done. The -- this quarter, I mean, when you look at, obviously ASP is a transformational business for us in many respects. And we're really excited about that. You look at the two businesses, two years ago, we bought ISC, because we're really excited about this, the workflows around safety, and now we close two deals that one is a bolt-on safer systems. It really helps them really gives us a new set of modules to sell on top of the iNet platform and then Intellects really gives us a great new adjacent market for EH&F [ph] software.  So we’re really well positioned in the workflows one with a bolt-on the other with an adjacency. And then obviously proof technique, a classic bolt-on for Fluke significantly raises our game and condition monitoring and gives us a team that's incredibly experienced at understanding condition monitoring particularly around vibration. So that's -- those are those are the kinds of deals that are still in the funnel and I think what we've done in the second quarter and early in the third is really when I talk about is a great example of when I talk about breath of the funnel John, we're really -- and that funnel continues to have good breath. Obviously very much in field solutions this quarter, in particular the last three I just mentioned, but we feel good about the funnel and the breadth of the funnel.
James Lico: Well there’ll be -- so couple of things, I'm not sure I caught the last part about the teams of ASP on EBITDA, but I think when we get to the other side, which is the nature of your question, in the starting out in the mid-20s is a good place for us to be mid to upper 20s is I think where we're going to go. I think that there’ll be some accretion from TSAs in the back half of the year. I think we closed Canada, but that's not a -- they're going to start slow and then they're going to pick up speed. Fourth quarter, there'll be a little bit of whiffed and then continue to accelerate closing more of those in Q1 and Q2 of next year. So that's the day two country TSAs and then there's an IT system that stand up, and that's not a gradual, that's more of a cut over, that'll happen sometime in the first half of next year.
James Lico: We're really carving a business right out of ASP. So with that we're recreating more than just the RA QA systems but also several of the other systems in the business, like the financial system, ERP, a lot of those things we already have, but in other places we're adding -- we're creating those things. We're re-creating what they have. So, that's a good part of it, but it's spadework we’ve got to get done. 
James Lico: I think when we look at -- as I said that the changes that we saw and really we’re talking about PI here. We saw a little bit slowly in the U.S. it's probably too early to tell whether or not the first couple of weeks of July have really seen a difference. I would say we've seen consistently in Europe and what we saw in June we’re still seeing so that's probably color and China probably similar story. We haven't seen anything that would tell us that the things are moving around to the good or that are getting more negative at this point. But I caveat that with July is generally the first part -- first two weeks, first three weeks of the quarter aren’t always the best view of things. Certainly, as we have a few more weeks here we’ll have a better sense.
James Lico: I would say end market exposure generally is some folks have more 5G exposures, as an example and they maybe more tied to the 5G market, but I think we were pretty consistent with our [indiscernible] business over the last two or three years at least in our case, we’ve been growing. So it’s been on the backs of the investments we made on the new platform and we just launched the three and four series. And so that's now I think two years of launches that we had this was our third launch we did the five series two years ago around this time, we did the sixth series about a year ago. Now the three and four. And those product lines are all growing and are continuing to deliver growth. So end market exposure will maybe push those numbers up a little bit more, certain customers that kind of things. So I don't dive into the details of what others say in this case, I can only tell you with great confidence what's happening in our business.
James Lico: Yes, I think we're really happy with the tritium investment that we made. I was actually out in Europe a couple months ago with our sales team make calling on customers in Europe. We announced in May our relationship with Identity [ph] where I had met with them, which is I think a great relationship and a great partnership for fast charging. We just got a very large order in the UK to be the largest supplier of chargers in the UK to box energy over the next several years. We’ve announced 2,500 charging locations over the next several years. So we’re really happy with the relationship and exposure we’re certainly learning the market from them, they’re a great team, we’re also exposing them to new customer base and at the same time, our investment is helping fund some of the operational improvements that are going to be helpful to building the business long-term.  So, we feel very good about position. I think we all know EV is probably aren’t going to happen as fast as maybe we thought a few years ago, but I think the position we’re in and the place were in right now, we’re certainly seeing accelerated growth and accelerated position through the partnership with tritium.
James Lico: Thanks, Jason. And thanks, everyone, for taking the time today. We appreciate all your support. And the time you take to understand our story. As we highlighted in May, we are incredibly proud of the work we're doing to change the portfolio. And I think we saw a lot of great transformation really play out in the quarter for us. And we're certainly excited about some of the new things we've done around the capital allocation front with several of the new companies that will join the Fortive family. We realized that the second quarter was a lower macroeconomic environment for us, I would call it a little bit of higher uncertainty, and some slowdown that we talked about. And so we've been prudent we believe in the second half to really make sure we're managing the business both for the long-term, and also continuing to deliver outstanding EPS growth and free cash flow. So we thanks -- we think we're in a very good position right now. And while we're not trying to predict the outcome of what the next couple of quarters will be from an economic standpoint, we think we're well prepared for what's out there. We'll obviously continue to have conversations around that and obviously, Griffin and Chuck and our team are available for questions after the call. Thank you and have a great rest of the summer. Thanks, Jason.
