Chuck McLaughlin: Thanks Jim, and hello everyone. I will begin on Slide 11 with a quick recap of our first quarter performance. We generated year-over-year, total revenue growth of 9.3% with core growth of 5.3%. Acquisitions, net of FX were as expected contributing four points to total growth. Turning to the right side of the slide. Jim covered the segment highlights earlier, and I wanted to provide some additional color on the regions. North America revenue was up high single digit, including low teens growth in software and related services. Partially offset by lower consumable volumes at ASP. Western Europe revenues grew mid-single-digit more than offsetting year-over-year declines in advanced healthcare solutions driven by a difficult COVID-related as compare at Invetech, that said we had good growth at ASP despite capital and installed delays in the region. We have low-double-digit growth in Asia, outside of China. While China revenues declined low teens driven by the impact of the COVID-related lockdowns. Note, that we continued to build backlog in China with high teens order growth in the first quarter, thus reinforcing our outlook for double-digit revenue growth for the remainder of the year. On Slide 12, we show operating performance highlights for the first quarter. Adjusted gross margins were 57.6% increasing by 60 basis points year-over-year, while adjusted operating margins increased to 23% in line with our guidance. We realized over 300 basis points of price in the quarter more than offsetting inflation, yielding 30 basis points of core operating margin expansion and 250 basis points on a two year stack. Adjusted earnings per share increased 11% to $0.70. While free cash flow generation of $196 million represented a stronger than normal conversion of adjusted net income in the first quarter. The strong, free cash flow performance included an improvement in the timing of receivables collections representing a normalization of the trends we saw in the fourth quarter. Turning now to the guidance Slide 13 and starting with the second quarter. We expect low to mid single-digit core revenue growth, which includes a headwind of approximately $40 million from the COVID-related government shutdowns in Shanghai, which we expect to subside in mid-May. Adjusted operating profit margins are expected to be up at least 80 basis points year-over-year. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.70 to $0.73 assumes a 15% tax rate in the quarter and free cash flow conversion of adjusted net income is expected to a increase to approximately 100%. For the full year 2022, we are raising the low end of our revenue guidance by $40 million to reflect the strong start to our year. We continue to expect adjusted operating profit margins for the full year to be up over a 100 basis points. Adjusted EPS is now in the range of $3.4 to $3.13 up 11% to 14% and free cash flow conversion of approximately a 105% for the full year. Moving to Slide 14, we are expecting a 48-52 split of revenue first half to second half, which represents a step up of approximately $255 million of revenue and includes favorable price and FX, first half to second half, in addition to higher volumes supported by a robust backlog position and the work we’ve done to mitigate supply chain constraints across our portfolio. We also expect to recover lost China volumes as a result of the government mandated lockdowns in the first half shifting more revenue to the second half. Incremental margins on a sequential volume are expected to flow through at attractive levels, contributing to strong margin performance in the second half. In summary our portfolio continues to show the benefits of the actions we have taken to build a more, a durable growth company with high recurring revenue profile, mitigating the risk of slowing demand in the second half. With that, I’ll pass it back to Jim for some closing remarks.
Chuck McLaughlin: Yes, so Julian a couple of things first, if well, revenues were flat from Q4 to Q1, but really there was, we brought on service channel that didn’t have the same I’m sorry, probation, I mean into that mix, but when you look at Q1 to Q2. I think that there’s merits and things that come in, but Q2s margins are up 80 basis points over the prior year and really showing those 40% incrementals in Q2. And then as we move through the year, we see more revenue coming through not even having it come through probably around 50% incremental margins on the step up and volume plus things like the service channel and become margins will increase as we go through the year and also probably get a little bit more consumables. We expect to have more consumables in the second half; all these things build towards that margin expansion. Having said that, a tough environment, 23% in line operating profit margins for Q1 is up 30 basis points. And given everything that went on, we feel pretty, we feel very good about where the start to the year.
Chuck McLaughlin: So Deane, it is really not a customer issue at all. As we mentioned, we’ve got really strong backlog. It’s just about, the rock rolling block downs in Shanghai, particularly in having the factory open and being able to produce, that we’ve done a great job of getting material in and available and improving supply chains, but we need those lockdowns to end. And it’s function of how many days it’s locked down. That’s how we’re calculating the impact
Chuck McLaughlin: So, Jeff its Chuck. For Q1, our core operating margin expansion is up 30 basis points. So as a percentage basis, we’ve talked about the dollars being up. But certainly we saw real margin expansion. We continue to see that accelerate as we go through the year. And so that the – was it true for everyone? It’s true in PT, but we were down a little bit and in at AHS down – I think about 40 basis points, which is on the slide deck.
Chuck McLaughlin: So 85 was Q2 – Q1, excuse me. And obviously I have got correctly better through the quarter. So I think we’re probably in a couple basis points better in the second quarter. And then obviously probably starts to approach 90 as we get through the second half of the year. So still early, Omicron was an influence in January and February, particularly in the U.S. But we expect now to really to see gradual improvement. And we’re seeing some green shoots, we’re starting to see some hospitals that are now over a 100% from the 2019 levels. So, it’s a combination of sort of competence gets built on the overall number, but also kind of looking through the detail to understand, what hospital networks and where they’re at. And we’re starting to see some of those numbers where, hospitals are getting in much better shape as they progress through the quarter.
Jim Lico: Thanks, Chuck. I’ll now start to wrap up on Slide 15. Over the last six years, we have articulated a portfolio strategy to build a more resilient, less cyclical business capable of outperforming and even the most difficult of times. The Fortive portfolio of today is a reflection of how well we’ve executed that playbook. Our acquisitions have added approximately $2.3 billion of revenue to Fortive as of 2022, which is expected to grow low-double-digits this year. And in doing so, we’ve doubled the through cycle core growth of the company versus the time of the spin-off from Danaher in 2016. We have also more than doubled recurring revenue as a percentage of our total revenue to approximately 40% and built a portfolio of software enabled workflow solutions, which is approaching $1 billion of revenue and continues to enhance our long term competitive advantage. In addition, the businesses we have added to Fortive have been an important contributor to the more than 1000 basis points of gross margin expansion that we have driven since 2016. In short Fortive of today is delivering higher and more profitable growth. And there’s nowhere that this shows up more than in our free cash flow. Lastly on Slide 16 that strong free cash flow, which is nearly doubled since 2019, continues to be a hallmark of our investment thesis, compounding faster than revenue and earnings and allowing us to accelerate growth and compound returns through discipline capital deployment. 2022 is off to a great start. As the outperformance in Q1 reinforces our focus on sustained growth and execution leveraging the power of FBS, which will always be a part of who we are? And how we do? What we do? We expect another year of double-digit earnings and free cash growth on track to deliver on the multi-year targets set last year with differentiated growth and profitability amongst our industry peers. As a result, we’re confident, the work we do to create long-term sustainable competitive advantages for our operating companies, the strategic segments we yield best-in-class returns for Fortive for long time to come. With that, I’ll turn it back to Elena.
Jim Lico: Yes, Steve its Jim. First of all, I think commercially, we think the business was it had a very good quarter orders were up double-digit in the quarter. And despite the shutdowns that started in a various cities at the beginning of the quarter, we really didn’t see a lot of impact relative to our commercial activities. Point of sale still good throughout the quarter. So from a commercial perspective, we’ve pivoted like as an example, when we had to have folks work from home, we did that in 2020, so that was an easy process. So the real impact was really just to the manufacturing facility in Shanghai that we described in the prepared remarks and was really not really a commercial issue relative to commercial activity, really just a function of the fact that, that our factory, the Tek factory, and as well as our industrial scientific factory were shut down and our logistics providers were shut down as well.
Jim Lico: Yes, well I think number one, in the short run, give kind of our backlog position, we would be in very good shape as an example, if we saw the sort of a slowdown, that some businesses saw in 2019, we would weather that storm with the backlog without an issue. We would just dip into the backlog more than we anticipate in this guide. So in that sense, we’ve got much more of an insurance policy going into the second half more broadly, as you remember. I think our, even when we see something more dramatic, like we did in Q2 of 2020, we had outstanding free cash flow, then we had obviously protected our gross margins extremely well. And it, with a high gross margin number, we can flex expenses pretty well in the medium term, which we demonstrated in 2020. So I think those are some of the levers. And then the last thing would just be, we’d lean on the 40% of recurring revenue in the healthcare side of the business, which, we’re going to be in a healthcare resurgence here, I think because of COVID. And it’s really not going to be economically impacted. It’s really going to be all the things we’ve described. And I’m sure we’ll talk a little bit more about, so I think, we certainly don’t want the recession in any way, shape or form, but I think we’ve built the portfolio for the last five or six years with anticipation that inevitably something like that might happen. And we’d be far more resilient relative to our business model in which to be able to handle a situation like that.
Jim Lico: What’s interesting, Julian is European orders were good. I would say so I think as we look around the world and I’ll stick to the orders or order question obviously continued improvement in orders, I like the fact that when we look at things like U.S. POS or Fluke and Tek as an example, that those numbers were in line with POS or order growth was pretty close to our sales out. So, I think we feel very good about the durability of the order pattern at this point. The numbers are slow on a real basis simply in the second half, simply because of the two year stack and things like that. But I think as you look at the progression of strength that remains there, we saw a little bit of advanced buying at blue for some ahead of a price increase. So there’s a little bit of that but that’s all inherent in our guide. And I think we you know, we built, as we said, 130 million in backlog. So I think what you really look at is the durability is good. Some of the order strength that sensing is real was advanced ordering for the second half. We saw some large customers are put in the orders for the second half. So, I think we have a good sense of what’s advanced ordering and what’s really real time demand. And we base that against a number of the things that we’re looking at channel inventories are in pretty good shape, little bit of elevation, but not anything that we would be alarmed, certainly within demand of what they typically be at. So, I think out in balance, when we look at the hardware businesses, we’re certainly looking for signs of things that might suggest to slow down or anything like that. I think thus far we’ve yet to see that and feel good about the backlog situations that we’re in our ability to sort of deliver on that. So if the order rate were to go down as an example, like I said, on Steve’s question, if the order rate were to go down in the second half, then we would just dip into the backlog, which in the current guide is we’re not planning to do much of.
Jim Lico: Yes. So thanks, Andrew. I think number one is, what we saw in the quarter were some nice examples of getting after a number of the things relative to some of the supply chain constraints that we’ve described, obviously for a few quarters here. And to be just consistent with what I’ve said pretty much for the last nine months, we really never anticipated the supply chain issues would go away in 2022, what we anticipated and what I think what we saw in the quarter and will continue to see is the impact of our countermeasures. And so, you saw that at Fluke with their growth rate, as one example, certainly Sensing Tech performance in the quarter, which was outstanding, both on the top line and bottom line as another good example of that. And quite frankly, we would’ve seen more of that at Tektronix, if it hadn’t been for the shutdown in Shanghai in the last week. So a number of examples of progress in the quarter relative to those challenges. So not from a lack of challenges, but just the power of FBS to countermeasure those challenges will continue to see that as the year progresses. As you mentioned, what some of the things that’ll, provide that volume in the second half, some of that is just kind of normal, normal seasonality. We just tend to see things go out a little bit more in the second half. Some of that is U.S. government buying in the third quarter. Some of it is year-end stuff. So some of its inherent in that we’re going to see consumables get better, the elective procedures get better. We’ll see ACV growth continue to sequentially improve in our software businesses. And then as I described, we’ll see some continued improvement at Fluke Tech and at Sensing Tech, which I think we demonstrated in the first quarter. And we’ll continue to demonstrate through the remaining part of the year and into 2023.
Jim Lico: Yes, sure. I think number one is if we look at tax performance in the quarter, you never like to say if China hadn’t had, but the reality is we had an unanticipated shutdown of a manufacturing facility in the last week of the quarter, if we shipped some of that, that volume roughly $15 million, you’re into a good growth rate for Tek. And I think that just represents the progress we’re making, but you’re right. A sophisticated supply chain, for sure. We’ve got good partnerships with a number of large scale semiconductor manufacturers who supply a number of key components. We’re redesigning some things that are going to occur in the second and third quarter. So, I think we look at the tangible actions that are in place, the progress that we’ve made thus far, and the confidence in those, in that progress going forward. So those are really and this is not in a theoretical level. This is really, we talked about the conversion obeyas [ph] and some of the daily visual management and part of FBS. This is literally walking into those obeyas and having a sense or the actions, pressure testing and like we would under any kind of operating review that we do every month. And really what comes out of that is a higher degree of confidence as we progress through the year. Chuck and I were with the Tek team down at Beaverton a few weeks ago, I guess it was more than that now. And you know, literally walk us through the factories, seeing the actions and what the team’s doing and that’s where that confidence comes from.
Jim Lico: Yes, I think we have a – first of all, we had a good quarters in both businesses. I think we’re, we mentioned in the fourth quarter call about, we were starting to see traction with some of the countermeasures and actions that we were happening in the Accruent. I think we just seen, we continue to see those things. It’s a consistent message from what we said in our last call. Olumide is doing a really, really great job with him and the team I think in making progress. And so that’s a multi quarter continued improvement, but we’re starting to see the green shoots and their efforts. And obviously you see that in the quarter. Gordian had a fabulous quarter across many, many ways their JOC Solution was up over 20%, I think. So just a very good quarter and really across their product line. That’s just a, I think just a continued strength of that business that we’ve seen for some time. And the combination of those two businesses is really performing well right now, as you know, we’ve moved some product lines between businesses. So it’ll slow a little bit in the second quarter because of a comp that we had a Gordian last year where they had a, some finishing of contracts that of job order contracting that was some upside in the second quarter last year, but in the base business and kind of on a two year stack, we’re seeing good performance Q1 to Q2 sequentially with the common in those businesses for sure.
Jim Lico: Well, I think we had probably about 300 basis points of price if I remember in the quarter, I think if I remember that number right. And I think it was, we had good price across the board. We’ll probably see a part of, you obviously saw it in the bridge. There’s I think $20 million more of price in the bridge first half to second half. So you’re seeing, you’re going to see a little bit more price in the bridge. So, I think on balance, we’re continue to see good traction with price and a good balance between price and volume as well. So, I think we’re certainly getting price in price cost. I think the idea that we grew gross margins by 60 basis points in the quarter, I don’t know a lot of companies that grew gross margins in this environment and for us to grow gross margins in the quarter, I think is just a real testament to the high quality work we mentioned on the slide, the price realization work, and the price kaizen that we do really, continuing to demonstrate our ability to get price, but also quite frankly, our ability to still maintain and deliver value to customers.
Jim Lico: Thanks, Nigel. And I didn’t answer your second question. So the second part of that question, which is that will improve, as I said, $20 million in the second half, we would believe that there’s, that just demonstrates, I think the continued success that we would have relative to those kaizen in. So, we’re going to continue to do a lot of those events through the remaining part of the year. Not assuming that inflation does anything, but either stay the same or maybe even get worse. We want to be ahead of the game and proactive on the price game. Emma, go ahead.
Jim Lico: And customer specific orders to your question around detail, Deane, this is not, this is really looking at orders that are on hand on the books, in some cases, products that are already sitting in the factory just need to go out.
Jim Lico: Well, I think the story of certainly the 40, we talked about is the China story certainly inherent in the way we talked about our backlog is that, we continue to have a very robust backlog, but of course, that means that customers are always getting the products in the timeframe that they necessarily want them. In some cases where it’s distribution, that might be going into distributor inventory. I think the stat we look at in that case is we look at the amount of time to fill meaning what is our, if we’re missing an order from an on time perspective, how much time does it take for us to fill it on to the time that the customer requested and those numbers aren’t getting better? So, I think, first thing we look at is that time to fill after that, then we look at the on time delivery. So those numbers are starting to get better. We’re in customer conversations all the time in situations. So throughout those conversation around backlog, we’re having conversations with customers about, how do we help them be more successful? And I think what’s been good about that is I think we continue to see share gain opportunities and have seen share gain across the portfolio in a number of those cases. So, I think that suggests that we’re doing a nice job of managing those challenges.
Jim Lico: Yes. Great question. I think number one, we don’t, I think what our bias is a balance and think, we’re going to be deal dependent in the sense of what comes available. It’s hard to say with relative to the funnel hardware or software balancing act versus what becomes available, what we’ve been working towards and that kind of thing. So, I would say at any point in time, it’s going to look like we have a bias, but I think over a longer period of time, you see that balance kind of coming out. So, I’ll stay away from committing to that balance because some of it is very much asset dependent. I think we probably are biased more towards bolt-on kinds of deals right now, I would say. I think given where we just did two great deals on probation and service channel, as we met that in the prepared remarks, they’re out of the gate and out doing really well. And we certainly see an opportunity to do a number of kinds of deal, the breadth and depth of the funnel. But if you have to sort of think about, there’s probably a slight bias towards the bolt-on or two here, in the near term, at least relative both into the transformation, I think it’s interesting, Chuck and I have talked a lot about this with, if you look at the segment structure today, we’re only 12 months into that segment structure. And I think when you look at it, and you look at the power of what the segments have delivered this quarter. I think you could only look at that and say, we must be in the final, final innings of a transformation because it, the performance is so strong across the board and the opportunity is so great with $40 billion worth of serve market. So you never say never. That’s why we do strategic plans every year. That’s why we sit down with the board on a regular basis to talk about performance, but I think where we stand right now, we feel very good about where we’re at and it’s spring. So we’re always optimistic as baseball fans, but I think at the end of the day, we feel really good about the portfolio right now. And I think as you look at the guide for the remaining part of the year, and you start to see how the full your stacks up segment-to-segment strong growth, strong margin expansion with great free cash flow performance, I mean, all three segments are going to be strong contributors supported.
Jim Lico: Yes, we did a 100 day plan with the team actually last week and could not have been more excited about the work that they did, the quality of the business and the degree of growth opportunities. They’re certainly out of the gate well ahead. We’ll see where they end up the year. It’s still early, but we feel really good about where the business is at. We mentioned the prepared remarks about the, the number of GI wins and as well as their extension, one of their largest orders in the history of the company with in anesthesia solution. So we’re seeing those additional strategies. We’re seeing the strength of the clinical superiority. We feel really good about the business, and the ability for that business to grow. I think in the short run, like we thought in the long run, I’m starting to think maybe even better just given the number, the strength of the strategic plan, but strategies are just PowerPoint slides. We’ve going to go out and execute. And I like our chances with the team we have.
Jim Lico: So Scott, we’re talking about the ROI returns and I think that for it would be doubling, say 4% to 8%. It’s probably a good way to think about that. That doesn’t mean we think most of our deals are getting to the 10% ROI in five years, and we’re very pleased with progress, but coming out with the last couple years, we feel like we’re inflecting here and we’re going to start seeing more from these deals and that’s what we’re trying to talk about.
Jim Lico: I think it what we saw in the quarter and what you’ll see, maybe just add on and Chuck spot on here. I think, the legacy deals, the ones we did early, right eMate and IFC and Landauer doing outstanding. Some of that medium term, you’re starting to see, Gordian’s trajectory, just take off your, Intelex had a strong quarter. Accruent, as I mentioned in the question around continuing to improve and SP with really strong margins and ready for consumables to come back, it helped care changes. So, and certainly the last two deals we’ve done as I described. So, I think we’re in a great place relative to returns. And this inflection is obviously we’re excited about, I think it put a lot of hard work into it. I think we’re in a really good place relative to those doesn’t mean we won’t have an issue or two, but I think what we’ve seen certainly in the last several quarters, as well as these inflections have started to happen in the businesses.
Jim Lico: Yeah. So, let’s talk about, let’s break them up. I think Tek certainly has a refresh coming in a couple of product lines. We mentioned the five series. I don’t want to, I don’t want to ruin their, their announcements here, but we’ll start to see in the second and third quarter, some announcements around things that they’re coming out with. So we’ll – inherent in that sort of step up in from the first half to the second half probably is some new product introductions in the – at Tektronix, it’s hard to sort of say what’s backlog reduction? What’s new product? I mean, I sort of put those, but we will see good product refresh. Some of that refreshing quite frankly, comes with some changes in chips as we were doing some things relative to component changes, and so decided to make some improvements to the product as well. So, I think at Tek we’re going to see nice. We don’t anticipate much by way of backlog reduction at Tek in the year consistent with what we’ve been saying before. And, but I think the business is going to be in very good shape. We said, as we said, the China situation very much an independent situation relative to just Shanghai overall growth and the rest of the world was very – was good, and should continue to improve through the year. Relative to Fluke. Fluke’s kind of always a little bit of a – has a pretty broad product line. So there’s really no one product that necessarily moves the needle. But they will – they do have some things that are going on in terms of new clamps and some acoustic imaging, things like that are coming through that’ll probably be more back half. But unlike Tek where one product category can make a difference typically at Fluke, it takes that that is – they just have a broader product line to the nature of the business. So, but we do, we will get a little bit of backlog reduction at Fluke this year, I suspect. But again, they’ll end the year as well in a good position for 2023. So, both businesses showed, demonstrated success against their countermeasures relative to challenges in the quarter. And inherent in what we think about the year will be the continued – those continued countermeasures will continue to have impact for the business.
Jim Lico: Well, every deal has its story, but I would say typically it takes longer. Our conversations here recently in a couple of situations probably would suggest that, and as transactions that we’ve watched occur would suggest that things are still I would say things haven’t changed much. So, I would anticipate that’s more of a second half early, 2023 real impact. Some deals will have different situations and be certainly be situational dependent. But I think at the end of the day, just more broadly about how we think about things, I would say, it’s, we’re probably still waiting a little bit more until some of the – maybe some of the uncertainties that we’ve seen recently sort of find their way to kind of know in the natural direction of what that might be interest rates being one of them the macro, some of those things.
Jim Lico: Yes, I think, it’s something we spend a lot of time on Josh, obviously when you build a another 130 million in backlog, like we did in the first quarter, obviously a topic of conversation every month with our operating reviews, with the Presidents and CFOs, I would say I’d break it into a few places within Fortive. And our Sensing Tech businesses, we have a real sense of what it looks like. And what we’re seeing is, we are seeing some orders being placed for like November shipments and things like that. That’s not double ordering. That’s just somebody wanting to say, Hey, I want to get in the queue for deliveries for that kind of thing. And so in the case of Sensing Tech, I think we have a good sense of the backlog. We don’t see double ordering, little bit of people trying to get around some pricing, but at the end of the day, that backlog will flow in and it will flow out and we’re confident with that. On the Tek side, 50% of the business is direct and we can very much see those customers and their use cases and their needs and we’ve tested that pretty profusely feel very good about that. The channel inventory then and that’s about, a little, little bit less than half of Tektronix revenue and close to 75% or 80% of Fluke’s revenue. That’s where we get into looking at point of sale data. Where are those trends going? What do inventory positions look like? What do they have on order? And we have a sort of methodology and calculation that we use from an analytical perspective to test that. And what we see today is in those, we don’t see anything getting out a range. And so point of sale remains good, inventories remain in a good place. And there’s no natural increases that, that if you sort of play around with the analytics where things would go haywire quickly. And that’s what we watch. And we watch it consistently. We get – we get a little bit better more refined data in the U.S. and Europe and some of those things that we do in the rest of the world, but that’s how we test the portfolio. And I think when you step back and say, what does that all tell you? We’d say the natural demand patterns are good. The inventory levels are not substantive relative to natural numbers. And what’s on order doesn’t significantly increase their inventory at any time soon. So that’s what makes us feel pretty good about the near term. And I would say, that informs our guide. It gives us the confidence, we’ll start the second half with good backlog. And so if we saw some changes in some of those demand patterns, you might see a – you might see a little cancellation, although, and I would say historically, we haven’t seen a lot of that.
Jim Lico: Well, I think it’s great to be in facilities and asset lifecycle management from a software perspective, because it really, the combination of what we’re doing is ServiceChannel and Accruent. And to some extent, Gordian are they supports hybrid work and supports the kinds of changes they’re going to occur in facilities over time to support collaboration and the kinds of things that people want to do as people come back into the offices, not full time, but, from time to time. So, I think that trend in that secular, driver’s going to be out there for years. It’s well documented and we’re very in the early innings of those transformations. And so I think, on balance we’re back, our customers are in many cases back, we’re back at hospitals. We’re – there’s times when our service revenue trying to get customers on site to get things service can take a little bit longer. But as we mentioned in a couple of places, we’re starting to see the opportunity to compress those timelines from when we come on site to help start up a customer as an example, whether it be in a hardware, software business and the time to value. So, we’re starting to see those come down at the people come back to work, come back into the office, come back into the facilities. So, I think on balance inherent in sort of our natural trajectory of the business is some of these things happening, and being helpful to how we how we conduct business.
Jim Lico: Yes. Great questions. I think on basis, we announced, a lot of the prepared remarks, we tried to highlight a number of places, where new logos are occurring. And I think quite frankly, we had – I think we had our largest, I think one of our largest iNet [ph] deals in the history of the company at ISC, we had one of our largest, I think we had the largest anesthesia procedures, procedures order at probation. So a number of places where new logos. We’re in a good place relative to new logo growth in the quarter. And I think when you look at where our software growth was, I think our low-double-digit teens and low-double-digit growth in SaaS and our team’s growth in software, that’s going to stand up. I think against a lot of software players looked at a few folks that reported today, even in and feel really good about where that double-digit number’s going to stand up relative to others. That’s also helpful because our net dollar retention continues to improve on the backs of churn reduction. And so I think we’re in a really good place to continue to improve net dollar retention. Our FBS efforts are making a difference there. And I think – and I think that some of that is also getting a little bit more price. So, we’re still getting more price in hardware businesses to the second part of your question, John, we think we’re in a good place relative to that. And I think the balance, we didn’t talk about this, but in our hardware business is that good balance of probably about 50% price, 50% volume in our growth, I think is an outstanding balance. It really demonstrates the strength of our brands, the strength of our value propositions. So we think that’s going to play out this year and obviously we’re getting the price that’s inherent and some of the inflationary challenges that we’ve documented, but we’re also driving tremendous value with customers that ultimately is driving our volumes. So anyway, I think, I I’ll end it there. Thanks everybody for great call today. I think we’re incredibly proud of the quarter we had. We’re incredibly excited about 2022. We’ve said this was a show me year, and I think we just did that. So, we’ll look forward to your follow up questions. We’ll talk to you soon and we’ll see you on the road. Thanks.
