Jim Lico: Yes. Exactly, maybe a little bit. ISC, first and foremost, will be a separate operating company for us but will clearly have some synergy with the Fluke team. Rest in the team have really seen some opportunities to really combine this sort of what we view – what we deem is the term safetenance, which is to really take the maintenance professionals, it’s really a core part of the Fluke business and make sure that they have all the safety equipment that’s just core to the technologies at iNet, at ISC. So there’s certainly a nice synergy there that the team’s working on. And with Landauer, they’re real positioned in the hospital with radiation services, really goes well with a number of product technologies that we have in the Fluke biomet business, probably more directly synergistic with that business. So certainly, some synergies there. So great business, it’s independent, really but we also make sure we take advantage of a number of the synergies. We’re off to a great start at ISC as I said in the prepared remarks. Just closed Landauer, but we’re really excited to have them on the team as well.
Jim Lico: Probably a little bit different. We like to – this portion of the gap, as you know, several of our peer companies have rolled up several safety companies, but we really see ISC as very different gas detection play, really focus more on their recurring revenue model and how they really go-to-market really is directed at specific kind of customer that really marries well with the Fluke customers. So probably less of a roll up strategy directly within the product technology. But some opportunities to sort of build on the software and data analytics capability that we have within the portfolio today or might add to the portfolio down the road. And same will be true for Landauer as well.
Jim Lico: So yes, first, maybe more broadly around where we’re at with Gilbarco Veeder-Root. We had a good quarter. They did the sell-off double-digit growth. And as you know, Julian, we’ve had double-digit growth in that particular part of the market for number of years here. So little bit of slowing in North America, but we think that probably accelerates a little bit into the fourth and into the first quarter. So break down, low single-digits in the fourth and maybe slightly worse than that. But that probably persist into the first quarter, and then we’ll sequentially get better through the year. We still think Gilbarco can grow in 2018. So still an opportunity for margin expansion in the business with that sort of growth profile. And they’ve obviously done an exceptional job thus far. So that we had a great quarter into Spencers around the world, one of our best quarters I think that we’ve ever had. So a very strong quarter for us and as we see globally, I think, I never take stock into what’s happened in the first couple of weeks or anything like that. So I think we’ll see a little bit of flowing here for a little bit, but as we look at the market, we have – this is one of those things where because we have such connections with the top 300 customers. We have a pretty good sense of what they’re going to be doing here. So as we look at things, we certainly see a little bit of an air pocket here for the next couple of quarters, but we’re still pretty confident on the rollout as we look out over the next two years or three years.
Jim Lico: Yes. Yes, sure. Product realization really makes up, really two big businesses, Tek and EMC. The Tek, as you mentioned, had a very strong quarter on the back of both good market work, but also the product introductions and innovations that they’ve launched in the quarter. So we think they’ll continue to see strength. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, North America picked up a little bit for Tek as well, which was good to see on the back of some of this innovation. EMC had a little bit of a tougher – they had a very tough compare. We had talked about a bunch of backlog, last year had moved from the second quarter and the third quarter given them exceptionally strong third quarter last year. So they were banking against the big comp. But their book-to-bill is very strong and we feel very good about their growth for the year. So I think when you take that stock at that, I think product realization, we’ll have a good fourth quarter.
Jim Lico: Well, we’ve owned it for a very short period of time, but nonetheless, I think we certainly feel that the public company costs will come out. That certainly is, I would say, probably easy to do. We certainly think there’s FBS opportunities even in the early days. The management there has been excited about those opportunities. Obviously, the Wes Pringle and the leadership of Field Solutions are very good at FBS, and so their ability to apply that will give us some opportunities. There’s some global go-to-market synergies as well. We’ll be able to leverage the sales force that we have there in the Fluke business, particularly in the bio – what we called the biomed business. So both cost synergies indirectly some FBS opportunities plus some synergies maybe not necessarily cost takeout, but to really leverage scale that we’ve already invested in Fluke.
Jim Lico: Yes. I think – PI will be good in the fourth quarter. A lot of the things we talked about in the prepared remarks in places like Fluke and Tek, which are some big part we’ll continue to see. Sensing we’ll continue to do pretty well. So I think we feel good about where PI is. As we mentioned in the remarks, we are seeing a little bit of an industrial North – particularly North America, a little bit of pickup in the industrial markets. Certainly saw that with peer companies as well as some of our customers like Granger and West Coast. So I think we feel good about the trajectory of the business, not just from a market perspective, but also from a lot of innovation we have. So PI should be – should have a good quarter. Really, the move down in, we’re also banking against the little bit tougher comp in the fourth unlike a lot of folks, we had very good fourth quarter growth rate that we’re comping against. So when you look across the portfolio with the exception of Matco probably still slow, Gilbarco down a little bit. But other than that, the rest of the portfolio should be in pretty good shape.
Jim Lico: We’re not. No, we aren’t, Rich and I think there’s a couple of reasons for that. We’re a little bit more on the specialty channels here as when you think about Kollmorgen’s motor businesses as an example, it’s really not maybe more – it’s more custom applications with OEM, even if we bring that through distributors. It tends to be more – we’ve got more content from a customization perspective. And so we tend to not see – we don’t really play in a commodity market. And I call it commodity, but really it’s sort of general space. So I think it would not be unusual for us to not see that sort of price compression that existed with those channel partners. So as we mentioned, 50 bps of price in the quarter and it was pretty good across the portfolio. So from that standpoint, we continue to believe that we can get a little bit of price. We mentioned a couple of innovations in the prepared remarks, both at Kollmorgen and Thomson, which is the two biggest piece of automation and that really helps obviously give us better gross margins in the portfolio because a big part of the FBS is making sure that our innovations have better gross margins than the products that they replace.
Jim Lico: Yes. So we launched of the five series at the tail end of the second quarter. That’s really part of the largest contributor to what we saw in the third. That’s our new midrange oscilloscope. As we mentioned, that’s a start of the platform product that we’ll have a number of other new generation products. So there’ll be another version that coming out roughly next year around the same time. We’ve got a couple of other products that are a little bit lower volume that contribute to it as well in a couple of different – maybe high rent categories, what we call the bit error rate tester or BERTScope as well as our arbitrary waveform generator. So two other products that are more higher end defense, mil gov, advance research, or in a data center or in it. So a number of those will also be launched. So when we think about where tech is, it’s probably still little early to see whether they’re going to pan out for the year next year. But we continue to see strength there. We talked about China. We’re starting to see some of the developed markets get a little bit better on the back of some of these innovations. So certainly, the annualization will be an impact next year, particularly in the first half. But we’ve got another wave of product that should keep it in growing throughout every quarter next year.
Jim Lico: Well, yes. It’s always hard to say, but we feel really good about what we did in the third quarter. And quite frankly, what we’ve done since the start. When you think about the traction we’re getting in deals like eMaint and GTT that we did around this time last year as well as the bigger deals that we transformed or transacted, excuse me, in the third quarter. There is still – the funnel still is really good. We’re as busy as we’ve ever been. So we continue to be busy with opportunities. And we feel good about where we’re at. You never know if we get something done or not, we’re always working on things, but you never know. So we feel good about where we’re at and where we’ll be. I think the other thing may be expecting another question is certainly, things are – there are things that are expenses. You certainly see that certainly as the market goes up, but I think what we’ve been able to find is opportunities for good returns. You certainly see that with a portfolio of things we’ve done. So while pricing obviously has moved up a little bit as the market has gone up particularly in public stock, we clearly have seen opportunities to still have those kinds of returns that are important to the company.
Jim Lico: Well. I think, we really are – I know we maybe sound like a broken record, I apologize for that a little bit. But we really do have a good balance though. Certainly, a couple of bigger things came out with Landauer and ISC, but we’ve got a number of – the funnel it’s pretty balance around large things, certainly from things, that would be great bolt-ons to some of the businesses as well, so a good balance of those things. We certainly have the capacity to do a number of things, so it’s not – we’re not in any way inhibited by what we just done. I think the free cash flow generation, the strong profitability, we’re going to have double-digit earnings. We’ve obviously had it for three quarters in a row. We expect it for the next several quarters and certainly all of next year. So I think that certainly gives us the ability to do a number of things. I think one of the best things about where we’re at right now is a number of degrees of freedom that we have.
Jim Lico: So no, one asked it. So I think we’ll have a great year in and particularly, probably the biggest aspect of that is in China where we’ve been benefiting from that with Tektronix. We saw a number of other parts and semiconductor improve in some of our smaller businesses like sensors, et cetera, and other places, which doesn’t necessarily move the needle necessarily for the overall company, but certainly gives us a sense that things are actually getting even a little bit better, so and the little bit more broadly. So we feel good about what that market will look like into 2018.
Jim Lico: Yes. Maybe just to add on, Deane. A lot of folks have talked about price cost and we’ve been a really good shape relative to cost. So the price aspect of this is the incremental have been really good. So as Chuck mentioned, it’s good to see across the portfolio. And with the fact that our procurement supply chain teams are doing such good on the cost side, that’s why you see the continued confidence in our gross margin improvements.
Jim Lico: Yes. We get the best data in North America and Europe even though we didn’t around the world. But North America look pretty good. Sell in, sellout was relatively close. We didn’t see any inventory build whatsoever, so I think if we look – if I look more broadly in North America around places where we get channel sellout on balance, all pretty good number. So I think sustainable for at least in the – these are all short-cycle businesses, but at least within the year, we think things stay pretty good. And I think that’s what we’ve heard. So I think on balance, Europe is – Western Europe is kind of the same way. Pretty good. So we do get pretty good inventory levels from distributors in Europe as well and we haven’t seen any inventory building – build up as well. So sell in, sellout is looking pretty good right now.
Jim Lico: Yes, a couple of things. One, we’re pretty local in China. So it’s an example, so we really have a good business not only with – also with the Chinese OEMs. So we really have a broader, probably a broader business than a lot of others that maybe sometimes you hear about. We have a little bit of maybe advantage of loss small numbers, too. But I think, I’m balanced, our team is executing exceptionally well. And so we continue to think that the way the investments are going in China will continue to do well at Qualitrol into 2018, at least we expect that. I mentioned you didn’t ask it a little bit. We did note that we are seeing a little sluggishness in the Middle East, particularly in places like Saudi Arabia. So we’ve seen the balance just as we look out in the near term. We think a strong China certainly overwhelms that. But we are seeing pockets of things where we are seeing a little bit of budgetary constraints.
Jim Lico: Well, I think you’re exactly right. We’ve had a just an outstanding strong business there in China over the last couple of years. We really built a great business there. But as you know, the North American market was sort of offsetting that until recently. So North American market getting better, probably next year still not at peak levels, but probably certainly better than this year. We’ve got a little bit of mix with Europe where we are losing some business in Europe that will probably slow the business down a little bit that’s maybe going to take a little bit of the growth rates. But we would anticipate at least for sure North America and China growing next year. And overall, the business will grow.
Jim Lico: Yes. I’ll give them back here. We would see – we would expect Gilbarco to probably sequentially be down in the fourth. They were not down in the third, so that’s probably the biggest change of really trajectory sequentially.
Jim Lico: John, sorry, to interrupt you. I just have the answer back on the transaction costs are about 140 bps impacting Q3 of this year in PI.
Jim Lico: Well, I think it is a transformational like situation. But I think what we try to do is do a couple of things. And it isn’t too far off for us be thinking about it, so that’s maybe the first question. As you know, we have a broad discussion around strategy for a long period of time amongst all our business, not only amongst with Chuck and I, but also with the board around what are the degrees of freedom. I think there’s a couple of things that we’re really watching. One, we’re building our transportation technologies with a number of opportunities to really make sure that we are taking advantage of all the kinds of disruptive technologies that are going on and that certainly will be something that we’ll mute some of the things were talking about. We’re building a global business at Gilbarco Veeder-Root so the acquisition we just did with Orpak is helping us build out our high-growth infrastructure. You see some of those things with some of the successes we’ve had for instance on global dispenser that we described in the prepared remarks. So we’re certainly taking – making sure that we’re looking through this. And then other thing we’re trying to do is build more recurring revenue models. So that – yes, we might see it dip, but we won’t necessarily see the dip in margins. So our Insite360 strategy is really bringing on all of the number of sites to make sure that we’ve got recurring revenue with those sites, adding to that with more software over time. And it’s a number of those strategies that are going to work to mitigate that while at the same time, trying to determine how we can best take on that business in a way that will be – will mitigate any potential bubble out there. So we’re certainly working on it. I think it’s a little early to be very specific about what we’re actually doing, but we have a number of things going on right now that are working to – and we talked a lot about things like Insite360. And some of the payment things we’re trying to do as well to build this business for the long-term, which ultimately keeps maybe it has a little bit of a downturn in that revenue. It’s specifically at Gilbarco North America, but on balance is offset in the number of other parts of the portfolio.
Jim Lico: Yes, I think, what we highlighted in the prepared remarks, was a tool storage was still weak, so we’ve continue to see sort of the high ticket items, Evelyn, sort of still be more challenged in the portfolio. We think that’s pretty well tied to mechanics hours and what’s going on there. We see less hours with mechanics, less dollars on their pocket, less likely to buy the high ticket items. We did see some of our diagnostic lines have really good growth. So – and in some of the day-to-day stuff is still doing pretty well. So we expect that some of those challenges will continue to happen through likely the first part of next year. That’s when you start to see the vehicle production that happened in 2010 start to take on. We think about vehicles that are seven or eight years old as a big part and so what we’re seeing right now is that 2008, 2009 dip in vehicles coming into that age where they need the most maintenance. So as the 2010 and 2011 vehicle production numbers come in, you’ll start to see those mechanics hours bump up. And that’s roughly around the summertime of next year.
Jim Lico: Yes, we probably we’ll see anything right now there’s – as we look at our type of solution and the kinds of applications that exist, I know everybody thinks that all 3D sensing opportunities are alike, but they’re not. And so we do think that there will be opportunities in 2018 and 2019 for 3D sensing. We would expect to see some revenue from that, but that’s a customer-by-customer story and not as broad-based as maybe the overall theme is going. So we feel good about what’s going on in Tektronix and Keithley. We feel like we have a great opportunity to take advantage of a number of opportunities. One of them to be 3D sensing, but it’s not necessarily the massive trend for us and sometimes you read about when you think more broadly about that technology.
Jim Lico: So I think they were flat for a couple of years. They’ve been growing this year, but they were flat for a couple of years based on a number of things, one of which was a challenged ERP implementation that was really hurting them from a resource perspective. We think they’re on a better trajectory right now. As I mentioned before, we think being able to utilize some synergy that we have with our global footprint, leveraging the bigger business will essentially double the size of our healthcare biomedical business with the addition of Landauer. And the combination of that will really create, we think, a number of growth opportunities, growth initiatives to bring some solutions – new solutions, but also to leverage the global go-to-market in ways that quite frankly Landauer couldn’t necessarily leverage with their size. So that’s really where the opportunity and we think we can turn it into a grower year. They’ve been growing last couple of quarters, so we think it will continue to be able to manage that growth over the next several years. But it will take a little while to get some of that work done. Some of that is not stuff that happens in the quarter or two, but in order to get the return, we feel we can get a really good return there. It’s a combination of some obviously, the opportunities to bring out peers to the organization, but also to deliver accelerated growth in the business as well.
Jim Lico: The recurring is close to 90, I think it’s a little bit above 85, so it’s a very good recurring revenue model. And it will be – they have some good technology, so we feel good about the technology. We’ll obviously continue to invest in innovation. That’s one of the things that, I think, a hallmark of our business, so we’ll continue to do that. And I suspect that will create some new opportunities, but I think we’ll get good some of the growth will certainly come from this geographic expansion of their current product portfolio.
Jim Lico: Well, yes, I think obviously everybody – the first initiative that everybody tries to do is to service their own equipment. That’s – I think it generally has an advantage in doing that. And then as you said, the multi-vendor services opportunity. We had a very good quarter and services to attack this quarter. So we feel like we’re actually getting a little bit of the tailwind in the business from some of the work we’ve done and feel good about it. So it’s big market, there is a lot of third party people. It would be more than the right assumption to think that both us and Quayside could clearly grow in the market together as we – because there are – the market is mostly third-party labs and calibration to do that work around the world. So the opportunity for OEMs to do this is still pretty big even if they’re not necessarily competing.
Jim Lico: Well, first, I would never comment on the customer of ours, given our inability to comment on what customers we have there. I think first and foremost, there are specific applications where we do pretty well. I think it has something to do with the level of quality and how you approach of testing. So not every consumer electronics customer approach of testing that way. There’s a couple of different ways to get them in today and, if you will, from a testing compliance capability and certain companies don’t go this intervention as others. So we’ve latched on to a certain technique, if you will, that really bodes well for how we do it in our technology. That isn’t necessarily everybody will do things like facial recognition. But that said, we do think there’s a broader opportunity here and we are building out some capability from a applications perspective to be able to build solutions for some of the product applications that might exist. We just – that’s very, very early days and it will be premature to comment on the success or failure of that at this point.
Jim Lico: Thanks Christina. Thanks, everybody, for being on the call today. We’re exceptionally excited about the third quarter, so I’m setting kind of our one year anniversary of doing the call on our own and we’re really excited about what we’ve got going here in the fourth quarter and into 2018. We’ll see many of you here shortly as we’re out and about, and we’ll look forward to seeing you then and giving you our guidance in February. Obviously, Lisa and Josh are available for any questions or follow-ups and we look forward to seeing you soon. Thanks, and have a great evening.
Chuck McLaughlin: Julian, this is Chuck. Yes, we’re happy to see our third quarter gross margins expand as we expected across the business. We saw really across the portfolio strong performance. Our prices as we mentioned as a piece of that with 50 basis points. But when you mention back in Q2, when we didn’t see as much, that was coming off of a really tough compare. And when you look year-to-date, we still felt confident about getting the kind of gross margin expansion that we saw and expected into Q3 and expected to continue into Q4.
Chuck McLaughlin: Hi, sure, Nigel. First of all, 88% year-to-date is about where we would normally expect to be. And because the first half of the year especially the first quarter, we have a little bit lower revenue and then we pay out there’s some onetime payments, ICP and whatnot goes off in Q1. And then we finished much stronger more like 130-plus percent in Q4. That’s just normal. So we really think we’re at a good spot here and tracking right to 105.
Chuck McLaughlin: No. I think that next year – when we get into next year after that normal step up of just in terms of the acquisition after the first few months. No, it will come in pretty much as you’ve seen them in standalone in 2018. And so we’re going to see that revenue. And as you mentioned, Landauer has got over 80% of recurring revenue that may be pushing 90%. And ISC is an evolving and they are in the 40s but grow increasing that percentage. So both of those things are going to be trends that help us going forward.
Chuck McLaughlin: Each? No. I think when we look at the three-year rightly, we like the returns on both of those deals. That sounds a little bit rich in the first year, but both are going to be accretive and be a driver for us next year in 2018. We’re going to give more color when we give our Q4 results in terms of what guidance next year. But both of those expect to be accretive next year.
Chuck McLaughlin: Steve, great question. No, I think that 25%, where with the average for the year is probably is what I’ll guide you to next year. The one thing that’s happening this year is the accounting change with the option, the benefit from option exercises. I think we believe that’s uniquely impacting this year. We’ve also done a great job. The tax team has done a great job getting the tax rate down into the 25%, a little ahead of schedule. But I think, 24% is probably – we’ll get there someday, but not next year.
Chuck McLaughlin: Hey, Deane, actually, it’s very balanced across most of our companies. There’s a few point places where I think maybe this would have a bit – a little bit where we didn’t get as much at tech. They brought us a new product that are actually seeing good margin lift and they really have got a mix thing going at I believe with China and the rest of the world. But we don’t see it there as much. And also, I think in probably telematics is down a little bit as well. But that’s the competitive market and that’s not unusual. Although we’ve seen some good price realization, coming up as we go forward as the ELD has been rolled out. So even there, we’re seeing improvement, but it’s really strong across the portfolio.
Chuck McLaughlin: I’m taking through the answer in the sequential margins that, that deal – certainly, deal cost in the quarter. We look through them for – from the earnings per share, adjusted earnings per share. So they are not really hurting our OP margins at all.
Chuck McLaughlin: So let me come back to you on specifically. I know we had it. I’m just wondering on that on the margin expansion that you’re talking about, how that rolled in there, but it likely did.
Chuck McLaughlin: Well, we did three deals in the quarter. All have different profiles. All had similar return profiles. So as you know, we tend to focus on returns, so that’s – I certainly think that there will be times when a great asset becomes available and we will really – if we can get the right returns, we will take the opportunity. That doesn’t mean that there is a new trend here. As I mentioned before, prices are higher for some things. But we’ve been pretty disciplined. I think we found a number of things, what we paid for Orpak as an example was, I think, was very good. So if you look over time and you look over what we’ve got, and certainly think you’re going to see a mix of prices as you look at multiples of revenue or multiples of EBITDA. But I think on balance, you’ll see us still maintain a discipline around returns and, on occasion, you’ll see those situations where the opportunity is so good for our transformational like thing that will take advantage of it.
