Jim Lico: Thanks, Chuck. I'll now wrap up on slide 16. In summary, I'm incredibly proud of the contributions of our 18,000 team members to make 2022 a record year for Fortive and further differentiate our more resilient financial profile. As we turn the page on 2022, that resiliency will be on display again in 2023 as our outlook reflects an expectation for slowing growth as customer demand normalizes after two years of robust double-digit hardware product orders, but it also reflects the benefits of the investments we have made to accelerate strategy, strengthen our market position, scale our software revenues and develop new innovations that are solving our customers' toughest safety, quality and productivity challenges. As you've also heard today, we are seeing the benefits of our continuous improvement culture, unleashing the power of the Fortive Business System to deliver more profitable growth and strong free cash flow, again in 2023, allowing us to compound returns through disciplined capital deployment. When taken together, this creates a powerful formula for value creation with a high-quality portfolio of desirable brands favorably leveraged to sustainable secular trends, industry-leading margins and free cash flow generation and best-in-class execution, enabling Fortive to outperform in almost any environment. With that, I'll turn it back to Elena.
Jim Lico: Yes. Hey, Steve, it's Jim. A couple of things. One, obviously, we play a role in that. And -- so as we continue to progress, we'll see that. As we noted, some of the asset life cycle, a little bit lower growth in the first quarter. We can talk about that, but that -- those margins will expand. So, the revenue coming back certainly in the software businesses there as well as just continued progression of -- a lot of the actions that we've got price will continue to be a helpful piece of this driving gross margin expansion along with our productivity initiatives. So, I don't think we've got anything dramatic from the first half to second half in terms of anything that you wouldn't normally see seasonally in terms of growth, price realization, productivity initiatives get more traction as you go through the year. Those are probably the big drivers outside of just normal revenue.
Jim Lico: Well, I think, first, we would think of the second half of 2022 is basically flattish for orders for those businesses. So a little bit down in the fourth relative to -- and right along where we thought. If you remember from the third quarter call, we said, yes, we also saw some orders that came in, in the first half for the second half. So that's kind of the backdrop of what we just described, backlog in and around where we thought it would be from an ending year. So the backlog, obviously, as Chuck just described, that obviously helps in the -- with some of the order down slowing that we saw. We expect orders to be around the same in the first half relative to those product businesses, Julian. So you think about probably the second quarter -- first quarter and second quarter being probably negative in those businesses. But backlog obviously mitigates a number of those things. And then it starts to pick up a little bit. Some of that pickup is an easier comp, obviously, because of what I just described in the second half of 2022. And there's a little bit sensing probably stays flat through the year is probably not a big improvement through the year in sensing, but a little bit of improvement in Tek. And we think Fluke will come back as well, typically comes back a little faster.
Jim Lico: Yes. Well, number one, I think, on the back stuff, as we said in the prepared remarks, 40% order growth over the last couple of years. It's obviously a little bit higher growth rate than what we'd normally expect for Tek. So, what you start to see in the full year, it’s a moderation or a normalization back to that mid-single-digit growth. I would say when you think about customers, very much playing out the way we anticipated in terms of moving the business. The business just doesn't have as much of influence from consumer electronics anymore, where you're seeing a lot of that distortion with the things we've talked about in terms of power, data centers, industrial IoT, all of those drivers are really driving the business much more today than ever before, making it more resilient. So, I think those are all the things we've described that I think really continue to have the business. It does dissolve a little bit, but it moderates off of really, really large numbers. So I think mid-single-digit growth for the year is what we're calling out here. It could be a little bit better. We'll still end the year with a decent backlog, as Chuck was just describing a couple of questions ago. So, I think when we look at the business for the year, very healthy channels have almost no inventory. So we continue to see good point-of-sale strength. And some of that is just fulfilling past due to some extent, but there really isn't a channel inventory situation whatsoever. And so I think we're in a good place. Orders will slow a little bit, but some of that is just the big heavy comps that we've sort of had over the last couple of years. So we think we're in a good place, and we think we'll exit 2023 in a good place as well.
Jim Lico: And Scott, just to maybe add on to the first quarter service channel thing, as we talked about in the prepared remarks. This is really -- the SaaS revenues continue to be incredibly strong in the business. But we did have a little bit more pass-through revenue in the year than we anticipated. That's why we grew the business almost 50% on a full year basis. So really strong growth this past year. But we'll move to a better business model, which is a little bit less pass-through revenue and a much -- but the strength of the SaaS business has been there all along. We've now got a data analytics platform that we're offering as well. So we're really going to, kind of, get through that in the first quarter and a little bit in the first half, but the profitability really does raise considerably as well. We got what we needed in 2022 in that regard. We'll be an even better place in 2023, simply because the business model transformation that we intended to do is really start going to hit the -- full hit of the P&L through the year.
Jim Lico: Yes, I mean you got it exactly right. December, in particular, was really low. I think that speaks to the strength of AHF, quite frankly, on the revenue line is we were able to weather that storm because of the strength of other regions of the world. We talked about the 5% growth that we had in the segment. So we think, we're about probably 50% in January, so about half of where we were a year ago. But you're right, it's going to ramp. We're seeing some of that improvement. A couple of weeks ago, we think was the low point. But it's now picking up to 70 in a week, but we should see continued improvement. Again, on the other side of the Chinese New Year holiday, we'll get a better view of things, as we always do. But we anticipate that this will continue to improve throughout the year, as China just kind of gets back to normal, and we certainly started to see that.
Jim Lico: Yes. So, I think, number one, we obviously, know the company and have read the news. So you're exactly right. We wouldn't comment on any process that we'll be involved in or not involved in, particularly a public one. But I would say this. I mean we've known NI for a long time. I can remember meeting Dr. T 15 years ago or so. So we know them well. We partnered with them at Tektronix and have for a long time. So I think what we've said strategically about all of our funnel was there was a balance of large, small deals, hardware and software. So we can -- the balance sheet is an incredible place right now, as you know. So we're in a great place to do things. But we're going to be disciplined. We're going to make sure that every situation we approach, we approach it strategically, how well that accelerates, what we want to do, and I'll leave it at that. But I think more broadly around M&A, we're in a very good place relative to our opportunities ahead of us. And we'll -- we certainly are playing offense in that regard.
Jim Lico: Yes. So I think, more specifically around AHS, we called out a couple of kind of onetime headwinds in the quarter. We -- I think there's a number of things that are working in our favor relative to the 2023 year. Number one is North America. We had good growth in North America and anticipate that will continue -- we're not necessarily calling everything getting perfect in North America, but we do believe it will get better. And we saw that in the fourth quarter, and that's a good thing for our margin structure. And then number two, to your point, we're seeing a little bit more price realization in the fourth and into this year. Things are starting to get a little traction. We've talked about that on the call that it just takes longer, and we're starting to see that. And then finally, productivity. The team has -- that leadership team has really adopted FBS, and they've really embraced a number of things to really drive productivity. So, we don't see the additional inflation either as well. So the combination of we don't see incremental inflation at this point and we have those actions getting deeper and deeper into the margin structure, if you will, through the year. So, we feel like we're in a much better place starting here in 2023, both from a market and obviously, the kind of actions that we need to continue to make the business better. And I would just kind of ask, but we have grown gross margins in AHS -- operating margins about 130 basis points over the last two years. So, despite those challenges, we're in a good place. I call that the launch path from where we are today.
Jim Lico: Yes, it's interesting. I think we've always thought for the last several months that customers would inevitably start 2023 out a little more conservative just given we've seen some of the Tek layoffs and some of those things, the PMI and where it is. And so that's number one. That's number one. That's kind of a planning assumption from an order perspective. Now we also knowing that we had -- we're starting here with a good backlog situation. I would say, if you think about it regionally, Andy, obviously, North America is going to be pretty good and pretty resilient, given the fact that we have most of our software businesses have the predominance of their revenue streams in North America. And I mentioned the health care, particularly ASP North American story. So, North America is going to be pretty resilient I would say that Western Europe and Europe more broadly, probably a weaker area for the year, just given a number of things. Some of that is supply chains normalizing a little bit back to normal. Some of it is just a little bit of weakness as well. China is going to be good all year. Healthcare will be weak in China in the first quarter because of the actives but should continue to get better through the year. So that's kind of the regional play, and that's sort of our planning assumptions going forward. I think it's still early days. Obviously, a lot of the year to play out here. But that was -- that's sort of fundamental to our planning assumption.
Jim Lico: And that's where going -- yes, I was just going to add that it's -- as you said, it depends on the business as you pointed out, a little bit more backlog intact. So it does matter where the orders go down relative to how we can make it off. So that certainly is part of it. But we ought to think of that extra -- the half that isn't planned to go out as an insurance policy, again some additional decline.
Jim Lico: Well, I would take it this way. There are some spot buy costs that probably go away from 2022, for sure. But there are some embedded costs in the standards that are going to be with us here for a while. I think the real thought is we're going to have price cost like we have been, we grow gross margins more in 2023 than we did in 2022. So in that sense, I think we're going to be as we've shown over the last several quarters, the media had -- we're not too worried from a factory absorption perspective. If that's -- if you're going in that direction, we won't worry about that. We'll really be focused on is making sure a number of commodities are down or will be lower, things like metals, plastics, but the majority of our buy is electronic components. And that will take a little bit longer to sort of wean ourselves from some of that inflation that we saw this year. So, we plan to -- I think we're super aggressive in that regard. We'll get after everything. We have great supply chain teams, but it will take a little while. But I think you're going to see that throughout the year as the gross margins continue to look good.
Jim Lico: Yes. Dean, I think number one is, as you -- I know you know when we've seen a little -- in a couple of places, we've seen new loan book. When things get a little slow, particularly starting the year out. New logos maybe a little bit harder to grab on to as people maybe take a month or so to maybe an extra 30 days to close the business. But cross-selling and up-selling is something you can do every day. And so our Presidents are very much tuned in times like this where maybe things are a little bit more -- there's a little bit more ambiguity out there as to how the year is going to play out. The teams are really conditioned to really move the sales motion to more cross-selling and that really drives our net dollar retention. We talked about it in a couple of individual places we've got over -- we've got a number of businesses that are well over 105 now, we're about 102. So the metric we really used to drive that is cross -- is net dollar retention. And so what we're really pushed on early in the year is get those renewals, drive gross retention up and then drive the cross-selling and up-selling as well. So, I think we're well -- from a process perspective, FBS has a number of tools that support those efforts, with customer success organizations. That's a big focus for us here at the start of the year.
Jim Lico: Yes. Joe, I think it really goes back. It will have an opportunity to really give a lot of this detail on our Investor Day in May. But I think what we really think about this is really how we move the growth rate on long-term through the cycle growth rate to mid-single-digits. So we got two really strong years of growth 10% average in the last two years. That's on the backs of a number of things we've done from a portfolio perspective and just demand has been better than historically. But as we get into 2024, and we normalize around the kind of things that we would see. We certainly would continue to see that mid-single digit as a number on the backs of continued stabilization of the macro for some of our product businesses obviously continued improvement in our healthcare businesses and just the strength of success that we've had in software. And those sort of combination pillars are really are going to be what really drives that mid-single-digit growth rate. As we said, as things normalize here, hopefully sooner rather than later.
Jim Lico: Well, yes, I think as Chuck described, it's really kind of across the segments. And it really deals with a number of things. Certainly, looking at certain product lines that maybe are a little slower than over the next few years, we closed a couple of rooftops, continue to do some things on the lease front as we continue to consolidate our real estate footprint. So a number of those things are really what we're talking about. It's an accelerated rate, given kind of after a couple of years of 10% growth, we've may be more focused on the growth, maybe a little bit more focused on supply chain. But now as things start to normalize here, we're back to getting after some things, and in the traditional sense, we want to be ahead of those things, and that's really what we're talking about.
Jim Lico: Well, as we said, I think in the first half, we're going to see some of those declines as we described. And I might note, point-of-sale is still really strong. So at Fluke and Tek, we normally get that scenario in a coal mine question around Fluke. And quite frankly, Fluke's point-of-sale has stayed strong. So, we think that will moderate as some of the macro impact certainly moves that number down. But you're working on such high comps relative to the last few years is that any moderation whatsoever could make it look negative, but really, quite frankly, is not a significant issue relative to both the backlog and kind of where we're at relative to the historical perspective. So, yes, we'll -- some of that improvement in the second half is comps for sure, but some of it -- we think Sensing probably as an example, probably stayed a little rough through the year. And we get -- we know what the OEMs are doing right now. So, we mentioned in the prepared remarks some places in industrial, like industrial automation and some parts of the world like China. But on balance, when we look at the sum total of Sensing, Fluke, and Tek, we still think there'll be a little bit of improvement in the second half. But we don't need a big improvement necessarily to really deliver what we described. It is as we talked on a couple of the questions, we've got some backlog as an insurance policy against those things may be declining a little bit more than we anticipated.
Jim Lico: Thank you, Leanne and thanks everyone for spending the time with us today. We really appreciate -- we know you're busy this week with a number of things. I think what you heard from us today is a real sense of pride of what we did in 2022. We said 2022 is going to be a showing year and I think what you saw through the quarters and certainly in the full year numbers, the real power of the Fortive Business System and the building for us -- use the FBS tool to accelerate. We try to convey the fact that getting back into in-person Kaizen is something that's really important to us from a cultural perspective and from an ability to deliver in any sort of economic time. And that acceleration of in-person events we tried to demonstrate and show you some examples of that. We're back to work in that regard as we get into 2023. We look forward to continuing to share our strategies in May with you, and I think, what you'll see this year and what you're seeing in our guidance is the continued improvement in our portfolio and the strength of our culture in our business system. Special thanks to our 18,000 teammates around the world who made that happen and make it happen every day. Thanks, everybody. Have a great day. We look forward to the follow-up calls, and we'll see you soon. Take care.
Chuck McLaughlin: Steve, this is Chuck. Actually, in our modeling, no, we wouldn't expect that all gets washed out based -- but of course, it depends on the order rate. It's one of the reasons why we think that we've got a pretty resilient forecast here. If the order rates moderate beyond where we think they're going to be, we could still do it. It's really still -- we've got -- supply chain is getting better. It's just -- it's not resolved. So it sounds like we can just flip the switch and get it all out. But we would -- we'd probably cut it in half.
Chuck McLaughlin: And Julian, the only thing I'd just remind you is we have an easier comp in PT in Q1. So when you start -- when you look at $1 standpoint, it's not as dramatic as you move through the year. In fact, I think from $1 standpoint, we'd expect that it would -- there would be an upward trajectory in PT each quarter sequentially.
Chuck McLaughlin: Yes. Scott, you got right. We came in at, I think, $0.14 in 2022. And I would expect that, that would grow as you expected. We build on that $0.14 in 2023. Faster growth rates there, also more profitability in the first half in service channel and things. All that are going to give us a nice tailwind.
Chuck McLaughlin: Nigel, it's Chuck. We've always felt we want to maintain an investment-grade rating. And so we wouldn't do anything that -- on any type of deal that would jeopardize that. I've pointed out in the past, we've done equity instruments, like the mandatory convert. And we've always said that in situations where we want to do something, equity has never been off the table. It just hasn't been needed at this point.
Chuck McLaughlin: Nigel, I'll take the first part. We would expect to take of the excess backlog that we're talking about probably up to half of it is included in the assumptions for this year in this guide. But to be clear, this is what we consider excess. And that's still -- we get more out if supply chains get better. So there's a little more there, but it's still constrained by supply chain throughout this year. But getting back Nigel on the service channel question, I wouldn't think of it as a SaaS transition. The SaaS revenue has continued to be good. It's just -- we grew the business well over 70% in Q1 of 2022 and so with a large amount of this just pass-through revenue. And so if you think about it, we have a customer. Some of our contracts have. We're passing through a number of amounts of the facility maintenance costs that they have pain plumbers or electricians. We're just doing less of that. And so it's really not a SaaS transition in the traditional sense. That we're replacing that solution, though with some other added benefits. And so we -- that's why it's a short-term transition. It's really kind of going from losing some of this one-time pass-through revenue and quite frankly, we didn't make any money on. So I would see it as that, and that's why it's short-term as opposed to sort of a conversion of what you'd see traditional license revenue to SaaS revenue. We're not going to see that. This is -- service channel is 100% SaaS revenue company.
Chuck McLaughlin: Yes, Andy, the first half, we'd expect to put up $20 in $25 million to $30 million of cost. See cost to get after some of these structural things. Some of them are looked up, a few of those, but there'll likely be some outside of the U.S. Maybe there are some regions that we want to convert to a dealer approach rather than a direct approach, and I'm thinking here in our health margins. We've always thought that there was cost that we needed to improve our go-to-market there. And we're just getting after that.
Chuck McLaughlin: Yes. I mean, that's not what we're seeing here in there. But what we are seeing is reason we can't get the backlog down more, it's more supply chain constrained we've got so much material is the way I'm thinking of it. So if orders go down $10 million more, that doesn't necessarily change our revenue guidance. That's what you say. I would agree with that.
Chuck McLaughlin: Yes, a couple of things we have always have a lot of work as you know, working at our working capital across all of our operating companies is the focus that we've had all year long and it's been -- it's been a challenge. It is -- it always is, but we've really done a great, ASP actually was a stand up there. So I think that's really what we were talking about there. But they weren't building ones. We had a couple of really good place. I wouldn't say pulling so much is really thinking about it as just some time. We thought we had a really, we did have a really strong guide, and we came in a little stronger that. There could be -- sometimes you just get your on receipts, sometimes they come in a little late and show up in Q1, this time, I'm probably think maybe $20 million came in a little early. You really can't do much about that. It's just whether sometimes when they cut the check before New Year's or after -- that's -- but we were very pleased with our free cash flow performance all year along.
Chuck McLaughlin: That's right. That's right. I mean we're really looking at some pretty significant growth rates over the last couple of years in orders that were much bigger than our revenue numbers because of the supply chain issues and the creation of a bigger backlog. And quite frankly, a bigger pass-through backlog, which we started to burn down as we've talked about throughout the day.
Chuck McLaughlin: Well, first of all, I think it's clear we're trying to convey here is discipline will continue to be the word of the day relative to M&A. And I think we -- our return hurdles are going to be what our return hurdles are. We've talked about 10% ROIC for the various kinds of deals, and we'll continue to think about that. I think what we've been trying to describe is situations in which we'll be disciplined. I think what you've seen in 2022 is the strong returns of that, certainly the most recent M&A that we've done for patient and service channel, beating their first-year numbers as an example of that. But also the deals that we did five, six years ago. that are just performing outstanding like Gordian and eMaint and Landauer. So, I think we're in a great place from a balance sheet perspective to deploy capital. And I would be much more focused on our discipline around returns and our discipline around accelerating strategy in places where we can really do that.
