James Lico: Yes. So I'll start with the second one on the $600 million. We're really excited about ISC. It's a business that we've been known for a long time. We've been friends with the McElhattan family for a long time. It's been a long-term cultivation. They'll do probably in the range of $170 million to $180 million of revenue this year. This will fit our return profile of 10% in 3 years on the ROIC model. So we feel really good about the returns here and how we think the business will do. It's very consistent with our strategy that we've talked about relative to digital initiatives, the fact that these are connected instrumentations. They're deep into the customer workflow and in critical technology, which is essentially like our shared purpose essential technology. And the revenue -- it's a recurring revenue subscription-based model for a good portion of the revenue as well, so the financials and the strategic aspects of the business are really good. We -- this is in around -- for 2018, around 10 to 12x EBITDA so I think a great opportunity for us to create value over the long time at a price that, quite frankly, we can get to a return profile in the time frames that we've been disciplined about. 
James Lico: Yes. So first, I think I would say that the third quarter for EMV looks pretty good. So we had a couple of orders that came in that'll keep us maybe a little bit better for the third. I would suggest that the other part is really the North American industrial market broadly, Steve. We've seen an uptick through the quarters here in places like Fluke. As we mentioned on the prepared remarks, our sensor businesses in automation all saw improvements in North America. So it's really the combination of a little bit better EMV than we originally thought and probably to some extent, the North American industrial market sort of solidifying a little bit as well. 
James Lico: Well, first, we would run it -- we really see this as the third leg of the field solutions platform. So there's certainly some synergy with Fluke and the core customers with Fluke. The -- we see some real opportunities with -- if you think about in a variety of industrial environments where a maintenance worker is also using safety technologies. We've seen a real opportunity to link what we're doing with connected solutions both with Fluke and with ISC. But ISC will be a, we think, a stand-alone business that has a great growth profile in and of itself. I think the recurring revenues in the business today are around -- right around 40% or something like that, but there -- but it's the high-growth part of the business. So if you sort of compound that over time, it becomes a very good recurring revenue business over a longer period of time. 
James Lico: On the franchise distribution, we noted in the prepared remarks we see some product lines that are pretty good. We had a 10% increase in our expo participation from a year ago, so that metric was pretty good. A lot of the forward-looking metrics around health are good. And number of the product lines are very good, we've mentioned, in diagnostics and some of our hardline tools. It really is -- the slowness really is in tool storage. As you mentioned, I think a number the other folks in the market have also denoted the same thing. We get a lot of good data off the truck in terms of what we see from a sales out perspective, and we do see some slowing. So I don't necessarily think -- we've had 4 or 5 years of really strong mid- to high single-digit growth here, so I think this is more a pause than anything. Certainly, when we go back to other times when we saw a long-term slowing, we didn't -- we saw changes in some of those health metrics that we typically see. So we'll probably see a little bit, maybe another quarter or so as we work our way through some of this, but I think on balance, we feel the business is still good. And we think we can do some things that might make a little bit of our own luck here as we get later into the year. 
James Lico: Yes. We feel that -- in terms of the margin profile, as we mentioned -- Chuck mentioned a minute ago, we had a couple of things on the mix away from Matco and into any other business within the segment is obviously a mix challenge. But we had a few onetime things that occurred. But as we look year-to-date, both gross margins and operating margins are good for the segment. So we really see this as more of a onetime thing. As we go into the second half, we're highly confident we can continue to get good margin improvement in Industrial Technologies. Relative to input costs, we really don't see -- this really is not driven by input costs. Our PPV numbers, our purchasing cut price reductions that we get are very good. It's something that Chuck and I look at every month. We look at our input costs pretty detailed as well, and we're in pretty good shape in that regard. Price has been good across the portfolio. I think 5 of our 6 platforms got at least 20 basis points of price or more, so -- and many in the 30 to 50 range. So we still think we can be in the 30 to 50 point range on price for the year. So I think, really, the gross -- some of the gross margin things that occurred we really think are more of a onetime nature, and we feel very good about what we're going to have going into the second half. 
James Lico: Yes. I think -- well, I think the end market's been pretty good, and I don't think the end market is necessarily picking up. There's a little bit of help with ELD, but that's not a huge percentage of the market. So we really think that the improvement is what we've been doing. We're obviously very focused, as we talked on many calls, around the fact that we wanted to improve the business there. We started with the integrated platform. We've changed our go to market in some respects and changed some of our go-to-market investments to take advantage of that. We have the highest number of gross adds in North America than we've ever had, I think, in a quarter in the past quarters. So our churn numbers are looking good. Our gross add numbers are looking good. Our -- what we look at in terms of how we look at average prices is improving. So all of the long-term go-forward metrics that we look at are all very good for the quarter. But obviously, in a SaaS business, it takes a little while for all that to sort of churn through into a revenue projection. So we think by -- as we said in the prepared remarks, we think mid- to high single digit exiting the year, and there's no reason why we can't see that kind of growth into 2018. So we think we'd be at least at market at that point but still working really hard to do better than market as we push into the following years from there. 
James Lico: Yes. We've talked the last 2 quarters that the U.S. was stable. We certainly would suggest now that it's starting to get a little bit better. As you know as well as anybody, we've got -- we get pretty good visibility at Fluke in terms of point of sale, and we really see all of that in the point-of-sale data. So the mid-single-digit kind of growth that we've seen in North America at Fluke, as an example, is really consistent with what we're seeing in point of sale. So we're not seeing any inventory build or anything like that. We also get pretty good point-of-sale information at places like Kollmorgen as well, so we've seen some similar trends there in Thompson. So we feel pretty good that the trend is -- right now is occurring. 
James Lico: I think what has influenced the pipeline, I talked a little bit about this over the last 12 months. A little bit of what has influenced the pipeline more broadly is the fact that it's a more focused industrial company with a strategy similar to like ISC around connected devices, taking advantage of digitization and kind of the mobile workforce. You start to see more of the kinds of strategies that we're thinking about and certainly, in ISC's case, very consistent with how they were thinking about where the world's going. So there are those situations, for sure, in the funnel where we could definitely point to businesses that had been more interested in talking with us. I think, in this case, maybe a little bit less true this had -- this also had to do with the family's timing and how they wanted to think about things. So I wouldn't necessarily jump to the conclusion that this wouldn't have happened in a prior life. But we're really excited to have them as part of the team. We see the world very similarly. And I would also say that, really, when you think about field solutions and what the Wes and the team have done, they've really gotten ISC done, as we've articulated, the consistency with the strategy, the small deal that we did with SCHAD, which gives us some great technology around -- it would really integrate and facilitate industrial sites with data facilitation amongst multiple kinds of applications. And just large and small, I really think that articulates the breadth of the funnel. We've been talking for a while that the breadth of the funnel's pretty good, and I think this quarter is a great example, accelerating strategy in field solutions with the -- both a large deal and a very tiny technology deal that accelerates strategy as well as finalizing Orpak. So I think this is a -- I think why we're excited about this quarter in many respects is that all of these things that we've been talking about as we celebrate our 1-year anniversary come together in a very similar way. 
James Lico: We would expect that both segments will have good operating margin expansion in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. 
James Lico: Yes. So when we think about the value creation, clearly, we're buying a great business with a great team. And as a stand-alone business, this business will do well. It's been a mid-single-digit grower through the cycle for a number of years. And the iNet platform, which is really that safety-as-a-service platform, has been growing even better than that. So as that becomes more of the part of the business, the growth trajectory of the business should improve to high single digits over -- in the not-too-distant future. So that kind of gives you the growth profile of the business. We see for -- from a synergy perspective, one, obviously, we can help them with global reach. Fluke in our field solutions platform is our most global platform with -- both Fluke and Qualitrol have tremendous growth in and around the world. We'll certainly help them invest in more technology. They'll help us with some things. We can help them. Certainly, M&A is going to be an aspect of this. We'll be able to bring capital to them with many of the ideas they have. So that's really -- those 3 things are really focused on growing the ISC business and accelerating with the team that's there. I think, certainly, FBS is a wonderful opportunity as we met with Justin McElhattan, who's the CEO of the business and will stay with us. Justin was most excited. They made some good progress on FBS on the lean side, and I'm really excited about some of the growth and leadership tools that come -- that we can bear to the business. So those are all good synergies. Specifically though around where there's an opportunity, we've coined this term [ safetenance ], which is the combination of safety and maintenance. And what that really is, is when maintenance professionals go into environments wherein many of them regulated, where they need gas detection equipment, that they're using Fluke tools. And so this combination of being able to work within the maintenance workflow like we do with eMaint, being able to apply Fluke connected tools along with their tools and bring that about is also a growth opportunity. So it's not the biggest driver of the model, but we certainly think that's a good growth opportunity for the platform over time. 
James Lico: Well, I think, yes, I think it can be sustained. I think We've had good price over our -- we're working off even good price comps quite frankly. I think, if I recall, last year, the second quarter was a really a good price comp for us last year, tough comp if you will. So I think we can maintain it. It speaks to the -- we talk a lot about the strength of our market positions. And part of that is the differentiated technology that we have. And part of that is the brand and the strength of the market -- the relationship we have with customers that ultimately gives us some pricing power. We don't -- certainly don't use that to an advantage, but we certainly see creating more value allows for us to take more price. On the new products, we won't see price because that -- we take that out of our price calculation. So on the new products, you might see better gross margin, but we don't creep that in our price calculation. So... 
James Lico: No, that's right. Yes we did improve a little bit. I think at Fluke, we had a much better second quarter. I think we had moved some price increases around the world. I think we had moved them from the first quarter to the second quarter. So I think we started to get traction on that in the second quarter. 
James Lico: No. I think I've been proven wrong a couple of different times. I keep telling our Europe team that they keep making a liar out of me with the work they're doing. But I think the reality is, is that we probably see that moderating a little bit. We have some key project wins that we're driving accelerated performance here over the last quarter or 2. We mentioned in prepared remarks, particularly in Kollmorgen and Gilbarco. So we have seen that, but I think this moderates probably in the second half to mid-single digits. Some of that is just not -- maybe a little bit tougher comps because we're comping now. We're off of high single-digit growth in the second half of last year. So there's a little bit of comp in there and then I think just a little bit of what I would say is a slight slowdown in a couple of places just in the core business, just the base business [ if you will ]. 
James Lico: Yes, it is. We're really -- the Kollmorgen team's done a great job. It's really been work we've been working on. As you know, we have to get the project wins from a few years that happened maybe a year or 2 ago and start to get some traction. We're seeing that. It's also a little bit of better North American and just based core industrial market. I think one of the places I mentioned a few minutes ago, when we start to see a little bit -- we're seeing a little bit of tailwind now in North America in the industrial business, and we're probably seeing that more in -- at Kollmorgen and Fluke maybe than in other places. So we think that's sustainable from what we see in point of sale at this point, so -- but we do -- but -- so some of it -- to bring it back to the specific question on Kollmorgen, it's really a combination of both share gain but also a little bit of lift in North America. 
James Lico: Well, I would say, first, if we go back 10 years, I'd prefer to not to do that, although I was probably the one involved. I think it's... 
James Lico: It's -- it really has to do with the fact that we really -- we see this convergence of technology. There's clearly large-scale safety players. You mentioned Honeywell. Obviously, people like MSA and 3M are in those markets as well. But what we really see is this core advantage around the safety-as-a-service pioneer that they've really put in. We really think it's that business model, the core relationship that they have with the workflow and what we can do with the combination of our other field solutions businesses, gives us a unique and differentiated position. And in many cases, they'll probably have multiple players in one facility. But we think we have a very sustainable position based on the strength of the business that they've really built as well as the huge strength that we have with Fluke. 
James Lico: Yes. I think there is certainly an opportunity. We -- the team there at ISC is really thoughtful and has done a lot of great things. They're really, as I mentioned, the pioneer in thinking through this kind of business model. We obviously have some skill sets from our SaaS-based businesses at telematics and at Insite360. But we really bring a core industrial recurring revenue expertise at ISC that, quite frankly, is applicable across all of our industrial businesses. So yes, the answer to -- the quick answer to that question is we think it's an opportunity to leverage. And also their presence in Pittsburgh, they have a great relationship with Carnegie Mellon. And obviously, Carnegie Mellon is really, really great at artificial intelligence, robotics and just broadly in software. So they bring a whole bunch of expertise and relationships, quite frankly, that we haven't had as well. So we're ecstatic about the opportunity to have them join the team, and we think this is great for us for a long period of time. 
James Lico: Yes. So we -- obviously, we announced our position with Exxon, great relationship with them. We didn't see much impact to that in the second quarter, and we don't think there's a tremendous impact in the third. It solidifies things a little bit but still to be determined. We just think more broadly with some -- we really saw a little bit of strength with specifically with 2 large retailers that we have a great relationship with. They bought a little earlier than we thought and a little bit more than we thought, which solidifies the third quarter. And that's why we think the full -- the first -- the second half is going to be better than we originally thought. But we still think there's probably -- there's still the potential of an air pocket out there in the fourth or the first quarter. So I still think, at some point in time, people will take a little bit of a pause, but we just had a couple. The strength of Gilbarco in general in the quarter has much to do with outside of the U.S. as it did anything, but we did get a little bit more business in North America than we originally planned. 
James Lico: Yes. So our -- I think our opportunity -- as you noted, there's a lot of folks talking about 3D sensing certainly on the sensor side and a number of places where it's a huge opportunity for them. I think, for us, we're still trying to gauge the overall broad opportunity for us. We've challenged Pat and the team to really help us think through that in this year's strategic plan. What we really saw at Keithley first was very good performance even outside of 3D sensing. If you take 3D sensing out, they still had mid-single-digit growth in the quarter. So the Keithley team continues to execute very well. I think we're -- what we really saw, we saw most of that $20 million in the second quarter, probably saw all of it in the first half, and that was really a specific couple of customers in Korea and China that bought. So at this point, that opportunity likely is broader, but we haven't seen that yet. So we executed against the opportunities that were available to us, and we'll evaluate how big an opportunity that is for us over a longer period of time. 
James Lico: It will be tough for us to do at this point. I think that's probably something we'll gauge here by the end of the year. As I mentioned, we, Chuck and I, will start here shortly after this call, in fact, next week, going through strategic plans with some of the businesses. That'll carry throughout the third quarter in August and September. So we'll get a sense of when the tech team walks us through that, what that looks like, but at this point, we don't really have a gauge. So we had specific market opportunity with some customers and some design wins that we got that are very centered on the Keithley technology that's really flexible for manufacturing lines. So they really took advantage of the flexibility of that technology. But I think more broadly, how our whole offering really pertains to 3D sensing is still work to be done for us. 
James Lico: Well, I think, yes, maybe looking back 12 months helps us look forward into the future. And I think what you've seen from us over the last 12 months, as Chuck articulated, is roughly $1 billion of spend. A number of those deals are really focused on accelerating our digital strategies, taking advantage of software, buying businesses that are deeply embedded in the workflow where we can extend solutions over time, leveraging our current business structure in most cases. We focus mostly on field solutions and transportation technology. It's the 2 platforms that are our largest 2 platforms and probably have the most serve-to-market opportunities. So certainly, I think we'll continue to do that and build on the strength of presence and strength of market positions we have in those businesses. And those businesses are almost 2/3 of the company. So that is certainly something we will continue to do. We will continue to look globally. We think that there are opportunities outside the U.S. Obviously, the Orpak acquisition is headquartered in Israel. It's a great example of how we're trying to globalize the business, build on technology capability in other parts of the world. You'll see us continue to do that. And then I suspect, as we noted in our Investor Day, that we'll continue to look for new platforms where there's opportunity. And we've highlighted a few places and secular trends that we'd like to think about going forward to do that, and we'll continue to think about those. I think we're now gaining more expertise into how to buy and integrate the software businesses, and quite frankly, I think that'll be part of it. And I think this quarter's example of being able to do that and create a lot the value and hit our return hurdles has been demonstrated. 
James Lico: Well, thanks, everybody, for taking the call on what is a rainy day here in Seattle, unusual in the summertime. We -- we're exceptionally excited to start our second year here at Fortive. We feel really good about our start. A lot of the strategic opportunities and the operational targets that we set for ourselves, we feel really good about the progress we made. And I think Chuck and I and the rest of the leadership team really look forward to seeing even more opportunity as we turn the clock on 12 months and start our second year here. We look forward to seeing you all soon. And if we don't have a chance to talk to you before the end of the summer, have a great summer, and we'll certainly -- Lisa's available and the team to answer any questions if you have them. Thanks, everybody. 
Charles McLaughlin: Well, I think we'll wait till we get the deal inked and closed and then wait for the guidance next year. But we expect to be accretive next year for sure. 
Charles McLaughlin: So the first couple of hundred million, we acquired eMaint and GTT in Q4 of last year, and then earlier this year, there was Orpak for around a similar amount. And then we did a small technology deal called SCHAD. It's single digits acquisition, but we got some technology that'll help us with our connected solutions. 
Charles McLaughlin: Yes. So on the margin compression and looking at Industrial Technologies, it has to do with Matco. That's slowing. It's one of our highest-margin businesses. That just gives a little bit of a mix. But we think that even with that, that slowing that we're seeing there, as we -- when we look year-to-date, we're seeing good margin expansion. We think by the end of the -- as we move forward into the second half, we're going to continue to see that. But at this point in time versus a tough compare, that's the main reason. 
Charles McLaughlin: Nigel, as you remember, what we're talking about here is mostly a North America challenge. Outside the U.S., we continue to do well. 
Charles McLaughlin: Andy, it's Chuck. So no, I don't think we're getting more than what we expected out of restructuring. We're getting exactly what we thought we would. I think what you're seeing, especially in PI, is the core growth has been trending up since maybe Jim talked about those comments and at the [ DCMs ] that we -- the incremental margins we generate out of that business. That's really what's going to [ hit the WIP ]. 
