Jim Lico: First I'll take the demand question. We don't think there's a demand impact on the tariffs side. So that one's fairly - I think - obviously we raised the core growth for the second half, so we feel good about the revenue profile. Relative to the cost infrastructure and some of the things that are going on Steve, first and foremost, I think the 232 stuff that we have pretty good clarity of has been fully counter-measured. It's ratable across most of the businesses and our team's done a nice job at offsetting it. On the 301 things, where it's really been a mix of cost pricing first, so establishing more price in the businesses. Second is supply chain strategies. As you can imagine a number of things we can do to offset that and then some manufacturing changes in strategy. We have some situations where we can - we have choices of where we produce product and so we're making some of those decisions as well. So that's only the sum total. It probably - it's really kind of a - probably number one is on the price side.
Jim Lico: Yes it's still a smaller percent. Our guide is mostly I would say in terms of increasing the guide and the strength in the second half is still coming from the core business. Obviously core Tek, Landauer and ISC all fall into different order there. And I didn't even do the order right. It's really Orpak ISC Landauer I think. But we think about 20 basis points in the second half growth rate is probably with those deals. So they're growing well and as we - they're still a small part of the portfolio but they're all doing exceptionally well and will start to add to the core growth rate here as we go forward.
Jim Lico: We definitely think its market. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the North American business is very good. Where it's really been - it's mostly focused in China and in the Middle East. Now some of the Middle East business gets transacted through Europe so we called out as Europe, Middle East and China, but it's really the European slowdown is really with OEMs we're servicing the Middle Eastern economy. So we definitely - it's a longer cycle business so the short cycle part of the business is doing okay. It's the project based business that's longer cycle. And that's why we have while we're doing a lot to change the direction of the business the team's doing a good job to protect margins. But we think it's probably slow the rest of the year and slightly into the first quarter probably until we start to see things pop up. The good thing is the Field Solutions is doing so well. As we mentioned Fluke's doing very well, ISC is doing very well. So it's - the platform itself is in a good place right now.
Jim Lico: I think, yes. So I think number one is, the good thing about it is that we normally resource the integrations and the ability to sort of bring the acquisitions along with the platforms they're in. And so in the case of both of these we've got separate platform leaders who are leading those integrations. So we feel good. We're always building capacity for the deals from a talent perspective. So number one first and foremost, when we talk about FBS we always talk about growth lean and leadership. And the leadership aspect of that is really about building the talent funnel to be able to take on these sorts of opportunities. So first and foremost, we've got the FBS capability. Barb in person and their teams are ready to go and assist those management teams. We're getting really good management teams in both the case of ASP and Gordian. So we think they're excited to be a part of Fortive. So I think we got a deserving organization that is doing a good job, they'll take FBS, our platform leaders. We'll obviously have to fill some jobs there for sure more on the ASP side than on the Gordian side because Johnson will be obviously it's a carve out so that will require some more talent. But we feel very good about where we're at relative to that. And quite frankly, feel like we got more capacity to do. We -- in fact we'll review our leadership with our board here shortly. Our leadership funnel and our message to our board is going to be we've got great capacity to continue to do things for the right kind of transactions that will continue to build the portfolio. So we're not just going to do deals to do deals, but to the extent that we can continue to build great businesses in, we've got the capacity to take it on. 
Jim Lico: Well, 22 years and I'm still learning, so I'm still trying to figure it out. But I think at the end of the day it - that the point at around, it takes a couple of years for the business to sort of - our sort of plan will be to sit down with the business leadership. We'll do our 100 day strategic plan. That will define kind of where the big opportunities are or maybe the gaps are in performance that we want to improve. And then from there that sort of leads us to what are the FBS tools that you want to use. And we really use the successes of those tools to build the culture. And as the organization sees those wins, ultimately the adoption rate becomes pretty fast. You saw that at ISC with our - at Investor Day. We're one year in and the leadership team is really using the tools, understands the culture. And while they would admit I think that they've got a lot to learn they're certainly very proficient. So in a year they can make good progress. In a couple of years they'll make substantive progress and obviously we'll be with them for that whole journey.
Jim Lico: Yes. So we - at the beginning of the year we said we thought China was low to high single-digit. We obviously just said that we'd be low double-digits in the second quarter. So we're a little ahead of where we thought we would be. So that's good. I would say we're seeing as we mentioned in the prepared remarks we're not only seeing obviously the Gilbarco Veeder-Root business, but we're seeing even sell through in a short cycle business like Fluke we're seeing mid single-digit sellout at our distributor level in the quarter. So we're still seeing pretty good growth. We feel good about China for the remainder of the year. We're obviously watching for things. We read the headlines and obviously trying to understand to the extent that there's things that might change that. But in real discussions with real customers they continue to have demand. And in Tek's performance if you take out the onetime 3D sensing situation there that we mentioned from a year ago it actually had a pretty good quarter in China. So relatively broadbased. So I think we're still seeing good growth there. And as I said we always anticipated it would moderate a little bit from the really strong performance we've had the last two years and we've sort of been a little bit above that. So I feel pretty good about it of where we are right now.
Jim Lico: We'll be somewhere - I think we'll be somewhere in the -- between low double digit and high single probably is where we'll end up. Somewhere -- so not a lot of moderation.
Jim Lico: Julian, it's Jim. We obviously have had good growth in the quarter and we had pretty good incrementals on that. We had a couple of situations given the strength of the business we've had. We have a couple of one-time things at Gilbarco relative to a customer in India and some -- we mentioned some of the churn situations in OMX, and so we had a couple of one-time things there that if we sort of looked through those, we see almost 100 basis points of margin expansion so in the segment. And so we see -- we have a good line of sight to -- in that 50 to 75 basis points kind of margin expansion. We have pretty good line of sight to the second half being in that zone.
Jim Lico: Well, I think, we've had – as you know, we have good pricing power in most of the portfolio. Where we saw – where we historically have seen good price is probably been in – more in Professional Instrumentation we tend to sell and the go-to-market there is not as much OEM, so it's a little easier to get price. The 301 stuff hits Professional Instrumentation a little bit more than it does industrial tech. So the idea of tariffs and some of those kinds of things line up well with where we typically get price. So we feel good about the countermeasures we got in place Deane. There's a little bit of the effect where we'll get all of it in the fourth quarter. We'll get a little bit of – some of the – we don't have complete coverage in the third as some of the pricing actions take place. But we feel really good about our ability to countermeasure what we have, what we've seen thus far and if other things were to come out there, we feel good about our ability to countermeasure.
Jim Lico: Well, we are protecting this a little bit. So we think about the two sets of tariffs the, 232 stuff is sort of ratable across, as I mentioned. Everybody buys a little bit of steel. A little bit more like in toolbox, obviously, versus something. But, by and large, that number is a little smaller and more ratable across. But it's a smaller number. 301 is much more focused on electronics, so you can imagine where we have electronics content. And where we tend to be more global so places like -- for example are going to be where we might see more of the tariffs. The good news there is we have global supply chain. We have global manufacturing capability. So our ability to countermeasure with some of those kinds of activities is actually greater as well and those are the actions we're taking. And I think just to follow-on is we expect to be able to countermeasure the impact of the tariffs in the year. There might be a slight impact in Q3 for us just -- but we'll get it all out through the year.
Jim Lico: I think - well yes and I think one, we're going to have mid-single digit number as against really, really strong comps in the second half last year. So that very good performance. We continue to see opportunities. It's probably still a little too early to tell how much the CapEx overall number will necessarily impact as our overall business. As you know Nigel, Tek is mostly in the -- almost exclusively in the R&D side of things and not around manufacturing CapEx. And as the manufacturing CapEx is really the big swing in that number. So some of the -- have nothing to do with whether or not Tek sells -- in many cases. So we continue to have conversations with customers. The six Series also the scope that we just announced is in a number of applications that we think will have tremendous opportunity next year. Automotive which is principally autonomous vehicles data centers low noise, low signal, low power applications and IoT. So I don't think those applications are necessarily going to be things that are less next year. So we've re-pivoted the business towards a number of those kinds of applications. So it's a little early to predict what 2019 will look like but we still think there's plenty of opportunity in 2019.
Jim Lico: Yes. So the business primarily - the core customer here is the public sector asset owner. So think of the VP facility at a public university and some contractors and architects as well. So that's first and foremost kind of who they sell into. State and local government, healthcare, universities are the principal customers. These are not for big CapEx projects. They're mostly used whether it's job order contracting or RS means or even sidelined, they're mostly used – they're mostly used for things like small projects that tend to not have – still be done in times of slowdowns and things like that. So I think that's first and foremost. I think we the business performed pretty well 08, 09 so we think it'll be fine In the sort of end market capital project it's nearly not tied to commercial real estate in the sense of new – so much in commercial real estate tends to be in things that are big building related. This is much more tied to the maintenance of buildings which tends to be pretty stable. 
Jim Lico: Yes. So we were - I think versus the market they outperformed, when we look at the growth rate. As we said in the prepared remarks, I think on a small base but the subscription revenue was up, which is good to see building more of a recurring revenue set. And the health metrics were good. That's probably the thing we felt good about maybe a little bit more optimism here is that the heath metrics we're seeing more the franchisee applicant funnel, which is a good predictor of business down the road is getting - is becoming more full. So those are good things. We have still not seen the toolbox business come back. So I think we've – I would say I would call Matco right now stable. And I wouldn't necessarily suggest we've seen an inflection point yet. But I think we're in growth mode and we're in a stable growth mode. And so we'll continue to watch the metrics to see when that sort of moves the growth rate up, but I think right now I would say stability is really the right word to describe it the business.
Jim Lico: No, I think that there's a little bit of some investments that we made in the fourth quarter of last year that makes probably the margin expansion a little better. But there's not a step function in terms of the VCMs that we would expect to see from Q3 to Q4 to make that - getting to the high end. Although I would emphasize that we do have a range and even though in a rising market to the high end it's not -- we just wanted to give that the way we give that reconciliation out there at the high end was meant so you could see the moving pieces really clearly. 
Jim Lico: Yes, I think what we will do here not to push the question off a little bit but what we're trying to do -- what we will do with Altra and with Altra going out and our automation business going to Altra and with our work in health with ASP will ultimately come back to everybody with how this is all going to look from a platform perspective. It's suffice to say that there are opportunities for synergies with some of the businesses. You're right in your numbers we will have over $1 billion worth of health care between the businesses Fluke Biomedical, Landauer and with ASP. So that's obviously a meaningful amount of revenue with good growth and great margin expansion opportunities. We're thinking through a variety of things that will make sense on a couple of different angles. So more to come on that, but I think the idea that we're building this capability around safety, productivity and quality assurance in medical applications is been the reigning strategy for all of those additions to the portfolio. So what we do is really I think exciting to be able to offer these sorts of solutions to customers. So there are synergies between the two. We don't always have to structure things differently in order to get after those synergies. That's always been the culture of us. So we'll determine if they're appropriate. We are in the process of determining the appropriate organizational structure and more to come once we -- once we're landed on all of the puts and takes going on in the portfolio.
Jim Lico: Well definitely - for sure revenue is 12 months old right? Landauer, we just bought a year ago. ASP will come into the fold. So without a doubt just by nature of them just joining us -- joining the team they will have more opportunities to be able to take advantage of productivity safety quality all of the things that - and growth. I think as we said when we announced ASP deal we thought the innovation and growth tools will be a big help to the ASP business as well.
Jim Lico: Yes we have - we get a lot of what we - purchase price variance PPD. We have a really high quality supply chain organization that's really does a fantastic job. So we've been pretty good at mitigating some of the kinds of things that have occurred over -- that we've already seen. We’ve seen some stuff on fuel surcharges and stuff like that as oil prices went up. But by and large those have been things that we just mitigate as normal course of action. So we've been very good and that's why we've been able to when you look at the gross margin expansion as an example that we've seen over the last several quarters it's been really strong despite you might say a little bit more of an inflationary environment in the quarters before that.
Jim Lico: The single site owner is probably 70 plus percent of the stations. But at the 80:20 right so at 70% of the stations but only maybe 30% of the -- it's pretty close to 80:20. So it's -- they don't spend as much money as the big retailers. But they do convert. And so we've seen a lot of visibility from the larger retailers over time as they get ahead of this. As I think we've said pretty consistently is that one of the reasons why the single site owners or the single network owners, a lot of them know their customers maybe they're in a smaller town or something like that. So they are the majority of the stations, but not necessarily majority of the dollars, but seeing them from on board. Now the multi-site owners, the other part of that’s kind of mid tier of the market and that’s kind of a bit of a sweet spot in the market. And it's -- I don't have the exact numbers of percentages but, it's 30% probably the market in some way shape or form probably for dollar. So it's a good chunk of the market to start to see them doing their capital planning and starting to implement is a good sign for EMV.
Jim Lico: And as maybe just an add which is really good to see in the quarter Joe is even though Tek didn't have the growth rate that they had a year ago because of the comp this year they did an exceptional job on the gross margin side. And it really is on the back of their innovation. We talked about the five Series being a very strong margin product. They've done an exceptional job of really bringing out these new products with more software and a better value proposition which is obviously even in a lower growth environment is allowing for them to really deliver better gross margins. 
Jim Lico: Not yet. Every business is different because kind of depends on where the competitors are. We're certainly looking to watch some of that. And quite frankly we're looking to do some of that as well. So we'll see where those opportunities are available to us but they'll be on a case by case basis. I think the biggest thing it's really early right now. When you really think about most of these things really went live for sure just in the last few weeks it's pretty early to really tell if anything is - if there's a trend on anything yet. 
Jim Lico: Well Philip thank you and thanks everybody for taking the time this evening. We couldn't be more excited about the performance in the second quarter. We're really - as we turn - as we close out the first half of the year and start it in July we celebrated our second anniversary of being out. And we've gotten a lot done. We're really proud of the work we've done, the capital we've deployed, the ability to bring in great businesses, to take the opportunity to do the portfolio transformation. Two years has gone exceptionally fast and those of you know us you know that we're never satisfied and the highest expectations that we have are those of ourselves. So we're really excited. We appreciate the time and energy you put into learning more about us. Thanks for a great start last two years. We look forward to telling you more about what's going on. Lisa and team are available for follow-ups. So we'll look forward to talking to you all soon and have a great evening. Thank you.
Chuck McLaughlin: Well I think it's not different than what we had been assuming. And I think that it's - yes there's a little bit of tailwinds from the acquisitions. But as Jim said, they're not the biggest piece. But us raising our guide is really about our business strengthening because the - as well as these acquisitions are performing they're really in line with what we've been seeing all year long.
Chuck McLaughlin: Steve this is Chuck. So the way I think about that before we put FBS to work and drive business just the net of all these moving parts is slightly accretive into next year maybe less than $0.05. And then on top of that, you're going to see us do a normal earnings growth type of running FBS, our volume and OMX growth on top of that, and then whatever happens in the second half.
Chuck McLaughlin: So Julian this is Chuck. As Jim mentioned, we had the 3D sensing order last year. But if we take that out, what that would indicate for the second half is mid-single-digit growth for them, and that's what we expect. That's I think where they're going to end up at the end of the year.
Chuck McLaughlin: Well, a great question. I think that given our appetite for M&A and our desire to keep a strong balance sheet, and the attractive rates that we looked around and looked at all the things that were available to us. We really felt like this was a great time to go with the convert. And also, as we talked about -- we've got this ultra field where we're going to end up retiring shares. And to actually get the value out of the separation we needed to replace those shares and while -- and this gets pretty close to doing that.
Chuck McLaughlin: I think, we don't expect that to be a big number. I mean, we didn't – it's not that big of a relative to our market cap that I expect that's going to be a big thing. But there'll be a little bit of that for sure.
Chuck McLaughlin: Well, I think, the dilution is about $0.04 a quarter. And the shares is somewhere around 14 million to 18 million, depending on what the stock price does. If stock price goes up the dilution comes down.
Chuck McLaughlin: I think that's – no, I think that's overweight quite a bit. We can get you - I think it's - for us we're seeing about $0.03 a quarter of gross headwind. And that's for our business.
Chuck McLaughlin: Well I think - take the second question. I think 18% is a good number for – at this point in time and I'd probably use that into next year as well. How well can it go? It really just depends on how the world keeps changing. There's tax reform that happens outside the U.S. And then as we come to learn the correct interpretations of the U.S. Tax Reform it creates opportunities. And when you put all that together with our M&A -- I don't know how much or goes. It depends on what the is but it -- right now 18% is a good number. 
Chuck McLaughlin: I think that this is where we're seeing some of these deal related expenses show up for the Altra deal and the ASP deal are some are some -- and there's also some external spend around the tax deal. So that's what's mostly driving the step up in corporate. 
Chuck McLaughlin: I think it's going to be elevated from here in Q3 and in Q4. But then coming into next year it'll drop back down into the low 20s.
Chuck McLaughlin: Well most of it is because when you think about some of the things related to tariffs and inflation it really hasn't impacted us until mid-July. So it's - the 232 stuff that a lot of other companies saw it early was a reason to go in and go into the marketplace with price. Because we had so little impact from 232, it's a little difficult to do from a marketplace. So when you look at the 50 bips that we had in the second quarter that's kind of our typical pure strength of the portfolio, strength of market position kind of price. And then the second half we'll see that accelerate as a number of our countermeasures start to play out.
Chuck McLaughlin: No, I think full price is the biggest piece of that on PI side. But Tek's got great margins and so when it goes up it does lift and it's great fall through well over 50%. So yes, it's impactful but it just really depends on the size of the impact.
Chuck McLaughlin: Yes. Actually what I was trying to say is all the things that we've done this year with Altra ASP the mandatory convert and you net all that stuff out what - where will it land with after share retirement and ASP closing. So I think it's $0.05 accretive next year. And then on top of that will be our normal earnings growth that we get from the businesses and then whatever we do in the second half of the year. 
