James Lico: Well, I think there's a couple of things, Scott. One, yes, you're right, we had another very strong year of performance in China. We finished strong. I suspect some of that had to do with maybe a little bit of business that maybe got pulled in as people were maybe avoiding price increases and stuff, but unbalanced, a very strong quarter fourth quarter for China as you identified. I think we are basing this on a couple of things. One, we're going to sunset some slower -- the -- like the double-walled tank upgrade at Gilbarco, as an example, that's going to slow down a little bit in the back half of the year. So that's one thing that we kind of know. We certainly think that we've seen some -- we believe there will be some slowing of some of the business at Tektronix, and we've seen that a little bit in the order book, still good growth, mid-single-digit growth, but probably a little slowing up as double digits that we've been in. So those are couple of examples. We continue to believe we're outperforming, and certainly it's early days. You've heard me say this a few times that January and February don't tell you a lot in China. You really have to get to March before you have a sense for that. And so I think we'll -- as we turn the corner in the first quarter, we'll have a better sense if that number has some upside to it.
James Lico: Yes, so Steve, it's Jim. So I think we're sort of looking at mid-single digit with -- at Gilbarco right now for the year. They finished stronger than we expected so some of that overage in the fourth quarter was certainly Gilbarco with double-digit growth in the quarter. So we think they're -- well, they're going to continue to be strong through the year. And while the double wall had some impact on our overall China number, in the big -- in the bigger business that we have at Gilbarco, it's not going to be a tremendous headwind. So they've continued to do well in other high-growth markets like India. So we think on balance, their high-growth business will be pretty good this year. Those markets are a little lumpy, so it can move around from quarter-to-quarter, but we think the high-growth markets from Gilbarco will be good this year. And then back to EMV, we feel -- we saw good business, we saw strength, and customers clearly are starting to think about the trends going forward and some of the things that they need to do to be in compliance by the end of 2020. So I think, as we said in July, we saw -- I think Gilbarco played out slightly stronger than we thought where we were when we were in July.
James Lico: I think, like anything else, we -- the year, there's certainly probably potential upside, but I think at the end of the day, we did finish very strong. So the fourth quarter does impact the full year number. It will probably be a little bit better in the first half than that number, and then -- but then obviously were going to have a really tough comp off the double-digit number that we just posted in the fourth quarter. So yes, we'll probably -- you'll probably see some higher growth rates probably as an example in the first quarter. If you remember, we had some ERP issues last year in the first quarter, so we will see probably higher than that mid-single-digit number in the first quarter for sure.
James Lico: Yes, so we were a little better -- still low single digit in the quarter, in the fourth, Andy, than -- so that came in around where we thought it was going to come in, and we've been a little down in, I think, in the third quarter. So even though the fourth quarter was a little better than the third, we still think Europe is probably low to low single kind of environment, maybe until -- maybe touches mid-single, but I think we still are conservative on the European forecast right now based on a lot of the things we've seen, and we all know about and just things we've seen as an example on a point of sale. We had -- one of the drivers in the quarter was Gilbarco. We've had a pretty good mid-single-digit quarter in the fourth, and we don't expect necessarily that to continue through in Europe for the whole year, so -- of 2019, so I think a low single-digit kind of view of Western Europe is kind of where we're at right now.
James Lico: Yes. I think the Fluke performance for the quarter was very good, and obviously we've got a long history there of building products for that market, building and having both production and design capability over there to really build product -- really beat China for the China market. And so I think we just continue to build the business. Ironically, and I think a great example of our benchmark, a lot of e-commerce efforts that we've put in over there really came from Tektronix, and they started that. So I think it's a great example of learning from each other in those businesses. So I think certainly, we have pretty good sense that we're doing pretty well in the places you just mentioned. And our Tek performance is good. It's always hard to gauge against others there from a share position. Things kind of move around, but I think we'll now have had three years in a row of double-digit growth in China, so those numbers feel pretty good. So those are our three biggest businesses, and that's the basis for kind of our belief that we're outperforming, if you will, and I think we can continue to outperform as well.
James Lico: That's right. That's where we're at right now. I think as I mentioned before, having been in China a lot over the course of 20 years, January and February don't because the Chinese New Year don't give you a lot of color. You really got to get into March. So our best view right now with what we've seen from a point of sale perspective and what customers are telling us is mid-single digit.
James Lico: I think what we've seen -- first of all, we had a stronger finish in '18. So that has some -- as I mentioned before. So we still think '19, with the numbers we're seeing, are going to be -- they're going to be good numbers. Jeff, I think at this point, we're starting to think more of the other way, that things are going to move and stretch into 2021 a little bit more. So no one's got a perfect crystal ball here right now, but as we talked to folks, we think people are going to make decisions based on their liabilities, so some of the larger customers are looking at where they're -- where they've had liability thus far, and we'll make some intelligent decisions about their upgrades based on that. So our crystal ball right now probably says things are -- continue to be good, but they probably push into 2021 right now.
James Lico: Yes, I think Fluke's mid-single '18, mid-single '19. Tek is mid-single, and I think they had a stronger finish in '18. So I think they got them to mid-single, and they're probably closer to low single -- low to mid in 2019. So hopefully, that's helpful.
James Lico: Yes, it's a great question, and probably I could give you -- I could go for a half hour on it. But I would say as we think about -- maybe start with how we think about risk. Certainly, we're -- we -- I think, and it's impossible, not only reading the paper, but also seeing in our own business, and I mentioned this before, Western Europe continues to be a watchful eye. It's not our biggest geography, but certainly some of the things we've seen out of Germany, as an example, would have us watching out to make sure that we're prudent in what we're doing over there. China could go up or down. It's probably a risk and an opportunity regionally. I think operationally, as we think about it from a business perspective, we certainly want to make sure we take advantage of the opportunities that are in front of us relative to GVR and the EMV opportunity. We mentioned in the prepared remarks, as an example, the Murphy's USA order that we got, that was a big win for. We want to continue to have those big wins and to continue to convert those into revenue opportunities and increase our installed base over time. So I would say GVR. And then more broadly, we're always -- John, we're always working to accelerate innovation. We've put a big effort into digital analytics and IoT in a number of our businesses. You see -- you've heard us talk about some of those successes like Fluke Digital. Certainly, Gordian or Accruent are going to -- we're learning a lot from them as well, how to accelerate some things. So that's probably all that -- we're going to have leadership conference here in a few weeks, and those would be -- a number of the things we're going to be talking about and focused on as we talk to our top leaders in the business.
James Lico: Yes, I think we had a high single-digit growth rate in -- for Accruent last year, and we delivered ahead of where we thought we'd be, although, as we said, only a few months of our own ownership, so we won't take any credit there. Gordian, probably a little bit better from a growth rate, more closer to double digits. And again, they did a nice job as well. So we -- so far, they've gotten out of the gate well. We were with the Accruent team in -- a few weeks ago for their 100-day strategic plan, and the energy and enthusiasm about what they can do and what we can do together is still -- I think is really -- really makes for -- I think both are going to be -- it's going to be great businesses for us going forward. I think you'll start to see those growth rates I just mentioned are probably the growth rates for '19 as we look at things and -- but we'll continue to look. We're certainly looking as we finish their 100-day strategic plans, Rick, as you know, because you know us well. We'll look for opportunities to invest into more growth opportunities to accelerate some of those growth rates and those things -- because of the softer nature of the business, some of those probably won't start to really take an impact until the latter half of '19 and into '20.
James Lico: Right, right -- no, sorry, I didn't catch -- I didn't hear the A part of that. The -- no, I -- we haven't found a lot of correlation there yet I think because it's -- in their case, it's such an underpenetrated market that, that's actually happening from projects versus just the ability to grow the business just by increasing the penetration of their offering. It's such an opportunity that it doesn't necessarily correlate as well as one might think.
James Lico: They're likely to decel a little bit in '19. So they were most -- as a platform, they were a stronger mid-single-digit grower. And in '19, they might slow a little bit too low to mid-single. So I think it's still early to tell but there will be a little bit of slowing that's possible. But I think we still see a lot of opportunities. We mentioned in the prepared remarks that Setra had some nice introductions in technology. We've also seen -- we've taken the businesses into what I would call maybe a little bit less cyclical markets like food and beverage and some critical environment applications. So I think the teams have done a really nice job of trying to reposition the businesses under verticals that maybe are less -- in the less cyclical markets like some of them that you just mentioned.
James Lico: Yes, I wouldn't necessarily speculate on breaking it out at any point in time. I certainly think they're -- they fit the mandate of what less is trying to do within the platform at this point in time. Relative to M&A, yes, we have a solid funnel there. As you can imagine, both of them being private equity backed. They had a funnel already working. They -- Accruent had closed some deals right around the time we closed the deal, so they had already brought in a couple of businesses that they were working on. So yes, we like the funnel of both businesses, and we're continuing to look for both small and even larger opportunities where available to bring into the business. And both management teams have good experience in integrating acquisitions. So not only do we have -- obviously we have the capital to do this, but we've got the management capacity in both of those businesses to accelerate growth.
James Lico: I think -- Scott, it's Jim. I think it would really be two things. One, probably, a little bit slower in Western Europe, and maybe China not coming back in that. We called it mid-single digit. There's a range of numbers within mid-single digit. They're probably on the lower end of that mid-singles. Probably the two things that -- I think North America's solid. You never -- it's -- in February, I'm never going to call a year I found that, that's not necessarily a great thing to do with not having an economics degree, but I think the brutal reality is what you we should be doing. What -- we're doing what we need to be doing for a market environment that looks like low to mid-single-digit growth depending on the business. And I think if North America's good, Western Europe holds in there, China continues to be pretty good, the rest of the markets are relatively small, then you start to see the high end of that. And if any of those, I think North America's probably the most likely to stay pretty good and the other two weighing would be where you start to get into the lower end of that guide.
James Lico: Yes, I think one is, we think we -- there's probably about 70 to 100 basis points of growth in the fourth quarter that probably is equated to probably was first quarter business. So if you look at our guide, you're -- part of that is probably 70 to 100 that happened. So part of our overage in Q4 is -- and it really comes down to a few things. One, certainly there was a -- there was some business at Gilbarco that -- where people looked at year-end money and decided to spend it and wanted to take those orders in revenue in the quarter. That's one place. EMC had customers that wanted to get content in business, and that went out as well. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, they had their biggest quarter in the history of the company. And then some pull forward of some of the pricing actions that we've got around tariffs that happened at Fluke and Tek. And so those things combined equal to about 70 to 100. And so we go in with, I think, some optimism around North America and China based on how we finished, but we also know that some of what we saw was probably business that would have transacted in the first quarter.
James Lico: Are you talking about the -- well, we're about 40% through the cycle, a little over 40% through the cycle as we sunset 2018. So that's about where we thought we'd be, maybe a little bit ahead. But we also see, as I mentioned before, that we think it extends out farther. So the remaining, call it 60%, we'll never go to 100%, so -- but the remaining percentage will probably be -- we said -- we've been saying, as you know, John, 85% roughly by the end of 2020. And we think that number's actually pushing out some of -- I don't want to get too specific because it's a little bit a false precision at this point, but we do think that not -- more than 4 or 5 points probably is at least pushing into 2021 at this point.
James Lico: All the platforms have growth, John. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, the two places where individual businesses might be negative for a few quarters, one at telematics and the other, Qualitrol. So those individual businesses, Qualitrol sits in field solutions, telematics in Transportation Tech, but they're obviously not even close to the biggest businesses in those platforms. So the platforms will continue to grow, but those individual businesses are probably the businesses we're working the hardest to make sure we can turn them around, if you will.
James Lico: Yes, interestingly enough, very little. We had the business booked. We were a little worried about EMC because they do have some resources that come in to approve the products before they ship, but the team did a great job in getting ahead of that. So we really had -- we had a little bit of impact at Gordian, but on balance, probably within the weeds of a company of our size and scale. So thus far, no direct impact. You might say maybe -- and I think it's too early to tell if there's any second or third derivative impact.
James Lico: And Nigel, I think as we -- it might have been in the prepared remarks, we talked a little bit about mix, but that was overall. That was just a little bit more IT than PI. So that's what we're talking about there. So just a little bit of mix there. That's overall at Fortive. And as Chuck mentioned, the -- he obviously answered all the questions within Professional Instrumentation. So we actually feel pretty good about the margins in PI in the fourth quarter. I mean, obviously we don't love a one-time charge for our warranty issue. But at the end of the day, if you sort of pushed through that, that and combined with the work that the teams did to negate some pretty considerable tariffs, we think we did -- we're really pleased with where that ended up. And I think it put -- kind of put us in a good shape as we get through the year in 2019.
James Lico: On the revenue side, yes, I think, well, they clearly, we got full credit for both deals in the fourth quarter. So -- and so I think that number's probably -- obviously, it's going to end -- it will -- it's a -- it will go core at -- in the fourth quarter of next year. So we should see -- the fourth quarter's always seasonally big for those businesses. So there's -- I wouldn't necessarily multiply that number by four.
James Lico: Yes, they'll absolutely get better through the year. They're -- there's -- we had very little impact on the margins in the quarter given where we closed. And for sure, they will -- they'll continue to improve through the year.
James Lico: It doesn't because of the products that are used, they typically -- there are products that are not necessarily not going to fall into the single-use category. We've been tracking some technologies where those might be opportunities. But I think when we look at the exposure that our technologies and our products and the products that we sterilize to single-use, there's very little impact. And still a lot of underpenetration around the world. So the U.S. and Europe, obviously, standards and regulations are fairly developed. But when you look around the world -- we were in China a few -- about 1.5 months ago visiting our ASP team, and clearly a lot of opportunity for unpenetrated market there in all forms of hospitals there. So I think it's unbalanced. Yes, some -- there's very little exposure to single-use. And certainly, when you look at the underpenetrated side of the market, lots of growth opportunities. Interestingly enough, I was with a number of the sales leaders, they're here this week. And we're -- we were with them as we roll out some of the Fortive Business System tools with them and stuff, and they're incredibly excited about the opportunity that's available to us. So I think across all fronts, as we get more and more into the business, Joe, we see a growth opportunity.
James Lico: Thanks, Ian, and thanks, everybody, for taking the time this evening. It's cold and snowy in Seattle. That's a pretty rare thing for us. But I think despite the weather, we are incredibly excited about what's ahead of us in 2019. We obviously had a very strong finish to the quarter with over 7% core growth, our best core growth quarter in the history of the company, 30% earnings growth. We think that's great, but it -- on the other hand, we know our best days are still yet to come given the great portfolio transformation work that we did in the year. So thanks for your support, and obviously, Griffin and team are available for questions and clarification tonight and through -- and tomorrow. Thanks, everybody. Have a great night.
Charles McLaughlin: So the 50 bps for the year, we've always got things that happened during the year and every year. So there's got some pluses and minuses. And so yes, the -- we will fix some of those things at the end of the year and they won't repeat. There could be other things that come in, but that -- we might have upside to that number for the year. But we are having to overcome the impacts of tariffs. And while we've offset them at the EPS level, when you take price to offset the tariffs, that falls through at zero OMX, zero OPs, so it gives you a little bit of an optical headwind there.
Charles McLaughlin: Yes, thanks, Julian. A couple of things. As you noted, there's FX, we're got $0.04 of FX headwind in the year. Half of that is sitting in Q1. So there's a couple pennies there. Our tax rate is up year-over-year. We had -- it's 17%, still really good. Those are the -- those are probably three big things they caught. And while I think we're guiding nominally lower in Q1 at 3% to 4% rather than 3% to 5% for the year, and that's reflecting maybe a little stronger finish in Q4. I think those are the main puts and takes there.
Charles McLaughlin: No, so the warranty impact is a one-time that we booked in Q4, and so that's not going to be a drag going forward. Normally, I think what we would expect probably 30% to 40% in VCM's incrementals falling through in the quarter and in the year. And just on the back-end loaded, I think we're pretty level loaded after Q1.
Charles McLaughlin: Probably, well, we did 80 bps of price in Q4, and now we expect it to trend up from there as it has done all year. It might -- it probably would get all the way to 100 bps, 1%.
Charles McLaughlin: Yes, I think nothing's changed from the first four quarters moving forward. I think that's -- I think we said $0.30 to $0.35 last quarter and nothing's changed from that.
Charles McLaughlin: Look, so the only thing -- that 3% to 5% is a core growth, so that only include -- it only -- it includes the Landauer and ISC and Orpak. And so I think I calculated it, that was like 30 basis points. The more recent ones, they won't turn core until the fourth quarter of next year.
Charles McLaughlin: And so Deane, I think if you're comparing to maybe some other companies about a big prepayment and getting a deferred revenue, that's really not how they're set up. And so I don't think that there's much there and especially moving the needle on free cash flow.
Charles McLaughlin: I think it will be similar to what the rest of Fortive would be. I just -- I think that it's going to have great margins, but as the -- as that free cash flow percentage of earnings, I think you look at it around the 120% that the rest of the company is. I think that would be great. But when you get that deferred revenue, you can sometimes see it -- you jump off up beyond there.
Charles McLaughlin: Well, I think that lopsided in terms of what we have on board, I'm not sure I agree with that. But I suspect your meaning when we get to the other side with ASP. I think once that we get that on board, we'll take a look and see what makes the most sense. It -- but right now, I think we're thinking about ASP coming on and it will become its own platform. And we'll wait to -- wait until we get to probably till the end of the year before we take up segments.
Charles McLaughlin: Well, look, Scott, we agree with you. We're really excited about the businesses that we brought on. The main thing is the Gordian, Accruent and ASP. They -- Gordian and Accruent return into that core number only in the fourth quarter really, and ASP won't turn -- won't be in it at all. So a big -- so I think when you get to 2020, I think a fair comment, but that's the main point.
Charles McLaughlin: No, I think that's the main thing, difference there from Q4 to Q1, especially when you look at what normally happens between these quarters, it's a significant step down, but nothing that comes to mind that's abnormal.
Charles McLaughlin: Yes, our tax rate is going to be 17% in Q1, and I think it was around 15.3% and thereabouts in the prior year.
Charles McLaughlin: So I talked about the -- reiterating as long as we're beating dead horses. FX, $0.02 in the quarter. There's also headwinds, as I mentioned from tax. And we've got more shares this year, it's also given us a little bit of a headwind.
Charles McLaughlin: So I don't think there was a mixed impact in PI. I think we had -- there's two things going on in PI, that's -- there's -- tariff is primarily hits, not entirely, but the biggest places it hits is in Fluke and Tek. So that probably gives us 60 basis points of headwind on our OMX. And the warranty is about $6 million, and that's another 40 basis points. As for the company, but so it's a little bit probably 60 -- another 60 basis points on the warranty. So when you weigh those two, those are the two headwinds why we're flat on our OMX, otherwise we'd be at triple digits.
