Jim Lico: Yeah. Thanks, Steve. I think first and foremost, this is really kind of the first time we've talked about a shift like this. I think if the quarter played out what really happened was we just saw the order rate move a little bit more to the back end. So our book to bill was actually over one quarter. So we really got some the orders that was just - we really just didn't get them out and we saw that backlog shift in the second quarter. So we feel really confident about what's there. We also implemented ERP system conversion at Gilbarco, we wanted to do that given we see the rest of the year so strong, that we did that in January as well. I mean, we have a little - a few shipping days in January. And so the combination of those two things really puts a few things into the second quarter. So as we said, we'll be mid-single digits in the second quarter and we're confident about that. And as we get into the rest of the year, I think the combination of our customer conversations, as well some of the things we've actually seen, like as we mentioned in a number of the positive things we mentioned in the prepared remarks, give a strong confidence in Gilbarco for the rest of the year.
Jim Lico: Yeah, relative to Tek, we're certainly seeing strong - we saw a good quarter impact. I think we are mid-single digit in China where we probably have a little bit more of electronic exposure, so off a very strong comp from a year ago. So we sort of feel like continued strength there will happen. We're also obviously building that business to be broadened beyond just semiconductor in China for Tek as well, Steven. North America was good for Tek. I think on balance we feel good about how Tek will play out in the year, the number of new product introductions that we discussed in the in the prepared remarks. Relative to Kollmorgen, really are our main robotic exposure is really at Kollmorgen. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks with really strong growth in the quarter and we think we'll see continued strength there. The new product that I referenced in the prepared remarks is really a strong application for robotics and we've got a number of pilots going out around the world with that technology. So we feel good about where we'll be. We'll probably moderate on the core a little bit in the second half at Kollmorgen just because of the comps, but the business will still remain strong for the year.
Jim Lico: I think, I know what you're trying to get at. Let me a shot Chuck and clean it up because all the numbers were up 10% [ph]. But I think what we're seeing - first of all we had a very good quarter for organic growth and the acquisitions, obviously we're not in the organic number, but as we look at organically and as we mentioned really good performance that - it's really those acquisitions that we name. There are things like eMaint, [indiscernible] so they are in the Fluke core number now. But as we think about that two principally or the three big ones we did last year Orpak, Landauer or IFC they'll go core through the second half mostly in the fourth quarter really and they'll be helpful to core right now certainly in the - but they're still small. When you look at that relative to - separate question around, what is automation do? If we look through the year, the in or out of automation on our core is about the same. So it really - it's within - really within around Europe [ph] been almost the exact same number.
Jim Lico: Yes. It's - I think, we really - we say a good performance from Matco in the quarter. I think, as we look relative to peer company they clearly outperformed the industry. On the backs of really a good expo and things like our tools and diagnostics category. I think those categories, Julian, tools that our customers need right away to do the work they're doing. So I think that speaks to that tool storage, which has been slower. It's typically something that a customer could put off for a quarter or two, if they wanted to. So I think that's what you're seeing. Quite frankly new car sales slowing is actually in the short run tend to be a little bit better because cars being older tend to need more repair. And as most - three quarters of our sales are into car repair shops as opposed to dealers. So most of our sales are not related to the dealer network, they are mostly related to repair shops around the country. So we think - I think, we have said this a few times that as the mechanic hours and dollars start to accumulate with the '08, '09 downturn, we think we'll start to see some improved economics with mechanics in the second half. And we think that tends to correlate pretty well with tool storage. So we think tool storage will start to improve in the second half and hence Matco will start to improve. But we're very focused on - we're really not tied to new car sales in the short run. Now as we mentioned, 10 years from now, new car sales go down then it might have put a little bit dent in the market then, but I think right now for how we see the year, we think Matco continues to strengthen through the year.
Jim Lico: Yes. Got it. So the economics are pretty good. What we found when bought IFC was this rental market, which, quite frankly is pretty unknown to what the Fluke tends to be around facility upgrades, where we're taking down the site for the part of two or three months. And we saw this rental program as an opportunity to really accelerate the use of tools. And what we found is that it really is a new market that very often people are not - they are utilizing the once will they have as opposed to maybe needing two or three tools. So we think for maybe two or three months. So we think the use of the rental program is going to be - is really upside for us. We did a lot of work on cannibalization now just to understand that. And the payback is really within a year. We can basically rate it a little bit less than twice, and it's a pretty good payback. So we feel pretty good about what the economics will look like. Relative to point-of-sale, we saw accelerated POS here over the last several months. It does move around a little bit month-to-month, but we feel good about point-of-sale Fluke in North America. We also saw improved point-of-sale at Thomson, as we mentioned her prepared remarks, as well as Kollmorgen in North America. So those are sort our three well weathers where we get pretty good point-of-sale data, and we look at those three things to see if the trajectory is pretty good. And I think right now that would suggest that things are going to continue to be pretty good.
Jim Lico: Well, it certainly an important - let me answer the second part first. We always look at gross margin trends and businesses when we acquire, that's an important dynamic in terms of ability to assess market position, pricing power, level of - quality of innovation. So it's always an important metric. Relative to how we think about things, as we think about the kinds of businesses we're looking at that have more recurring revenue [Technical Difficulty] those tend to be higher gross margin. So the financial intention is somewhat, but the more important aspect of it is the strategic intent of trying to accelerate some of these kinds of business models into our portfolio. So that by nature will improve gross margins. I speak to the first question, Dan, 50% gross margin in a quarter that's usually one of our lower gross margin quarters. The Professional Instrumentation gross margin were really good and felt good about industrial technology to be able to grow their gross margins despite flattish sales. So I think when you look throughout the portfolio, we're incredibly proud of the work of our teams did in the quarter around FDS to drive gross margin. That's not only business model innovation, it's also work we do. I think it speaks to our confidence in the year.
Jim Lico: So I think when we look at our channels, we would probably tend to think that it's hard for us to differentiate pure industrial from maybe what getting some benefit from oil and gas. So I will just maybe speak to the first of all. But if I take Fluke, we're - our core point-of-sale is out as faster than our sale in. So that feels good. I think probably some of it is market share, we're doing a really good job on innovation. So that's certainly part of it, but so I would feel good about it. But we have strong partnerships with a lot of our industrial distributors and having that also will be able to make. Some of this is our market because Fluke has pretty high market share. So some of the things have to do is really to make their market.
Jim Lico: Yes. I think, maybe, I wanted to just come up POS answer too. We will - while we're seeing really strong POS right now, we will start to get some tougher comp in the second half. So we'll see history strong POS. We expect strong POS in the second half, but probably the numbers might be a little less just because we will be working off good comps in the second half. Relative to Western Europe, we had a good quarter. We got a couple of secular things where they transact some of their business with the Middle East through European OEMs. So that us a little bit. But in places like Fluke and Kollmorgen, number of our bigger businesses, we saw good business in Europe. We continue to say, and I think I joked about this on the call in the year call in January that we continue to think will Europe will and then it ends up being pretty good. And they had to do with, I think, the execution that regard across number of our businesses to really do a good job in our innovation and some of the trends like robotics and things like that are driving the business as well.
Jim Lico: Jeff, I would just add. I think, Chuck wouldn't say this, but I think at the end of the day, it's pretty easy to - for people to look at the tax rate improvements we've had in less than two years and say it's kind of Trump Administration, but the reality is our tax team has done an outstanding job at really looking for opportunities. They applied continuous improvement in the same way that we do everywhere else in the company.
Jim Lico: So first of all, the guide for the year was always three to four, and we always saw in the first quarter being low-single and the rest of the year being mid-single. We really don't seem much as change share. There is a little bit of timing as we talked about Gilbarco going from Q1 to Q2, but really we don't see that as a change. We do see, as we've been talking about and Jim mentioned earlier that Gilbarco will start to - will turn to growth now with in Q2. But in the second half, we've already that as we get closer to that be deadline.
Jim Lico: First of all, we took the guide at the low and high-end of the nickel, and that's $0.04 on the tax rate coming down and another penny there for FX. We really like the fundamentals of the company going forward in mid-single digit growth for the rest of the year is really good, and that's going to drive above or normal 50 basis points of And that's not different. We are aware though that we're sitting in Q1, and there is a lot of the year to play. So we went with in Q1 and then taking up tax in FX.
Jim Lico: Yes. I think, first, as we talked for each quarter from M&A is episodic, I think, a year ago, we were talking about that and then within a quarter-or-so, we had number of transactions completed. So we do - we're working hard. We're very busy. There is a number of things that we're obviously very involved in and feel confident in saying that we will get M&A done here in the future. Relative to, I think, there is a little bit of a difference in right now. So probably seen a little bit of shorter maybe this week. Expectations on sellers are being a little higher I think, that's one of the reasons why you haven't seen a lot of M&A done in the last six months amongst a lot of our peer group as well, particularly the big stuff. So I think there is certainly opportunity, but I think expectations may be a little higher. So that's one thing. I think relative to how we think about new platform, two years ago, when we went out and said, probably within five years, we would probably add a new platform. And now, we're two years into it with three years left. So I guess, the probably of doing a new platform is more likely. But we really like the $30 billion of served market than we have within the current portfolio today. You're going to hear on Investor Conference how the things about that with our field solutions platform and the opportunity there as well. I think that's a perfect example of how our platform leaders think about growing their platforms, and we always done that. You see that results in the first quarter where I think field solutions is up over 20% - professional instrumentation is up over 20% and revenue between core and non-core because of the way we've built out those platforms. So you see in that kind of success and you'll hear about that. So we don't necessarily feel obligated to create a new platform, but there are certainly opportunities to improve their portfolio, talked a lot about that and kinds of things we are looking for to add new portfolio. If there is an opportunity to do that, we certainly would - we'd love to do it.
Jim Lico: Well, I think, probably was alluding to about 5% of the market is probably has those tools. We probably have a bigger percentage of our portfolio than five. So it's probably a higher range of that. I'm not sure exactly what it is. But if you look at some of the key categories, we've got a number of tools now that are out there. I think the best to say about the quarter is the acceleration of core growth at Fluke is getting a number of those connected tools out. I'm not sure what the exact penetration is or we certainly get back on that, but we're certainly continue to accelerate that. We talked in the prepared remarks about technology and T6 family those are some places where we will have connection as well. So we certainly think that we're continuing to accelerate that. I think as we think about more broadly around we felt really good about the quarter. We mentioned eMaint doing a great job, that's really a core part of our software portfolio. The connected tools and as well as just our overall tool sales have been good to be able to put tools in the hands that they can utilize what they want to do. Our share of business is doing well. The one point maybe a little bit slower is on the condition monitoring aspect of this, and while we think we feel very good about the solution is just taking longer for customers to convert pilots. So we said that for a couple of quarters year and remains to selling cycle we're learning just a little bit longer, but we feel good about where that's at. And we certainly detailed that in a great level - we'll get a greater level of detail of that in our Investor Conference when we focus on field solutions.
Jim Lico: I don't think, they hinder it, but I don't they really help it. I think the rental program will typically be more of a part-time thing. It won't be a high-volume thing. It's really more a niche of when customers at the end of the day need more tools and have reluctantly bought more than likely they just try to get more out of the tools that they have. And I think it's just an opportunity for us to be more pervasive. It's still early days. I think it will take us a little while now really helps our forward strategy or not.
Jim Lico: Yes. I think typically what we see, Brian, is that that business doesn't have a lot of large orders. It's typically government related, I think, when occasionally and we see that in our current Fluke Biomedical businesses, which really make up the other part of Fluke Health Solutions. Throughout the business, the only time we really see large orders is when a government agency will buy at one end of time. And that happens maybe once every other year or something like that. So that's the frequency of that. We feel really good about the progress we made on the margin side. Chuck and I were with the team earlier in the year for their 100-day strategic plan, and I was just struck by how broadly the organization was telling us, how the business tools are really applying to them as they try to fix a lot of the things that they wanted to fix for a long period of time. So right now, the businesses is a little bit better from a core perspective than we anticipated. That's good to see. We're seeing pretty good fall through there on the margin side. But it's still early. So I think we'll certainly believe strongly that we will continue to do make the business better, but I think it's still early days and it's going to be a good deal for us, and we're confident in the long-term returns here both the short-term and the long-term returns are coming in as planned.
Jim Lico: Well, it's pretty fourth quarter - fourth quarter seems like a long way but the reality is probably the end up being one of the better quarters, but we always going to be relative consistency for the next couple of quarters. And obviously, we will see how things play out, but we feel right now that all quarters will be pretty close. And so I think that's the way I think about it.
Jim Lico: Yes, I think more people - I would say that the excitement coming out of this operation to continues, our employee engagement has never been higher. So we feel good about all of our businesses and how people feel about the portfolio. I think all of our businesses that will be remaining in Fortive have and some of the business model transformation that we've been talking about, may be a slightly different aspect to that, whether it's maybe more services and on business, some other businesses might have a little bit software. But the ability to improve recurring revenue, the ability to reduce cyclicality something that all of the businesses and have been working on even the business is going to Altra had done a great job in that regard. So I think it's really zero issue with moral, and I think we have really high expectations about what our businesses can do. And I think our businesses are up to that and so that's what we talk about. And our conversations are always about making businesses better, and that's a consistent theme to our history. So I don't think this is really different than what we had and pretty close to the organization. So I feel pretty confident that our ability to sort of drive continuous improvement in the portfolio, make our businesses better as we everybody understands and believes in.
Jim Lico: Steve, I'll go first and then Jim can chime in. We're just looking at it. Those are two things that we are working on very hard. We're very pleased with the progress we're making towards - with Altra deal, and we are on track with that, and we'll get that done by the end of the year. And then separately, we're working very hard to do M&A as we have always been. But as you know, the timing of that is - you really can't control that. So I understand what you're saying, but realized we're working hard to do both of those things and the will fall in but we're optimistic about what we're seeing out there.
Jim Lico: No, I don't think so. I think the number - we wondered if you could accelerate some things. We don't see that thus far. I suspect because the mix of customers we have from large-scale retailers so small mom-and-pop shops, probably tech strategies different But what we - so we don't think it really changes the market. I think the compliance-driven situation. So the idea that people would do less is probably not going to happen. They obviously want to be complaint. So the regulatory environment is really the driver here, and we suspect of that that's the real driver. As I mentioned, we thought maybe that tax might accelerate some things haven't seen that yet. But we do, as we mentioned in a couple of different situations, we now think the business is going to be in growth mode for the remainder of the year. And we said that a year ago as we thought we will have an air pocket in Q4 and Q1 and then we would move to growth in Q2 and quite frankly that's what's out.
Jim Lico: Yes. We'll certainly have probably a year, where we are coming back from that depending on the revenue plays out. I think what we said was the move from 2020 from 2017 to 2020 helps that and sort of mitigate the drop, if you will. And what we're really focused on, Charlie, has been about the recurring revenue model growing the business organically in high-growth markets building a larger base a lot of the OPEC acquisition that we did last year was really focused on that. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are off to a very, very strong start there building a great business in places like India, which are making massive investments in their network. So those are going to be kinds of things that we can do and of course, we'll obviously a working to mitigate the earnings at the level as well. So we're probably have some time at Gilbarco negative a little bit, but between building the recurring revenue model some of the things we're doing from acquisition, where we feel good about the size and scale in that network. And what we can do because the technology upgrade that will come will allow of us for to a number of things with data analytics and supply chain logistics with customers that will build into our current revenue model. And with will fall 360 by the way, so I need to get in there.
Jim Lico: Well, thanks, Ian, and thanks, everyone for taking the time for - to spend with us today. I know you're all busy - a busy week for all of you and a busy couple of weeks for you. We feel very good about the quarter. We couldn't be more pleased with what we saw from Fortive Business System perspective and the quality of work that our teams did throughout the quarter to make the quarter possible. And quite frankly, we are really excited about how the year will play out at this point forward. We're very excited to see you in June in Pittsburgh. We hope all of you can make it. I think, you will see the quality of how we built the platform. And more importantly, you will see the quality of the team that we have, the players that we put on the field every day to make the business so successful. So we look forward to seeing you soon. And Lisa and Chuck team are available for calls. We look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you.
Chuck McLaughlin: Steve, this is Chuck. And so the pressures in the rest of the year, we normally were looking for 50 basis points in a normal quarter. So Q1 was strong. No doubt we're really happy with that and a lot of broad based delivery through with FBS. In our pricing, I think we had 70 basis points there. A good material cost savings. And we also had favorable mix. We could see it come back a little bit as IT starts growing a little faster, but 70 - anything over 50 is a really good number for us and we're really happy with that.
Chuck McLaughlin: I think, that's exactly right. And I think if you look over multiple years, the only thing I would add is the recent acquisitions or probably or more single-digit or the long-term gap, probably is going to be not high, most years probably beat that where we're giving up there.
Chuck McLaughlin: Julian, this is Chuck. No, nothing unique in Professional Instrumentation. It's got some really higher gross margins in that, and when we pop a strong growth like we did, and you can sometimes see that. Now we'll be evaluating is how much we maybe invest later in the year, but there is nothing anomalous about within the PI - gross margin or operating margin expansion.
Chuck McLaughlin: Jeff, I do think tax that is part of the business too when we're really happy and proud about the results. But I think that we lowered the tax rate to 19% for the year. Part of it was the Q1 coming in lower as really just option exercises were higher than we had model. And then looking forward, its coming down the rest of the year a little bit as we got a better idea about the mix of our earnings likely to be this year outside of the U.S. and that planning. There is a lot of - I wouldn't say, we have and but I would say that our tax team changes opportunity for them and certainly there has been a lot of change with tax reform. And also then when you put acquisitions on top of that, you can see lot of options for things to do. I wouldn't say that we would - we're entitled to do anything, but we're always looking to see what else we can do here.
Chuck McLaughlin: We actually now got our tax cash rate under our effective tax rate. So it will for the foreseeable future is going to be less than the 19% we got model
Chuck McLaughlin: I'd just add to that. We're focused on our performance here. And I think what we demonstrated in Q1 is when you look around the portfolio, professional instrumentation is a great example, a very strong performance, we took market share and so the markets better, I think, we will outperform still early days, as Chuck mentioned, but we are focused on outperformance and certainly, it's early. But if the markets continue strong then probably to have upside in some areas, but we're very much focused right now on what we can see. As Chuck mentioned, there's also some risky things there that we want to make sure we can take care of. And the last thing is we want to make sure we continue to invest in the business. It's one thing for us to have a number of good quarters, but as you know, having followed us for a long time, we're very focused on '19, '20, '21 and so we're always going to work making sure that we're investing in the future as well.
Chuck McLaughlin: We'll take the second question first. We have the business built into the business model progress through the year. So that's not going to change until we have - until the deal gets closed, which we have said will be at the end of the year. I think the important thing is, if we take the businesses out of it and really look at the business without GB is the same 5.5 mid-single-digit growth. But without the ANS businesses, its low single-digit just like it is for the quarter.
Chuck McLaughlin: Was mix positive in both segments? No, I think well the mix I've talked about was between the segments. So that with PI growing faster and IT that drove a little bit more we see a fall through. When you look in within the segments, I think, that I can say years because I think they are both showing margin expansion on both of those segments. So I guess, the answer would be yes.
