Charles McLaughlin: Thanks, Jim, and hello, everyone. We generated year-over-year core revenue growth of 2.5%, which included a single-digit growth in North America. As Jim mentioned, we saw -- over 20% growth in Tektronix and acceleration in our software and recurring revenue streams, which more than offset moderation some of the Sensing businesses. Western Europe revenue was up slightly as growth in software was offset by normalizing growth in hardware products. Asia saw a continued strength in India, up mid-teens and Japan up high single digits, which was more than offset by low double-digit decline in China. We had anticipated growth in China would slow in the second half as we lapped outside growth in prior years. For example, Tektronix was down over 20% in China in the quarter. However, it was still up 20% on a 2-year stack basis. We also saw continued slowing in Sensing, given the current macro environment, while AHS grew high single digit as electric procedure volumes improved in the quarter. Turning to Slide 12. We show operating performance highlights for the third quarter. Adjusted gross margins increased 160 basis points to a record 59.7%. On a 2-year stack basis, they are up an impressive 240 basis points driven by the benefits of our portfolio evolution, the continued application of FBS initiatives and strong price realization. Adjusted operating margins expanded 150 basis points to 25.9% or 300 basis points over the last two years, reflecting higher gross margins and the benefits of the productivity initiatives we executed earlier this year. Adjusted earnings per share increased 8% to $0.85 despite higher year-over-year interest and tax expense. Earnings are up 30% on a 2-year stack basis, and free cash flow was $384 million, reflecting a 25% increase over the prior year and over 50% growth in the last two years as we continue to grow earnings and effectively manage working capital. Turning now to the guide on Slide 13 and the outlook for the remainder of the year. For the fourth quarter, we are adjusting our range to reflect caution around the macro in China and delayed recovery in Invetech. Core revenue growth is expected to be in the range of 1.5% to 3%. Adjusted operating profit margins are anticipated to increase by approximately 150 basis points, and adjusted diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.92 to $0.95, representing 5% to 8% growth and includes $5 million of onetime additional corporate expense related to the remediation plans following a cybersecurity incident in early October. We also plan to proactively fund an incremental $35 million of productivity initiatives in the fourth quarter, which are excluded from our adjusted EPS outlook with accretive benefits expected in 2024. Finally, we expect free cash flow of $415 million, representing conversion of approximately 125% of adjusted net income. Turning to the full year recap. We are reiterating the midpoint of our earnings guidance for 2023, which is coming in at the high end of the outlook we set at the beginning of the year. Things have largely played out as we expected with some upside driven by secular tailwinds driving market expansion in new customer innovations, resiliency of roughly 40% of recurring revenue, elevated backlogs and carryover pricing in our hardware products businesses, buffering, moderating demand as order rates normalize throughout the year. As a result, we have core growth and margin expansion in each of our segments. Core growth for the year as reported is now expected to be approximately 5% with adjusted profit margins anticipated to increase approximately 150 basis points. Adjusted diluted earnings per share is now expected in the range of $3.37 to $3.40, having raised our guidance twice in the year, and we continue to expect free cash flow of $1.25 billion, representing a conversion of 105% of adjusted net income and 21% free cash flow margin. With that, I’ll pass it back to Jim to provide some closing remarks.
Charles McLaughlin: Hey Jeff, this is Chuck. No, we don’t have anything baked into Q4. We’re done shipping to the distributors. And if there’s some -- we’re confident that we work through everything. It was bigger than we had visibility to, which as Jim mentioned a few minutes ago, is why we wanted to make this -- one of the reasons we want to make this change. We wish we’d been able to size it properly out of the gate. But as I said, that’s why we make the change. But nothing in Q4. And so we -- what we are going to see is ASP to be in mid-single digit in Q4.
Charles McLaughlin: Scott, this is Chuck. Yes, there’s a margin component to that. It’s about 7% on the revenue that was going through the North America distributor. And you’ll start to see that show up in price in Q4.
Charles McLaughlin: Nigel, why don’t I take the first one? I think there is a little bit -- I wouldn’t say $0.02 impact on FX in the fourth quarter. I think it’s probably a little less than one. But there is some effects just to close that one out. And you did note there is $0.01 in corporate cost for the remediation or efforts on the site.
Charles McLaughlin: Nigel, a couple of things to think about as 2023 margins are very good. And normally, we’d think about 40% incrementals and I think it’s been 60%. That has to do with more with the productivity things that we did early in the year and then you saw us do some more. So no, we would always expect 40% incrementals moving forward. And then it will be a little bit more elevated because of the actions that we’re taking right now. So we will build on what we’ve done here, and we would expect them to be elevated from what they would be because of the actions that we’re taking here in the second half.
Charles McLaughlin: So Andy, a couple of things just from elective procedures, generally in Q2, we thought we were 95% around the world. A little bit slowed in China because of the anticorruption stuff probably did 90%. But definitely improving around the world. We do have this inventory adjustment transition in North America. But when you look through that, the actual consumables growth is already there. It’s there in Q2 and Q3 when you understand how the customers are using our products. And that’s where when Jim talks about the 2-year stack, we’re up 8%, 9% from Q2, Q3, Q4 rather consistently when you just take that one thing out. So we think we’re already seeing that and what’s actually going to use at the. Let me stop there and see if that made sense.
Charles McLaughlin: Yes. Joe, we think it’s going to be low double digit over the next five years. Really strong incrementals here like we’ve got some other examples that about 60% fall through. It gets us -- I think we talked about or as Jim mentioned earlier, with 20% of our next 5-year free cash flow, we’re going to get $0.40 of EPS out in 2028. That’s the math that we’ve given out.
James Lico: Thanks, Chuck. I’ll start to wrap up on Slide 14. Consistent with 2023, we believe we will see sustained core growth and robust margin expansion and free cash flow growth in 2024 despite the evolving macro environment. What continues to differentiate Fortive is our ability to deliver mid-single-digit through-cycle growth, reinforcing our portfolio durability and the power of FBS to deliver strong margin expansion. The consistency of our execution reflects the strength of our product vitality and alignment to high-growth secular trends, continued solid customer demand in the buffer of excess backlog, adding to a resilient growth profile. In health care, we expect a continued modest pace of industry recovery to drive stronger growth and incremental margins as we lap discrete 2023 headwinds. Lastly, in software and other recurring, our efforts to increase demand generation and strengthen our go-to-market capabilities is expected to drive strong SaaS and license revenue growth in 2024. This brings me to Slide 15 and how we drive differentiated performance and value creation for our shareholders. As we finalize 2023, we are demonstrating another year of strong execution, delivering record gross margins, operating margins and free cash flow. The sustained results underscore the power of the Fortive Business System to relentlessly drive continuous improvement throughout our portfolio. As we showed at our Investor Day in May, by executing the Fortive formula, we expect to roughly double our earnings per share and generate more than $8 billion of free cash flow over the next 5 years. Our acceleration of capital deployment, as demonstrated this quarter, further positions Fortive as a higher-growth cash flow compounder and a premier company delivering exceptional value to shareholders. With that, I’ll turn it back to Elena.
James Lico: Yes, good morning Julian, it’s Jim. And I think when you look at it, you’re right. When we look at kind of where we’re at now, we’re back to where we were. And I think that at high single digit, I think, for the year for Tek. I think we’re -- really what we saw, and you sort of answered it in the question is probably a little bit more of a step down in China. We obviously have good strength in China on a 2-year basis. I think in the third quarter -- I think we’re like 30% on a 2-year stack. But I think what we saw in China was a little bit of inventory, a little bit cautiousness on the part of a number of distributor and direct customers all around China, not really necessarily industry-based, maybe more broad-based. I would call it more caution than anything. That’s probably the single biggest aspect to it. We did have some push-outs a little bit from a couple of large orders that we saw as well. But I would say the big Pareto [Ph] bar on that conversation related to Tek is really what is really China. The good news on it and what we’ve seen, as you know, over the last several quarters with PMIs where they’ve been, semiconductor index down, a number of factors that would suggest that some -- we’re coming in -- we were coming into what we’ve been calling normalization. I think we’ve been consistent in that regard. We’ll see Tek get a little bit better in orders in the fourth quarter than they were in the third. And our 90-day funnels actually look better now than they have been. So I think point of sale in a number of places, North America and in Europe, as an example, we’re good and will probably continue to be pretty good. We actually -- China POS was actually decent in Q3 as well. So if I would just stay high centered on Tek, I’d say high [indiscernible] China trend third quarter probably at the low point in many respects, will start to get a little bit better as we get towards the end of the year.
James Lico: Yes. I think what we’ve been talking about strategically around PT has been that we thought -- we’ve done a lot of work in Tek to try to move that growth rate, make it less cyclical. Our service business, as an example, in the third quarter, was up 3%, which is, I think, a good environment relative to sort of stabilizing the business a little bit. We haven’t done as much work in Sensing. We’ve called that a low single-digit business. And as you know, we’ve had double-digit growth there here for a couple of years. So we anticipated that normalization there. I think what we’ve seen over the last sort of 60 to 90 days is what I would call more slowing. And so the PT number really in Q4 is really around Sensing. Some of that’s China, some of that’s some direct OEMs that have sort of pushed out blanket orders into 2024. Typically, some of that is our lead times coming down. Some of that, I think, is a little bit of slowness. We talked about it on the second quarter call, automation, principally in Europe, that continues. HVAC U.S. and Europe, also a little slower. And then as I mentioned, China. So that really is the PT story in the fourth quarter relative to kind of the change in the guide.
James Lico: Yes. I mean, we’ll get out of guiding for 2024. But I do think we’ll see mid-single digit, for sure, maybe just to sort of characterize what we saw from an ASP perspective. Obviously, this channel transition, we called out about $10 million. It was about $6 million more than we anticipated in the third quarter. And some of it is really why we have the strategy to go direct. It was really about the lack of visibility we really had on natural demand. When we take out those sort of adjustments for channel inventory in the second and the third, what we see is on a 2-year stack, mid-single digit growth in the second, third and fourth. So we really see more consistency. Obviously, some noise there we would prefer not to have as well. But I think where we stand into the fourth quarter, the channel situation behind us, we feel good about that. We feel good about the work the team has done. Obviously, a little bit more -- we’re not proud of a little bit more noise than anticipated. We’ll certainly take that. But where we stand today, I think, is in a much better position strategically, should set us up well for 2024. And quite frankly, that when you see the margin expansion in health in the third, 200 basis points, we’ve talked about that margin continued improvement. I think even on a little bit less revenue, we had good margin expansion. So really, when you look at it kind of a good walk into Q4 and certainly sets us up for what we think will be a much better 2024.
James Lico: Yes. I think you tried to take us up last quarter from $330 million to $350 million. But I think, Steve, it’s come down. I think that’s a fair statement. We sort of said we might end the year in the $200 million range-ish we thought, and that’s what I said in the second quarter. We think that’s maybe more between $100 million, $150 million-ish, depends on how the order rate. Some of that is just blanket orders that pushed into 2024 so it doesn’t necessarily mean as dramatic as that number. But we’ll still lock into with the excess backlog of over $100 million. So not as much as we anticipated, and that’s principally in Sensing, a little bit of Tek really in China -- related to China, the conversation I just had around the answers to Julian’s questions. But I think where we stand today is still with $100 million-plus of backlog, that doesn’t include EMC, which obviously has a very, very high backlog. So I think we still have an insurance policy going into 2024.
James Lico: Yes, that business is really mostly high centered on design, engineering and manufacturing for the diagnostic and bioprocessing market. Certainly, you’ve heard over certainly the last couple of days how that’s taken a step down to some extent. We thought our guide -- I would own this one. We thought the second half guide was sort of bottom for us. And I think as it turned out, it was not bottom and a little bit more. We think now we’ve taken that down to where we think that is. But certainly, we’re certainly a little bit overzealous. It’s not a core health care market. As you know, the core health care market really centered around hospitals. But I think where it stands today, the engineering resources, we’ve certainly seen some customers sort of push projects into 2024. That’s what the guide reflects.
James Lico: Yes. I mean, I think, Steve, thanks for the question because I think at the end of the day, it really -- I don’t know yet if this is recessionary in full. I think four quarters of PMI being where it’s been and a number of other indexes around industrial production and some of those things having been slow, I think we’ve seen pockets of that. And that’s been reflected in some of the order rates that we’ve described over the last couple of quarters. But I think if we come back to the original guide of the year, we’re on that number. We prepared for slowing in some places. That’s why margin expansion was so good in the second and the third quarter, following on a little bit less revenue. As we said in the prepared remarks, we’ve opted our productivity view of a little bit. And again, maybe a little bit of abundance of caution but to be prepared for any environment. And we still think next year could be good. I think as we said, a number of the things that have played out in the strategy. Software was really good in the quarter. It continues to be strong. Our services businesses continue to be good. You saw Fluke in better shape, I think, than maybe if we were in a recession and their point of sale is pretty good. So I wouldn’t call it necessarily yet but I think there’s pockets of things, and we’ll be prepared for it.
James Lico: Yes, it’s a couple of things. I think number one is we’ve seen slowing in Tek orders for a few quarters now. And so some of it is comp. You’re right. We started to see some slowing. The two and three year stacks are still really strong, so we’re working off a level of order -- just raw order dollar numbers that are still very, very good, quite frankly, unprecedented in the history of the company over the last few years. So in that sense, it really -- there is much of a comp issue. We started to slow in the fourth quarter of last year. So yes, that’s it. And then there’s a little bit of -- we think China maybe get a slightly better, it was pretty dramatic in the quarter, but even in -- we’ve seen some early signs that maybe that gets a little bit better. I wouldn’t call it good. I’d just call it a little bit better. So we had some order push from Q3 to Q4. We think we’ll see those things as well. So the majority of it is comp. We’re not counting on a big step-up improvement. But we are seeing some things that might suggest things might be a little bit better, and that’s reflected in how we’re talking about it.
James Lico: Yes. We experienced a network infrastructure disruption from what we’re calling a cyber-incident in the quarter. We talked about some costs to mitigate that, roughly $0.01, around $5 million that’s in the guide. That’s what we called out. We did have some downtime in some North American facilities. Those are back up and running. We definitely think we can mitigate that. We’ve mitigated the issues relative -- we have first contained the issues. We’ve mitigated them. We’ve completed the investigation. We’re implementing the final remediation measures. So we don’t believe this incident has a material impact on the quarter. So that’s where we stand.
James Lico: Yes. There’s not a lot of product overlap, Deane, you’re right, but there is a bunch of application overlap. We’ve talked about the power market at Tek for a number of and how that’s really been driving growth even in the quarters we were just describing, we continued to see strength. And that’s really been on the backs of our mainstream oscilloscopes and probes and our sourced measuring units. And almost in every one of those applications is also an EA-type product, if you will. So we will 10x their go to market. They were mostly direct in Germany and parts of Europe, mostly with distributions in countries around the world. We’ll 10x that with our own go-to-market from a capability, both direct and channel capability. We think that’s a tremendous leverage point. It is at the call point we’re at and we see a lot of those applications relative to seeing EA right there in many cases or, in many cases, seeing others and understanding that we can be a partner to EA in that regard relative to the go-to-market. So we feel good about the synergies. It’s obviously a very good business. It’s had very strong growth. It’s got software like growth and software-like margins. And we think we can really help accelerate the continued market expansion of the product lines.
James Lico: Yes. I mean, I think when we look at Fluke POS, as an example, in North America is probably the best place to think about the U.S. economy. It played out pretty consistently, although point of sale came in pretty consistently. We got to look at 2-year stacks because as we fulfill backlog over the last 12 to 18 months, it does in some respects, distorted a little bit. But by and large, pretty consistent. I think when we looked at China, it was probably a little slower as we got -- as we went through. But I think we have a good understanding of where that was and that kind of thing, and that’s broadly China, not just Fluke. So I would say that’s how anticipate it. Tek, on the other hand, was their order growth was actually better in September than it was through the early part of the quarter. I would say, though, we did see a little bit later in the month. And so there was maybe a little bit of a dynamic where in a few places. But I think that’s really what -- the biggest change in really how we think about the second half, though, is really coming back to less, maybe really specific OEM customers within Sensing in those markets I described and China. I think those are the 2 big changes that we really saw.
James Lico: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. I would say, number one, when you look at the returns of Tek from back a while ago, those returns are good, no. Yes, we had a little bit of challenge in the early days. That’s exactly right, but that’s a little bit of old tape. The returns now are good. And I think we feel good about the business. And I think the performance in the business over the last several years and the profitability that’s come with that has been very good because of the strategy of getting out of some businesses that were much more volatile, the video business being one of them but a few others, getting into more services, which gives us a higher attach rate and less volatility. And you’ve seen that play out over the last couple of years. I think as a large business within the company, we’ve been very specific. And we think we’ve been very deliberate in terms of our narrative that the power market was a very good market for us. It had good trajectories relative to secular drivers around electrification. That’s not just EVs. Sometimes, people think of that as mobility. That’s much more around storage. It’s much more around the use of renewable energy and the challenges that, that brings to the grid, the challenge it brings to data centers, the challenge it brings on storage. And we’ve got an exceptional -- we’ve had exceptional success in those markets over the last few years. We talk about that relative to our own success as the mainstream oscilloscope line in that platform and the success that, that’s had. So a natural extension of that is what we see at EA. And that’s an opportunity for us to have a high-value bolt-on. It accretes immediately to Tektronix’ growth rate and profitability. And I think investors, hopefully, will -- I think, and we’ve had good it’s interesting, I’ve had industry people that I’ve known for decades tell me over the last 48 hours, what a great deal that is. We obviously got to continue to talk to folks about it to help them understand the company. But I think when you see it for what it is financially and what it is strategically and the fact that we can get the kind of returns that we’ve described, I think it’s a very good addition to Tek, and we’re excited about it. And we’re excited about not only what it happens in 2024, but quite frankly, what it really brings to the business. And we’ve talked a little bit about this. But as we highlighted our 2028 targets for EPS and free cash flow, EA gets us about 30% to 35% -- about 40%, actually, of the M&A EPS target. So when you look at that -- at a multiple that we were trading at today. So we feel really good about the deal, and we feel good about the opportunity to really to bring that team on. It’s an outstanding team, and we think it will be a great addition to Tektronix and to PT.
James Lico: Yes. We -- I think FAL is in great shape. It’s a great story relative to IOS margin expansion that we had. Obviously, we’ve had a great year-to-date in IOS margin expansion, and FAL is a great part of that story. We had a little, I would call it, a little bit of slowing in Gordian but that is really not slowing. It’s just really -- we had an exceptional first half, and so it’s a little bit of moderation more than anything, but I wouldn’t read anything into it. That business has never been as good a shape as it is right now. So I think at the end of the day, ServiceChannel’s on a great trajectory. We talked about a number of the good things that are going on in Accruent. I wouldn’t read anything in to FAL than we feel really good about it. It’s -- we’re in a good place. It’s going to be a good setup for 2024. The business is really humming along.
James Lico: Yes. I think we’ve said sort of high single to low double and it might move around -- you do have a little bit of nonrecurring service business in that a little bit that plays out every once in a while, you get a little bit on the comps. But yes, I mean, it’s going to be that way in the 9%, 10%, 11% kind of percent probably you can dial that in for strong success in the years to come.
James Lico: No. I think whether it’s -- we probably have several dates. If I were to think about the hardware businesses, which we’ve obviously had unprecedented price over the last few years, but we will continue to have good price. We always -- we think about it as value capture more so than price. We think about our innovation capability. And if we can bring on higher innovation, ultimately we’ll be rewarded for that from a gross margin perspective. I think our gross margin trajectory over the last few years is really -- is not only a good testament to FBS but it’s also a good testament to innovation and our ability to launch products that have tremendous value. So I think the pricing environment is going to be better going in 2024 than normal. But I would say -- I wouldn’t say it’s better than 2023. I would just say it’s better than normal. And we would anticipate continuing to look for those pricing opportunities. You’ll see that a little bit on the software side and built into net dollar retention. And then our pricing metric that we often talk about is really more related to the hardware businesses. But as Chuck mentioned, we’ll get a little bit more price in health care. We’ve been getting more price in health care over the last few quarters. We think that will continue as well into 2024. So a number of things that will be -- that we feel optimistic about. We’re not in a guide scenario just yet for 2024, but we are optimistic we can continue to get price.
James Lico: Nigel, a little bit. I think I caught your question on TI and a little bit about inventory in the channel and things like that. I didn’t [Indiscernible] their everything they said, but I did read a little bit about it. I would just say from a Tektronix perspective broadly around maybe components and kind of the market, if you will, I think the biggest place we saw some level of inventory correction was in China. We do track inventory levels embedded in our guide as some lowering of inventory in China over the next couple of quarters. We are -- I wouldn’t say we’re at elevated inventory levels as demand comes down a little bit. Lead times come down. We are managing with individual channel partners relative to inventory. But I think in general, we feel like we’re in a pretty good place with the guide of where that all sets up. Obviously, the biggest decision in that is really where the demand goes. But we think we’ve dialed in the kind of demand. The order of projections that I was describing earlier in the call really embedded a number of those things in those complex -- regional complexities into how we’re talking about Tektronix. So if that’s the answer, let me know. But if I missed it, let me know.
James Lico: I was looking down our inventory. The 1 thing about us, and you know this because our working capital performance has been so good. We really didn’t build a lot of inventory into the company. We certainly will be taking actions on inventory, given our revenue guide for the fourth quarter is a little different than it was. So we’re certainly working on that. But in terms of having big inventories on our own, we haven’t necessarily been building big inventories. That’s the sort of lean manufacturing, quite frankly. So sorry, really good question.
James Lico: And Nigel, relative to core growth, I think hopefully, that slide is helpful because what we were trying to articulate is what we really said is mid-single digits through the cycle. So after a couple of years of 10% like growth, we would anticipate having a little bit of normal -- we’ve been talking about this for three quarters. We have a little bit of normalization. We talked about that consistently about that in the second half of the year. We’re seeing that mostly very, very consistent with what we talked about. I think a little bit of difference in Sensing, a little bit of difference in China relative to what we talked about. But again, I think we’re seeing that normalization here in the second half of the year. And I think that’s very consistent with how we would look at a mid-single-digit grower through the cycle. And as Chuck just mentioned, the fact that we’ve been prepared for things means we’ve been able to drive really good margin expansion even with some slowing in the second half of the year because of our preparation and because of how we run the business.
James Lico: Well, I think it’s really -- when we were in our -- when we had our Investor Day in May, what we tried to outline was the opportunities in front of us. And I think what I tried to really try to communicate that and consistently is really around the fact that we were active, that we -- I think I said in the second quarter call, I thought we’d get some things done in the second half. But maybe -- I probably had four of the five parts already drawn at that point. But I think we’ve been busy. We’ve been active. We’ve been looking for unique situations. I think everybody was looking for a step down in massive price differences. We’ve seen a number of peer companies pay robust prices. I think what we’ve been able to do is find those unique situations. Those three bolt-ons were unique situations, places like Azima, where we’ve had a long-term relationship with them and a little bit of a partnership. Solmetric, which is a tool solar tool company. These are unique things that we’re able to do that are really product extensions with high ROICs. And as I was mentioning earlier in the call, EA is really very similar. It’s a business we’ve known for a while. We’ve known it in the market. They actually are well known amongst all test and measurement players for their technology and their ability to sort of play in the really good high-growth applications. And so I think we’ll continue to look for those opportunities that are there, and we think they are. We’ll continue to do that. But we’ll also do that within the context of looking for strong returns, and that’s what you’ll see. And I think what makes us -- I think what we’ve been trying to talk about is that we would demonstrate these things, they’re hard to plan out. So sometimes they come in bunches like they did this quarter. But we will remain active, but we’ll be looking for those opportunities that are, I think, very similar to what we’ve seen this quarter, which is unique situations where we really have an opportunity to get higher returns.
James Lico: Well, I think embedded in what the comment Chuck just had about consumables is number one, obviously a little bit of noise, but we had COVID for several years, and that certainly created a lot of noise given the fact that it was a regional situation, we were kind of behind in the U.S. for a while and then China and all that. I won’t reiterate all that. You know it. I think where we stand today and what Chuck just described is as you sort of look through kind of these onetime channel situation, which we really believe was the right thing to do strategically, we’re seeing that growth now. And I think the 200 basis points of margin expansion in the third quarter in the segment really speaks to the fact that ASP’s margins are starting to get up better because the rest of the margins in the segment are very strong. So we feel good about the launch point relative to how we’ve just described it. And 2024, as I said earlier in the year, 2023, the health care market would be a little bit better. It wouldn’t be great but it would be better and 2024 would be better than 2023 and 2025 would be better than 2024. So we continue to think that -- we continue to see that. So that’s what gives us the confidence. And again, I understand, given the fact that this inventory situation in the third quarter was a little bit more than we anticipated, but -- and so obviously, that puts some skepticism in the nature of the question. But I think as we stand here today with what we’ve got going, we saw good equipment growth, high-growth markets. Growth in the quarter was 10%. So I think we’ve got other parts of the world in better shape, and now we’ve got -- we needed to get North America in a better shape. That’s really been the drag on the business in the last few years. And we feel that we needed to do the channel change in order to make that happen. And that’s now behind us, and we walk into the fourth quarter and into 2024 with a number of those things behind us.
James Lico: Yes. Yes, a couple of things. Number one is just remember, we created about we’ve created $300 million over -- that $330 million is an excess backlog number, not a backlog number. So in a couple of years, we created $330 million just to -- and we said then we naturally deplete -- under normal circumstances, we would deplete backlog in the second half of the year. That’s pretty natural. We had said that was likely to get us from $330 million to $200 million. We now think that’s about $125-ish million, call it, $100 million to $150 million, maybe because I don’t think we can be super precise here. And so it’s call that about somewhere in the neighborhood of $50 million to $100 million difference. We think some of that already got pushed into 2024 and some of it probably is inventory corrections mostly in China. And it’s really the Sensing story that I talked about earlier in the call. So hopefully, that reconciles a little bit of that for you from a numbers perspective.
James Lico: Okay. Well, I don’t think we had a big inventory correction here. If I -- I might have miscommunicated that, but I think what we’re really saying, the backlog answer I just had is really the story relative to our rate. And I would say most of that in Sensing is not really inventory as much as it is -- it could be inventory but it really is much more OEMs really pushing out. I think it’s much more of a demand issue than in excess in specific verticals. The majority of that backlog reduction, which you could think of that as the order kind of orders changing is really in three specific verticals as we talked about, one being in sort of in automation, industrial automation, mostly with Europe OEMs, semiconductor, really two equipment companies that we supply, HVAC kind of on a global basis in China and a little bit of medical with some specific customers. So that’s really the big change in our excess backlog number that I was just suggesting to Joe, and that’s really mostly in Sensing, a little bit of Tek, a little bit at Fluke, but not -- but really a big story. And relative to inventory in channel, what I was trying to suggest is, yes, a little bit at Tek relative to China. But in North America and Europe, we still had pretty good POS. And I would anticipate that if demand’s really normalizing a little bit more. So if we continue to see that, we’ll see some normal changes in inventory as lead times come down, but nothing -- we don’t anticipate at this point anything dramatic.
James Lico: And I would just add, that’s obviously a lower growth rate than they’ve anticipated. We think there’s upside opportunity as well, given the synergy and the go-to-market expansion. So we like the business, and we look forward to continuing to talk about it in the near term.
James Lico: Thanks, Krista, and thanks, everyone, for taking the call. We appreciate the time and energy and enthusiasm of the questions. We obviously have some -- we’ll have some follow-up with many of you and we look forward to that. I think what you saw in the quarter, obviously, a few changes on the revenue line. But I think what we’ve tried to say from day one is that we see some normalization in the second half. We saw that maybe a little bit more in the third than we anticipated. But what we also said is that we’ll continue to drive margins and continue to set the business up for long-term sustainability and success. I think the margin expansion you saw the free cash flow, the number of deals that we did that was very consistent with the strategy we’ve outlined. We think we continue to set up for 2024. Well, we’ll obviously get to a guide here in the next few months. We look forward to finishing the year out here strongly. We’ll see you on the road, and we look forward to taking your follow-up. Thanks, everyone. Have a great day.
