Jim Lico: But, thanks, Nigel. Yeah I think a couple of things relative to the trends, I think we certainly as we sort of said in the prepared remarks, progressively things got better as we got through the quarter. So, you know, I think every month got a little bit better certainly from a trend perspective. July is just in and is probably good as well, but good in the sense of giving us confidence as to the guide. So, I think the trends are certainly getting better. I think it’s difficult to necessarily know how long they’ll continue and hence the, you know, like through the end of the fourth quarter, but I think as we look at the near-term trend, they look pretty good. And certainly as we said, you know, we have a good sense of what EMV is going to look like in the back half. That’s a driver, obviously, macro getting better is another example. So that really covers industrial tech and on the Professional Instrumentation side, elective surgery still, you know, on the right trend, the software business is staying resilient and certainly some of the POS transit Fluke starting to be a little bit better as well.
Jim Lico: Yeah, you know, we were really encouraged you know, we’ve had good price and quite frankly, as you know, the comps on price have been pretty good too. So, you know, to get that it was mostly in Professional Instrumentation in the quarter, Scott. So, you know, I would say and certainly the software businesses were part of that. But we had good mark. You know, we had good price in some of our key hardware businesses as well like Fluke and Tek. So I think across the board as we think about our playbook, you know, certainly on the expense side, we talked about $100 million of cost reductions in the quarter, but also part of that playbook is trying to find opportunity for price. And I think the teams did an exceptional effort, you know, in the quarter to try where those opportunities exist, they took advantage of them and while you know, I think and we will continue to do that through the rest of the year.
Jim Lico: Julian, I would just add a couple of things. You know, number one is, we’re really happy with what we saw relative to free cash flow. You know, a lot of times we’ll talk about those working capital tailwinds in a way that suggests that it doesn’t actively have to be managed. The last time I checked customers weren’t in a hurry to pay us last quarter. So the work that we did, I think we’re using FBS was really profound. It’s also using it to capture and keep those up those advantages once we get into, you know, a little bit of growth mode or less – you know, less, you know, less down, if you will. I would say the second thing I’d add is, you know, when we look at the, you know, historically, we said we would preserve, you know, somewhere in the 80 to – 80 percentage range of free cash flow, when we were in a down cycle. And we’ve been talking about that for four years. And I think what you saw in the quarter, and what you’re going to see in the year is better than that. Obviously, we’re much better than that, in the second quarter, we think, you know, we can – we’ll do better into the 90s for the full year. So I think what you’re seeing is the strength of the portfolio, the higher gross margins in PI particularly around software, I think our gross margins in PII for the quarter were around 36%. So the ability to drive more free cash out of the portfolio, given the changes I think also gives us some confidence that free cash in the remaining part of the year will be good as well.
Jim Lico: Well I think there are a couple of or there’s a couple of things we’re looking for. One, we thought it was important obviously to you know, get out here with our Q2 results, and then we’re just looking for continued stabilization with – in the market, nice volatility. And while we think that trends are definitely going in the right direction. We probably need to see a little bit more time here, going forward to ensure that, you know, we’re not looking for a week to get out where we’re looking for a little bit longer time period. But we’re encouraged by the direction of the markets are going right now. And also, you know, we’re prepared to go, we’re ready and you know, that Vontier’s ready to separate. And we’re still convinced that the strategy is correct. And we’re committed to the execution. So we’re just waiting for a little bit more time and stability.
Jim Lico: Yeah, I mean, you know, Jeff, and you know, we think of playbook really is, first and foremost, as we see some of those revenue going down, if you will, we, first and foremost, think about the factory and supply chain alignment with capacity. And we’re focused on managing gross margins, you saw good, really good work on the part of the teams to do that in the quarter. There’s the temporary cost actions, there’s the permanent set of cost actions. And then there’s this fourth part about dynamic resource allocation, which is moving money around to the highest opportunities, which is, I think, where you’re going at. So we’re managing the decrementals relative to those things. We’re making decisions about temporary and permanent cost reductions as we really understand the outlook more or less into 2021. And those decisions are probably more in the coming months. But I think the most important thing, where you’re going is, we’re really making sure we’re funding the growth opportunities that are inevitably going to create competitive advantage over time. A good example is the FORT, where we bring data analytics projects for the businesses, our projects are up 3x from where they were a year ago. So we’re doing 3 times the number of data analytics projects that we were doing a year ago. I think that’s a big focus. You’re hearing a lot about digital transformation around companies. And I think that’s really what we do at the FORT is leading that for both our operating companies and some internal projects that we’re doing for Fortive. So I think that’s one example. Maybe one other example is, you know, we’re continuing to accelerate all of our investments in the software businesses where, you know, a number of our software businesses are really able to take advantage of a lot of the going back to work, challenges that occur, the changes in facilities, the new safety – health and safety protocols that exist in facilities and buildings. And so a number of our – we’re really pivoting our solutions and our feature sets at both the current Gordian as well as an Intelex to really take advantage of those opportunities. So a number of our you know, increases in investment are going towards some of those things where we have, I think real good secular drivers over time.
Jim Lico: Yeah, I think when you look at the Core Industrial piece that’s in that Group IV, which would be our sort of our Core Industrial Instrumentation, probably about 60 – 60%-ish, I think maybe two-thirds probably in that range –
Jim Lico: Yeah, so I think yeah you’re exactly right on Gordian so you get that one first. They – and really you know that’s interesting, Andrew their revenue model also is very often requires some work on-site with the customer to get started. And obviously with the stay-at-home orders, you know, we were prevented from working with customers in some cases. So, you know, there’s some delays, but there’s no – we often get the question about new construction, it’s really not new construction, it’s really changes that are going on in the facility. So we think, you know, with everything going on with COVID and facility changes required around protocols that ultimately that business will come back. And as you said, the purchasing construction dollar will start to flow back through Gordian and ultimately, the revenue will get – will be, you know, back in growth mode. They’ve been, as you know, a double – a strong double-digit grower for quite some time now, we still think we’ve got great opportunity there. Accruent a little bit more complex in that regard. You know, we saw some, again, we’re seeing a lot of good growth in the businesses that are really tied to facilities and facilities management and really returning to work, assessment work, our high cloud opportunities are EMS business, our Connected Healthcare businesses. And in Lucernex, which is our lease management business continues to be good. So those businesses are mostly the SaaS parts of the portfolio. And again, they’re doing – they’re much more resilient. Where we saw the challenges that Accruent is really one on the license revenue side. And again, on the Managed Service side, got a little bit better as we said in the prepared remarks like the – some of the Managed Services got better at the end of the quarter as we were able to get more on-site and be able to do some of our work remotely. But I think that’ll continue to be, you know, we continue to think the SaaS part of Accruent will be durable. And, you know, we’re still getting back to getting working with customers on a regular basis. And there still work to be done through the third quarter, I’m sure.
Jim Lico: Yeah, you know, I think we saw a little bit better point-of-sale trending at Fluke than we did at Tek, I would call Tek more stable, whereas, you know, got it improved, but Fluke maybe a little bit more of an improvement, but still negative. Our inventory positions have remained pretty much, I would say, flat to down, so no real inventory built. So I think as we get into the second half, we don’t anticipate any big issues relative to inventory. On the other hand, we don’t expect really distributors to necessarily take on inventory. So everything embedded in what we talked about for the guy to the third sort of assumes that sort of business as usual, trends continue around point-of-sale, which means, they get a little bit better. But at the end of the day, no big dramatic increases or decreases in inventory, nor any big swings on point-of-sale.
Jim Lico: Yeah, I think it’s a great question. I think, you know, obviously, if using the groupings as we have them. We clearly have, I think demonstrated a propensity over the last several years to grow, you know, the lion’s share of our M&A deployed into mostly Group I and Group II. So I think that would – that you know, I would say the trend is going to – that trend will continue. That said, you know, there are certain situations, I would say PRUFTECHNIK is a deal we did last year for Fluke, which had both the service and an instrument aspect to it, that was really important to our overall Fluke digital offering. So in that case and we got it at a very, very high ROIC. So, I think here what you’ll find is, if we do make some of those decisions that are in Group III or group IV, they’re going to tend to be ones in which we’d see the return is very high. But I would say if you said, let’s talk about the lion’s share of our capital allocation over the next several years, it’s really going to be in building in those groups that are articulated I and II. And they’re focused on things like condition monitoring, facilities management, healthcare enablement and health, safety and environmental, the places where we deploy the lion’s share of our capital over the last four years.
Jim Lico: Well, I have to disaggregate it into the – you know, into the groups. But I would say, if you thought about the sort of PI related software businesses, they were up about mid single-digit. And then obviously, Telematics, the big software business that we would have on the Vontier side, you know, is down in the quarter. But, you know, as I mentioned, I think the new platform that we’re launching, we’re excited about the opportunity for Telematics here going forward. So that kind of gives you the software view of what the quarter look like. Services, which are mostly in Group II buckets, probably, you know, sort of down to down. You know, I think our dosimetry business at Landauer was up in the quarter, but I think Tek services as an example was down low single-digits, something like that. So I probably would say the service parts of the business, you know, at Landauer which called as Fluke Health and the Tek probably down a little bit. But still, obviously much more resilient than the other parts of the portfolio.
Jim Lico: Joe, also part of that is obviously we’re getting a substantial reduction in travel. And, you know, you know, part that we’re very much working through now, a number of our virtual and digital, you know, work that we’re doing with customers to understand how much of our real travel expenses, quite frankly, can become permanent cost reduction, because we just don’t need necessarily make the trips that we’ve historically made. So I think as we think about, you know, as once we have a better sense of what we think the revenue outlook will look like in 2021, then we can certainly, as Chuck said, make that decision, but not – those decisions aren’t just the typical incentives and things like that, but it’s also very much things like travel and costs that are – that would historically be considered temporary, but quite frankly, I think a significant amount of them are going to be permanent as we move into next year.
Jim Lico: Yeah, so our prepared remarks may not have been as clear. So we see – we see the China hospitals up at around 90%. And in the US hospitals, we’re getting back I think our numbers would quite frankly agree with yours at the end of the quarter in the sort of 70%, 80% range. We got pretty good data from our Censis software business [technical difficulty] sterilizations. We not only have the understanding of what the procedures are. But we have an understanding with sterilization we think that continues to get back as we get through the quarter, but we don’t see it a 100% even through the end of the third quarter, I don’t think, still a long way to go between now and then. But we definitely think it continue to see we really get the data by day and we are seeing continued improvement through July as well. So we think things will continue [technical difficulty]. But as you said, it is a little bit of a type of facility dependent.
Jim Lico: Yeah, I think, you know, as you said, China was measurably better in Q2 than Q1. I wouldn’t – you know, and, you know, that was on the backs of ASP and Fluke. I think, you know, China’s going to get better through the second half, but I don’t necessarily think that China gets to any dramatic growth rate in the second half. I think it gets better. But I don’t think we’ve seen enough to think that things are going to, you know, get significantly better. So I think our China theory here at this point is probably better. The rest of Asia, I think is a little mixed. As we mentioned, India continues to have a lot of lockdowns. And but we think by the end of the year, our India business and money – in many respects is driven by the GVR business. And we think that there’s a number of things that – but the order pattern there’s been very good. So we think India might get better by the end of the year. I think as we think about the Middle East, we think about Latin America, we don’t anticipate anything getting better there. So that kind of gives you the high growth market view. The US will definitely get better through the remaining part of the year. I think the – and I would anticipate, whereas I don’t necessarily see Western Europe getting that much better with the rest of the year. And the difference there is, we have the EMV tailwind in the US, we have Matco getting better in the US, we have ASP getting better, which is a bigger US business than it does at European business. And Fluke’s point of sale is getting better. So I would say North America tends to get better through the remaining part of the year. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, Western Europe, in particular, wasn’t ripened to begin with when we sort of started with COVID. And I anticipate that to be a little bit more long – longer drawn out recovery. Hope to be proven wrong there, but that would sort of be our sort of thought process as we get into the second half year.
Jim Lico: Yeah, I think North America orders was continued to be good in the second half. It’s a little mixed around the world. As you know in the rest of the world, a number of our customers are integrated oil companies and so oil and gas prices has a little bit more impact in some parts of the world than it does in the US, where that’s a disaggregated market. So I do think the second half still follows some of those patterns that I was describing relative to the economy. But I think I think India in particular will continue. I think our position in India is very good. We, you know, we’ve done a number of acquisitions there, Orpak acquisition or Matco acquisition, we have a very good position, we have great relationships with customers. So I’m confident, as you said, it can be lumpy quarter-to-quarter, but if we look year-on-year-on-year, we built a really good business there and I’m confident that the team will continue to execute there. So I think, you know, some of the other markets might be a – we did a Middle East review with the team the other day for all Fortive. And I think they’re executing well there and some markets are going to continue to be okay. So I think GVR, in general, will, you know, it’ll depend on the market and country. But I think, you know, we’ll see a little bit better order pattern likely in the second half and on the backs of a continued strong EMV market in North America.
Jim Lico: Yeah, it’s – we’re really excited about it. We’ve built a very good relationship with them in the team. You know, what it really is, as we agree on an idea generation process, we devote, we have a number of Fortive people that work at the lab alongside the PSL team, we generate ideas, we find an idea that we want to invest in, we invest in it, we have a couple of different milestones where we can decide if we want to bring that in or continue to invest in it. And at a certain point in time, we draw conclusion as to whether or not we want to own it or necessarily do something that you know obviously do something and take it out. And I think, you know, I think the economics are good for both parties and we feel very good about the relationship. So still very early days. They bring a lot of great entrepreneurship, fast cycle product development, lots of software experience. I think we’ve been – I think they’ve been very enthusiastic in the level and quality of talent that we brought to the table. But still very early days, as we said, we’ve launched one team and hopefully we’ll, you know, we’ll continue to have, you know, a number of wins and you know, that we can put on – put up over the next few years.
Jim Lico: Yeah, I think it could be all the above, it could be a great idea that really benefits Fortive and we see a way to spin that in and we’ve got economics associated with that, so that, you know, we can spin it in and bring it and make it part of Fortive. But we also have the economics if it’s a great idea, but that isn’t necessarily that would be something consistent with what Fortive wants to become. And ultimately, we would, you know, we would decide to do something to spin that out as well. So, there are a number of options, we – I think we’ve got good flexibility as to the kinds of ideas and what is sort of in our strike zone. But also obviously, if there’s ideas that have maybe utilize Fortive technology, but don’t necessarily mix with what we want to do and become, then ultimately we’ll try to find other ways to create value and spinning it out and building something, you know, in a different in a different structure.
Jim Lico: Well, you know, no, I think when – what I meant with that answer is, you know, one of the things that we love about that grouping is, I think it gave everybody a good perspective of how, you know, it was meant – really meant to show the sequencing of how our parts of our businesses would perform and mirror, sort of the resiliency and dynamics of COVID and the economic consequences of COVID. So it’s really a framework for that, as you know, a number of our businesses are really built with portions of group I, II, III, and IV all together. So, you know, just take an example, like Fluke, as we said before, you know, a good chunk of Fluke is in Group I and II is in I and II. So and increasingly becoming a growing part of that. So I don’t think it necessarily says that our individual businesses are necessarily going to be, you know, not invested in, but what we’re going to find in a number of our businesses, within our businesses or within our operating companies, probably the best words is we’re finding those opportunities to build more resilient, more durable, more higher growth aspects of the business and that’s where, you know, we’ll probably end up having more of our investments. So as Fluke is a good example. You know, we bought eMaint, we bought PRUFTECHNIK, but we also bought Landauer. So we, you know, a good chunk of that capital that we deployed into Fluke in the last few years has been to add those Is and IIs to the core Fluke business. I think we have those same opportunities for some of the parts of group III and IV, that we can also do, you know, even within Sensing Tech, some of the things we talked about that are driving the growth there and Environmental Monitoring as another example, those are places where we’re investing in those businesses, because those parts of the businesses really have Group II and Group I aspects to them.
Jim Lico: Yeah, we really – the key metric we look at John is net retention and that combined sort of not churning customers, keeping current customers and that metric is really in all of our SaaS businesses improved in that metric in the quarter. So it’s a key metric we keep an eye on, we actually review those metrics with the board. And every board meeting, they’re so important. So I think we feel very good about the work the team is doing on all those metrics. And there’s still lots of them, you know, certainly improvement to get in some of our businesses are kind of at benchmark, some of them still have some ways to go. So we where it’s a continued focus for a lot of our FBS tools as well within those businesses.
Jim Lico: I think it’ll launch now and now we’re starting to get some traction. So call it, you know, in the early stages of launch.
Jim Lico: Yeah, Andrew you know, our principal business there is Thermal Imaging and Temperature Measurements so it ranges from all the imaging line as - Thermal Imagers as well as literally IR guns and thermometers. So yeah that business is doing well. And it also has a number of new entrepreneurial opportunities that we’re working on that do sort of fold into some of the challenges that happen in facilities relative to COVID-19. So we think this, we mentioned a little bit in the prepared remarks that we’re excited about a broader strategy here, we’ve got some people counting business that is a part of an acquisition we had a few years ago, that we’re building a solution out that we’ve launched. So a number of things that we’ve got going and we’ll see how it goes and whether it’s sort of a, you know, whether that you know, we really think the resiliency and durability that we might be able to build here is beyond just COVID-19 and we’re excited to try to build on that here in the coming quarters.
Jim Lico: I would say the biggest place, the two biggest places, John, where we see COVID impact relative to call it, daily stuff or maybe the three places is really in the hospitals and sterilization procedures that we described a little while ago, it’s getting Matco equipment in the ground, or sorry, getting GVR equipment in the ground and really the Matco ability to call on customers every day. So I think as we look through, and those are big US businesses as well. So, you know, those are kind of COVID related. The point-of-sale, stuff at Fluke is really economic related. You want to see you know better PMI, better IP numbers so and that’s probably a global point for Fluke, but so what we’re really watching for is, you know, the surgery numbers, the ability to not go back into lockdown. As we mentioned a little bit in the prepared remarks, the lockdown really impacted Matco. April was, you know, was a really tough month. But as soon as things started to open up, it accelerated back to what we would normally call a pretty resilient business, quite frankly, historically relative to economic cycles. And I think I saw today that car – average car ownership years is that of the highest point it’s ever been which is a good thing for Matco. So I think that’s what we’re watching for. We don’t want to see hospitals close back down. We don’t want to say – see cities get back into lockdown mode where they won’t be – where auto repair shops aren’t open or that, you know, construction can’t occur and sites can’t be upgraded at Gilbarco – for Gilbarco.
Jim Lico: Well, I think first and foremost, you know, we always said this year would be a bolt-on – more likely a bolt-on year because of digesting a number of things that we did last year as well. And I think that’s been our thesis, although you never can be – we’ve looked at some fairly sizable things. So, you know, I think at the end of the day we’ve continued to be busy. I think there continues to be a couple of things that are impacting the M&A market. I know some of our peers have talked about this. One is the bid-ask spreads are still not in alignment necessarily. It’s hard to distinguish the COVID impact from things and that takes sometimes an additional quarter two that results to work through with a seller. The second piece of it, it’s just harder to do due diligence, right. We can’t get on site in many cases, we can’t meet people. And so I think things are slower by nature of those two aspects. And then – but I think we’ve been busy, we continue to think that there’s opportunity, I wouldn’t necessarily say that it’s tied to the Vontier separation. But you know, because of the fact that really, we never were really tying those things together to begin with. But certainly Vontier certainly when we complete the Vontier transaction, it certainly gives us, you know, more firepower and more opportunity.
Jim Lico: Yeah, no, it means – it means some things that were bigger. I mean, we haven’t necessarily said we’re not going to do anything, because, you know, there are certain things that we’ve been cultivating for several years. And we, you know, we can’t say, hey, do you mind, you know, selling at a different time. So, you know, things are going to sell when they’re going to sell and we have to be responsive to that. But, you know, we’re obviously taking into account the economic conditions and all the things that might impact returns. So it’s a complicated answer, hence, maybe too many words here. But I think at the end of the day, we’re focused on making sure we can create value in a focused, prioritized way that probably ends up being more bolt-ons than not, but we are – we do have our ear to the railroad if there’s other opportunities.
Jim Lico: No, not at all. You know, I think when we look at what, you know, really, we have a very tight margin spread in our product lines. This is the power of FBS, quite frankly. So we don’t necessarily distinguish that the price, the price metric is really has to do with the fact that, you know, as we said, from time, time to time that, you know, our high valued brands are critical at these times, you know, for everyone. And so I don’t think I’m looking across the groups right now and trying to think of where I could point to, where I could think of a margin, you know, situation that might be different from what I just commented and I can’t find one. So I think you know, well, you know, more consumables is obviously higher margin, more, you know, more Matco is higher margin. So, you know, number, obviously, the software businesses are high margin, but there’s some of our newer businesses, so they don’t necessarily represent the highest operating profit margin. So I think, as our core businesses come back that, in some respects you might suggest is certainly a help as we look at margin expansion in the – you know, over the next year or so.
Jim Lico: Well, I think that concludes it, everybody thanks so much for going over time with us. We appreciate it. I know it’s a challenging time for everyone. I hope that your families are safe and your – and work is going well for all of you as we all try to manage the challenges of working virtually. We certainly are incredibly proud of the work we’ve done. I couldn’t say enough about our 25,000 employees around the world who’ve just done an incredible job that making Fortive just have a very strong quarter, but more importantly, building the business for what we envision in the years to come. So thanks for taking the time with us and we look forward to the calls. Obviously everybody’s available for calls afterwards. Thanks, have a great evening.
Chuck McLaughlin: Hey, Nigel, this is Chuck. I think what we’re trying to say is that we will deliberately manage the business to 35% as we move forward. The top line is on a better trajectory. At least, that it seems at this point in time, and that’s consistent with what we’re guiding there. So, we’ll strike that balance of managing our expenses and investing into the future that as we go forward. So 35% is the right number.
Chuck McLaughlin: No, I think that the – there’s a little bit of difference in terms when you look at actual operating profit margin by a couple hundred basis points between the two segments. But when you get to the decrementals, I don’t – they don’t behave all that different between the two.
Chuck McLaughlin: Hey, Julian, think of it this way, as we look at the quarter that we just had and what’s improving, IT is going to improve a little bit more than PI, both are going to improve sequentially. We’ve got you know, if you think about the IT, the Vontier Group, We’ve got Matco really, you know, is continuing to show some strength there. And then we’ve got that EMV secular trend that’s going to be helping GVR, those are – were impacted in Q2 by the lockdown. And you know, as that gets released that’s really could move out to more of a low single-digit – or down low single-digit for Vontier. And when you look at Professional Instrumentation, I think that’s sequentially going to improve. That’s where you’re seeing, you know, to these – some of these acquisitions doing really well and then again, getting a little bit of a lift from the lockdown coming off. So I’d see that improving to down high single-digit in Q3.
Chuck McLaughlin: Yeah, let me take a shot at them and Jim will probably add a few comments. I think – we think the tailwind from working capital from Q1 to Q2 is about $165 million and because you know, when you take a look at everything in there, and I think that that was just a lot of great work by our teams getting on things early, managing inventory level appropriately, you know, it’s an example of managing which can manage and that gave us a, you know, a good push. And as you saw cash flow overall was very strong at $450 million. I think that what I would expect going forward, it really depends on how steep the sequential improvement continues to be going into the second half. But I’d expect a little bit of a tailwind but not at the same level. It’s probably, you know, maybe a half to a third of that coming back as a tailwind. Again, it really just depends on how steep the increase quarter-over-quarter is.
Chuck McLaughlin: It’s organic, although we’re wrapping most of our acquisitions here, I think that for maybe Censis, but organic was my comment.
Chuck McLaughlin: Yeah, Rick this is Chuck, I would think that a good starting place is that we’d come back up the same amount that we went down, because we want to reset back to starting to growing on our 2019. So recovering that revenue if it went down at 35% and I think of it coming back at 35%. Beyond that, it really depends on where we’re growing as you mentioned, some of our – some of the software business obviously have higher decrementals, you know, as you move forward in time. So kind of depends after that, but first thing is to get back.
Chuck McLaughlin: I think the – so in the quarter, I think that let me back up. It’s a little easier to talk about for the year. I think that the permanent that we paid – we’re likely to take, we have taken action on, will be $50 million permanent through the year, obviously not all that in Q1 or in Q2, that $100 million is, you know, a little less than that. But as you go through the year and think of it being $50 million in permanent action, that’s on top of the actions we took in Q4 of last year where we did – [technical difficulty] [60 million] [ph] [technical difficulty]. And then as – it really depends on you know, let’s see how the rest of the year plays out, particularly in Q4, but I would expect the next quarter, we’ll know, obviously, we’ll know how the third quarter played out and have a strong view into next year and see if we need to do anything of a more permanent nature or whether we think the top line is going to recover.
Chuck McLaughlin: Hey, Scott. Yes is this the short answer and there’s a good – we have our teams procurement professionals and they do a heck of job every year and this is no different.
