Chuck McLaughlin: Thanks Jeff. As you probably noted, it's another strong quarter in Q3 for both companies, I think for both Vontier and Fortive. The simple answer is no, I don't think there's anything that will hinder us going forward. It's been pretty strong. Year-to-date, I think the combined company's free cash flow, I know they are up about 48%. But I think the split going forward, if you think of it, it's a bit of trailing year-to-date or trailing 12, it's about 60-40 split here and I think that's probably a good proxy going forward.
Chuck McLaughlin: Yes. Yes, is the answer I am trying to say. Obviously, there's some things that are improving throughout the year, but they will be offsetting some of the deal cost and headwinds associated with the separation cost. So that's a pretty good number to use.
Chuck McLaughlin: So Julian, I think we would think of it this way. First of all, we are a long way from guiding the topline, which is the biggest number here in Q2. What we are trying to signal is, the 35% incremental margins is how we are going to run the business. Of course, assuming we move into positive territory next year, that will come back at better than 35% margins. But we have got some headwinds of the temporary cost that will snap back in as well. And these productivity initiatives that we have put in place, we think, gives us the latitude under a number of scenarios to manage to the 35% incremental margins. The last piece of the equation will be, depending on what the topline does, we will be pacing our reinvestment back into the business. But we like the 35% because it lets you know this is what we are trying to manage the business to.
Chuck McLaughlin: We had uncertainty, I would say, coming into the third quarter where the topline would end up and it did come in better than what we built the cost structure around. And that's what you are seeing about why the incrementals are a little bit better. I think we are talking relatively smaller dollars compared to Q2, of course, in terms of the magnitude. But in Q4, some of those expenses will come back into our expense base as the topline recovers. But we are also trying to balance what we are seeing to deliver that 35% margin and continuing to invest as much as possible to spur growth and future success for our customers and our businesses.
Chuck McLaughlin: Well, with the remaining 20%, as it sets up right now, assuming we do it in the next 12 months in our base case or sooner, we don't really have any tax implications there. It's set up as a tax-free spin or tax-free transaction. I think that the timing is, what we needed to do is, we need to spin the company. We need to have these earning calls, file these Qs. We want to get to the other side of the election and then we are going to let market dynamics dictate what the right timing is. And we will be upfront about that. But we need to probably get another month, probably get well past the election, I would guess, at least. But I would like to get it, hope to get it done in the first half of next year or sooner.
Chuck McLaughlin: Yes. Deane, I wouldn't say that they are really addressing stranded cost per se. I think it's more, Jim talked about the digital transformation and the opportunities we are seeing for streamlining some of our operations and also setting us up for next year. We do have a smaller revenue at this point in time. But it's not related to empty buildings due to the split. It's more on, there are some leases and buildings that we are exiting there for sure. But it has more to do with how we see a different way to run these businesses given what we are calling the digital transformation.
Chuck McLaughlin: There very few. Most of them completed before the end of this year. There's a few, as there were when we separated from Danaher, most notably around the tax agreements where we have to file taxes from this, just can't get away from that until for a long period of time. But I would say, minimal beyond the next two months. I think Dave and Mark has done a tremendous job building their organization.
Chuck McLaughlin: Thanks John. Well, I think we are watching a number of things. And there are different scenarios and things that we can do that are potential countermeasures. But before we start thinking about, will they be able to offset any taxes that may or may not happen, we need to see exactly what they are going to change and what the timing is. And then remember, overlay it with what's happening in the rest of the world. We have got not quite half of our income and revenue outside there. And they are changing their taxes too. So we have to see how all that plays. It will be well into next year before we will really be able to have an opinion there about what it will actually do.
Jim Lico: And Jeff, I would think of those as really in two buckets. One would be the, I think what we have done is, we have done an incredible job this year on digital transformation, allowing us to do a number of things. So a part of that will be sort of leases and a reconfiguration of our sort of real estate footprint around the world. And then the rest of it is sort of, what I would say, our cost actions that we are taking around the portfolio where we think things may not necessarily come back faster or in places where we want to make sure we are protecting investments for next year.
Jim Lico: Yes. Well, first I will maybe take one note that you made. I think we feel, from a standpoint of where we have channel inventory and that's probably in the three big places would be Fluke, Tektronix and to some extent, ASP. We feel good about channel inventories and where those are at. So we don't think we necessarily will see any issues relative to inventory in the channel that could be a hindrance to growing through the remaining part of the year and into next year. So that's really a small part of it. I think we are continuing to look at three things to really drive the business sequentially here through the year and certainly into next year, Josh. They really fall into this bucket. Certainly, as you pointed out, short cycle, some improvements at PMI, some improvements in industrial production to see those continue and maybe to be a little bit more broad-based globally. Secondly, elective procedures. We have seen some nice improvement from Q2 to Q3. When does that continue to improve? I think right now, we don't have a belief necessarily that those numbers that I quoted in the prepared remarks necessarily change too much in the short run. But we are certainly watching that, particularly around the world, to see how those go. And then I would say the third thing is how much of return to work, what shutdowns occur, those kinds of things, that has some impact really on how we get on to customer sites to do things, whether it be on some of our software businesses where we are doing service businesses on-site. Some of that has been slowed. Some of the customer decision-making has been slowed. So I think we are looking to some of those things to see if those start to improve. So I think those are the three big things we are probably continuing to keep an eye on. We think the business will continue to sequentially improve. But I think the inflection point, the big inflection point really happened from Q2 to Q3.
Jim Lico: Yes. Well, obviously, we like the momentum we have created in the two, so every intention of maintaining that momentum, as you highlighted. I think as we think about Precision Technologies, we really certainly see Tektronix and what they do in a workflow around product development and innovation and we see a number of vectors and opportunities. I think the team did a wonderful job this year in their strategic plan, really highlighting some of those opportunities. So we are certainly looking in that way. And then we think about Sensing and we really have a broad view of really maybe not necessarily a huge workflow, but we can play differently in the workflow, whether it be with IoT-enabled sensors, whether it be maybe a little bit bigger part of the solution, like in Anderson-Negele where we now have a digital recorder that can really do more of the verification work. So we are certainly seeing a slightly bigger solution that we can play in, in Sensing Tech and I think that's where the opportunities will be. And then obviously, I think Tek does play in a workflow that's pretty well-defined. So I think we really believe that when we look out and you obviously heard the numbers in terms of total available market space, we really think there's a number of opportunities for us to continue to work on, quite frankly, the places where we are at today and just expand upon them, both inorganically but also organically.
Jim Lico: Well, there is a little bit of way to get there. But certainly, we like the trends. We announced a few product launches that are going to be part of Q4. We now have a thermometer that has a clinical nature to it, which we have got EAU on, so I think that. We have got a new imager out. So I think that when we look at Fluke Industrial, we had a great quarter in China, as an example, where I would say the market is pretty good and we have just done a better job of taking advantage of that market. I would like to see the markets continue to improve in places like the U.S. I think Fluke Industrial has a good shot in the U.S. Europe may be a little bit more mixed. And high-growth markets may be a little bit more mixed. So I think overall, Fluke Industrial is going to continue to improve. I think the U.S. will look good, Scott. I think maybe some of the other markets around the world, non-China, I think there's still some questions about what the macro is going to look like in some of those parts of the world between now and the end of the year.
Jim Lico: Yes. We had a really. new Fortive had a very good quarter. As we said, double digit growth in ASP and Sensing was almost 20%, I think, Fluke, obviously, double digits. So that's pretty broad-based from healthcare to industrial to OEM. I suspect, Scott, that a little bit of that was a snapback from maybe what happened in the first part of the year. But we still see growth there. And I think the world, whether the next level of growth come, they are obviously stimulating that economy. I think what we are continuing to watch is, obviously, if other part of the world stimulates their economies, that maybe provides some impetus to catch up. But I think China probably still leads the pack here through the remaining part of the year.
Jim Lico: Yes. Julian, it's Jim. I think really, we have tried to not really ever slow down our effort. I think we have tried to remain disciplined. We said at the beginning of the year that we would probably be mostly a bolt-on kind of, just pre-COVID, be a bolt-on kind of year. We obviously announced anything but I think we have been busy through the year. We have looked at a number of things. I think we have remained disciplined in that regard. I think our appetite to continue to accelerate the businesses through M&A is always something we are trying to do. I think we are very comfortable with the funnels that we have created. I think the new segment structure will really helps us understand and articulate really a vision for each one of those segments that I think is exciting for companies that are interested in maybe selling themselves. So I think we are in a very good place relative to where we are at strategically from an M&A execution standpoint in terms of readiness. And obviously, the balance sheet is in much better shape in order to give us these opportunities. And we will be in continued good shape given where we are at, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, not only with the continued free cash flow but obviously with the opportunity with the Vontier stake as well. So I think we are in a very good position right now for M&A as we look into the fourth quarter and into 2021.
Jim Lico: So software revenue now is about low teens. So think of it that way in a number. And I don't know, it's going to vary a little bit quarter-to-quarter. But low teens is probably the right number. I don't have the bookings number in front of me, Steve. But if we think about SaaS bookings, they were pretty good in the quarter. I would say probably in the range of mid single digits probably. And net retention was over 100%. We had our best net retention number of the year and so through the quarter. So we feel good about net retention. It's a little harder today, if you think about the components of net retention. Things like upselling and cross-selling, take a little longer in this environment, in a COVID environment. So renewals take a little bit longer. So we are seeing some of these things move out in the funnel. So some bookings will move around a little bit more. The funnel is taking longer to close. But I think that's why we keep such a good eye on that net retention number because it's so important to us. So having a number that's the best of the year and better from a year ago and certainly better than a year ago is just, I think, a testament to how we have used the Fortive Business System around the various components of software business to continue to make sure that we are driving the business even in a really, obviously, in a challenging environment.
Jim Lico: I think we were roughly, for all the software businesses, all up, we were roughly flattish. And the SaaS businesses, we are mid single digit.
Jim Lico: So what happens is, the SaaS parts are mid single digits. What's the more challenging part is the on-site services, professional services. That's the part of the business right now that's lagging. And that's just a situation of, it's just harder to get on-site to do some of it. We are significantly better than we were in Q2 because of a number of the remote site work that we have developed in order to be able to do remote turn on. But we need to continue to do that. And then it's just taking longer with some customers.
Jim Lico: Yes. I mean, in some of the businesses, obviously, we vary from business-to-business. As we called out in the prepared remarks, we have got some businesses that are able to kind of push through that because their amount of on-site support is less. So we turn on faster, that kind of thing. Accruent is a business where we have a little bit more service than professional services and managed services than we do and maybe some of the other software businesses, as an example.
Jim Lico: Yes. So on elective surgeries, the numbers we highlighted in the prepared remarks are about what we saw in October. So I don't think much difference. And quite frankly, we are not planning for those numbers to improve. So we don't need necessarily an improvement in things. And I do think relative to hospitals, as we have talked to large major hospital chains, particularly in the U.S. customers, I think they are much better prepared now for COVID in order to maintain procedures, whereas at the beginning of all this, they obviously weren't as prepared. So I think the hospital network today is much more prepared to continue to do elective procedures with the increase in COVID cases than they were in the second quarter. So we feel pretty good about the number we have. Obviously, it's impossible to predict the pandemic and that kind of thing. We are not going to get into that position. But I think we feel like we understand that. And we certainly have other scenarios. But I think our scenario that we have going forward is for that not to necessarily improve the remaining part of the year. Relative to getting on-site for customers, I think we are in a mode of not expecting any more on-sites. Really, what we are trying to deal with is really, we have assumed for pretty much since the middle of the summer that our customer set was just going to continue to take longer. So our offerings had to be more digital-oriented. We had to move our services organization to try to do more remote on-site support and we continue to do that. We have no expectation necessarily of needing people to get back to work anytime soon in order to sort of fulfill where we think things are at. And that's maybe the uncertainty that continues to remain. But we would love to see people getting back into some things that are normal. But we don't suspect that as between now and the end of the year.
Jim Lico: Yes. In the quarter, we had good auto. We had good semi. We had good Mil/Gov. I think Mil/Govs continued to be pretty good. And we saw what we would call consumer electronics was pretty good as well. So those sectors were pretty good. I would say sort of general industrial and it was probably the place where we saw maybe things not as good. But certainly, really, semiconductor was really driven at Keithley. The Keithley comment we made in the prepared remarks was really driven by semi. So I would say auto, semiconductor and Mil/Gov were the three segments that we saw positive growth in the quarter.
Jim Lico: Yes. There's a couple of drivers that would have helped Group I. One is, as we noted, our EMC business, which has just a tremendous backlog and has done a great job of securing new business, has really had some supply chain challenges driven by COVID. And some customer acceptance issues they have in terms of having customers come on-site to approve things has been a challenge. So I think if they had had even normal quarter, if you will, it probably would have boosted that group a couple of percentage points, probably, a couple of basis points. Relative to Gordian, I think we continue to think that it's probably a two-third, one-third issue relative to two-thirds on-site challenged, one-third state and local government, education budget kind of situation. I think obviously, those budgets are challenged. But in many cases, as you know, Andy, we don't play in the new construction aspects or the new building kind of part of this. This is really the renovation and operations part of facilities management. So we feel that that's going to continue as we start to get some, facilities still need to get some of these things done. So there will be some pressure in that for sure. So we are not suggesting that that's perfect. But we really do start our job order contracting business but generally with an on-site assessment. So I think that's a couple of quarters probably of challenges we continue to see where the pandemic goes. We were really pleased with our RSMeans Online business, which was up, I think, high single digits in the quarter. So, part of the business continues to do well from a customer engagement perspective, but the job order contracting business is the biggest piece. We think it's got some pressure for our outlook for at least a quarter or two here.
Jim Lico: Yes. I think a lot of what we have done in Sensing Tech around digital transformation has actually been on the innovation side. They have been one of the great users, if you will, or participants in a number of our growth accelerator innovation projects. I mentioned Anderson-Negele has a digital process recorder. That is all about workflow validation and then playing a bigger role in the digital world for their customers. And so that's a good example. Setra had a play with COVID of their airborne in negative pressure situations. They have an infection monitor, if you will or air monitor that they have been able to put into workflow, all around COVID. But it’s also digitally helps these isolation rooms understand where they are at. So I think our sensor businesses, through the efforts they have had over a couple of years of broadening the work they want to do, not just be a sensor, but a little bit more of a solution, that's the work we have done for a couple of years. And I would say that that's starting to accelerate. Still small numbers though. I think if we were to look at what those numbers look like, I think it's probably, we would start to see the benefit of that with some scale, probably not until 2022. But we like the trajectory that those teams have really been and the traction those teams have really been getting in the last 12 months.
Jim Lico: Yes. So there's definitely a story around the world. I think when we look at, as I said, none of the major regions, China, Western Europe or the U.S., had elective procedures back to 100%. And yet we had strong growth in China and Western Europe. Western Europe has had a good capital opportunity. So they have sort of seen more capital placements during a time when maybe consumables were actually not growing as much, but capital has made up for it. China, a little bit of the same story. We haven't seen as much of that in the U.S. And so, we see naturally that the U.S. is a little bit maybe farther behind in that regard. But I think we feel good. We had a good full year. Our biological indicator business was very good around the world. That's a part of the business that's fairly sizable. Obviously, terminal sterilization is the biggest piece. And it's really, at this point, I think, going to be more North American return. We think we can continue, we have seen some nice placements here recently. But they have a bigger part of their business is services and consumables. So I think we still need to see that sort of come back. I am not necessarily predicting that this year. But I think in 2021, we will start to see some of that improvements and some of the impact of some of those things, the placements that we have seen here recently. So we feel good about the business. We have done a number of things to get the business on track, as you well know. And I think it's on a good trajectory at this point.
Jim Lico: It's around consumables. And it's not a big number like Fluke and Tek. Fluke and Tek, as we know, is 40%, 50%, 60% of revenue is in distribution. It's not that number. But there are some aspect of channel inventory. That's why I referenced it.
Jim Lico: Yes. So one is, I think new Fortive is going to be approaching almost 40% in total recurring revenues. So just so you have that number, it's just shy of 40% at this point. So I think every quarter moves a little bit. I don't have the numbers handy. But I would say in general, we tend to think of the recurring revenue part of that business is about 80% of total versus capital. And within that 80% is consumables. Probably, two-thirds of the 80% and services is maybe a third.
Jim Lico: And that number doesn't change radically quarter-to-quarter. So if it does, it really is sort of one particular customer. And I think it's always better to sort of think about that on a year-to-date basis, anyway.
Jim Lico: Yes. We would. Yes. So we are obviously going to continue to rollout some color around the organization. But you could think of that as an organizational view as well. So, as you think about that structure, you can think about it as an organizational view as well.
Jim Lico: Yes. No, I think we have dealt, we had some supply chain issues. I think that a lot of people talked about in Q2, Deane. We have mitigated and really did a great job. The supply chain team is really proud of the work they did in the quarter. Particularly, as you know, we continue to guide revenue up through the quarter. So we continue to see revenue coming in higher as we move through the quarter. And yet our on-time delivery metrics were good, our past due backlog. So it's really an issue that's very specific to really a couple of suppliers who had challenges in their own factories with COVID and with, as I said, the customer on-site work, which is just tougher to communicate and sort of coordinate, if you will, with a bunch of customers in a business where you need on-site approval before you ship to a customer.
Jim Lico: Yes. And I guess also part of your question is, boy, you got ASP at quite the value. But I think at the end of the day, we have now built a $1 billion platform in healthcare. And as you said, I think we have a very good position. Our position is really and the workflow we are really talking about is really, in many respects, hospital enablement. It's about helping hospitals be more innovative, help them drive efficiencies, deal with patient safety. And I think there's a number of opportunities. We have got a wonderful amount of work that we have done around that workflow. We think the current businesses we have today have opportunities. And we do think we have a number of opportunities. I think we bought Censis last year. It's our most recent acquisition, which has been a very good deal for us. And again, I think we would continue to see, add a good value. So I think we have been able to find opportunities. And it's really about what we can do with them now. And I think now with a scalable $1 billion platform, two years ago, three years ago, four years ago, we didn't have necessarily that platform on which to build on, which you can generally get faster returns in some cases because you are buying, you now have bolt-on opportunities, right? And so the mix of capital allocation can be a mix of maybe longer term returns and some value creation opportunities. And I think now more than ever, we have that opportunity, John. So I think we are really excited about the work that we have done there. And we are excited that we are pushing through and got ASP into the family in the timeframe we said it would be a lot of work to get there. But I think now we have a launch pad on which to build off of.
Jim Lico: Yes. So I think first, I am not sure we would necessarily, in North America, I think in Q2, we were in the 75%-ish load at its low point. That's probably a good number to sort of work from. And I think where we are at today, you never know. So there's certainly ambiguity in every one of these comments. But I think we believe that just because of our own on-site work in the last few months that the hospitals are much better prepared for what could potentially happen with caseloads going up. And obviously, the financial situation in which elective procedures are a tremendous funding mechanism for hospitals. There's a financial ramification to getting rid of elective procedures. So I think we feel that the numbers we quoted a few times on the call today, that sort of 90%-ish range in the U.S., I think that's where we think the rest of the remaining part of the year will be. And then let's see what the trend line looks like for 2021. I wouldn't begin to start to predict what those numbers would look like for next year. Western Europe, let's see. One country is not going to make a huge difference. We would need to see that pretty broad-based. Let's see where that goes. And again, I think sterilizations continue. The good thing about this is that there are a lot of elective procedures. There's still a lot of procedures that go on that are not elective as part of the business. So surgeries still happen. A lot of procedures have to happen because they are emergency-related. So as I said, I think let's see where that goes. For sure, we are prepared for a variety of scenarios.
Jim Lico: I think we are going to have to call it there. I apologize if we didn't get to you. Certainly, Griffin and Ross are available for follow-up conversations if we didn't get you or for anything that is needed. We obviously want to thank everyone. I want to thank everyone, it's hard to believe that 2020 is three quarters or really 10 months now finished. It's been a tough year for everyone. I know I am including everyone on this call. We appreciate all the support. We are incredibly excited about where we are at. We are excited for everything that we have going, the new segmentation. Hopefully, you see the excitement that we have in our voices as we move forward with new Fortive. And we know the Vontier team is going to do an outstanding job. They will be on the phone on Thursday. And I know they are going to do a great job. Best of luck to them as well to our friends over there. Mark and Dave are going to be great. Thanks everybody. Have a great evening. We will talk to you soon.
