James Lico: Yes, I think -- first to your question. I do think that the purdue [ph]  of the Fluke industrial business is probably more the canary in a coal mine, to use the metaphor. I think if you looked at Fluke just -- we were very happy about the performance. The Fluke industrial business had a good quarter. We mentioned in the prepared remarks that Western Europe and China was very good. But I think on balance, what we saw in the quarter was stability and a little bit of improvement through some of the product innovations that are going on at Fluke. We talked about Fluke Connect and some of that is helpful, some other products that they've launched here this year. So I think on balance, we've said stabilization. We saw a little bit of a pickup at Fluke as we said, and we think that, that should continue. It's really not around easier comps, so this is -- we do think is really a little bit of improvement here. 
James Lico: And maybe, one other -- Scott, maybe just to finish that thought, I'm sorry. The other thing we look at is the point-of-sale information. Obviously, with the number of publicly traded distributors that you know well, we saw a little bit of improvement in point-of-sale through the quarter. 
James Lico: Well, I think -- Chuck and I -- I think we are really pleased with the diversity of the pipeline right now. And as you mentioned, the -- we're really excited about bringing on eMaint and GTT into the portfolio, into the Fortive family this quarter. They're great additions to our strategy around positioning our businesses around secular trends. In the case of eMaint, really around SaaS-based business, it's a 100% SaaS business. In the case of GTT, we're really reframing Transportation Technologies around some of the new trends in urbanization and safety because of traffic congestion. So I think you'd see our deals continue to be those kinds of deals. But we do have a diverse pipeline right now. You can never time when deals will occur. But both diversity across platforms and size, we're seeing both of those right now. So it's hard to predict when things would occur. We would certainly like to do more sizable transactions. So it's not that we won't -- we'll just be doing small bolt-on deals. You're right in your comment. These are probably -- the return on these are in the lower -- in a fewer years than maybe a larger scale more platform-like deal, but we think balance of that is good for us both short term and long term. 
James Lico: Well, I think that -- Steve, it's Jim. A couple of things, maybe. First, I think what we tried to call out is both restructuring and growth investment. These are incremental to what we are already planning, as you mentioned. Our history here is to do maybe what we have called some quiet restructuring around businesses as we see fit. We think that with some of the overage in the quarter that we had, we were -- obviously, I think demonstrates the strong earnings potential we have when we get a little bit of core growth. And we made the decision, I think, to manage the business both for the long and short term, a little bit of incremental growth investment, to double down on a number of things that we think are really important. You heard about a couple of those on the call like Condition Monitoring at Fluke and then Gilbarco's EMV portfolio. So we are doing a little bit of that. Certainly, as Chuck mentioned, some of our markets are a little noisy, and so there are some product lines and businesses where things are not maybe as good as they need to be, and so we'll take the opportunity to do some things to make sure that those businesses continue to invest next year through taking some costs out. So a good balance of things. Because it's incremental to our prior guidance, we thought it was important to highlight it. But I think on balance, we're exceptionally excited about the quarter. And I think the degrees of freedom that we have in order to invest in the business is really the takeaway for everyone. 
James Lico: I think when we think about the Q4, we'll probably -- as Chuck mentioned, I think when you take into the backlog that we were able to -- that really was shipped in 3Q, you take -- we don't anticipate Western Europe to be as good as the third quarter. We -- it will probably be a little bit better against that 1% or 2% that we might have had when you take those out of 3Q. So I think we'll sequentially be a little better. But again, I think given the environment, it's -- I think we're cautiously optimistic. But against the backdrop of what we're seeing in other -- with other peers in other markets, we think it's appropriate to be cautious to make sure that given the external environment, we manage the business appropriately. 
James Lico: Yes. I'd certainly give you a little bit more color on the deal. The 2 in the quarter were eMaint Enterprises for Fluke and GTT, which is within our Transportation Technologies platform. Both great businesses. Both directed towards secular trends with a good growth profile, but small. Those -- the multiples on revenue would probably be higher-than-normal given the smaller nature of the deal. They're probably closer in the 3x to 4x range on a revenue multiple. But I think the most important thing is around return. And given the nature of how these businesses are consistent with what we're trying to do within those platforms, the return profile is very good. It's certainly within the 10% in 3 years. So I think you'll, from time to time, probably see us pay a little bit more, pay up a little bit for growth here, kinds of things to the platform, but probably more than likely in many cases be smaller. And so -- and more adjacent, and so we can get to the return profile pretty quickly. 
James Lico: Yes. The -- we were very pleased in the quarter, given the -- while they were still -- while they still declined in the third, they were sequentially better than the -- from the second quarter. So that standpoint, we were pleased with performance. And as we noted -- as I noted in the highlighted remarks, the high-growth markets turned to growth. So I think that's a really good trend for us, and we think that probably continues. China continues to lead the way there. That's really a few years of spadework that we've done both on the product side and the go-to-market side to be prepared to take advantage opportunities there. So I think the team is executing very well there. The North American and Western European markets are still pretty noisy and many of those -- many of the vertical markets we play in are just outright slow. So I don't expect that to improve anytime soon. We've also got -- while we don't have a lot of business in the semiconductor industry in North America, you do see a lot of consolidation there. So I think on balance, we think the next couple of quarters continue to be rough. We think as we get into the -- maybe the back half of '17, we've got a new platform -- some new platform technologies and products coming out that we think can help us make a little bit more of our own luck. But at this point, in terms of just kind of -- we're not expecting any big macro tailwind to help us there. So I think on balance, we're trying to make our own luck and the team is executing well. 
James Lico: I think -- well, as we noted, we still are -- we are still getting indoor revenues. So maybe to be clear on that, it's just that, at this point, it's now starting to decelerate. And we're just starting to see the EMV product lines, if you will, EMV dispensers and kits start to sell now. I think as we look at the funnel, Chuck and I were with the team a couple of weeks ago for the strategic plan. I had an opportunity to grow through the funnels. And I think from that standpoint, the funnels look very good. We're starting to see some of the business transact. As we noted in the remarks, we did see more kits this quarter, and so I think it's not -- I wouldn't draw any trend into that yet. We'll continue to update you as we go through. We continue to believe that this is a $500 million incremental market opportunity for the players in the market. But it's still very early days, and while we like the progress we've made, I certainly think that trying to determine what that mix between kits and dispensers will be is probably a few more quarters here before we really see that. But we see -- we do see customer enthusiasm, and I still maintain that this thing is going to draw out well beyond the -- I think everything we've seen. We had the National Association of Convenience Store trade show last week and -- there -- and -- I think what we saw there was -- was customers there. We definitely heard that not everybody is going to go from -- during 2017. 
James Lico: I think most of -- so we don't see -- in the point-of-sale business, we don't see all the markets. So we have to sometimes take some of the other -- we have to combine sort of with all the other industry players. We have a little bit better view of payment on the outdoor because we sell a dispenser in that market. But on the -- we think probably we're in the 70% range probably right now. I think that's what prognosticators are probably at. And quite frankly, I don't -- we don't think it'll get to 100%. So the tail-off probably now is -- I don't think we can estimate when we get to -- when the next 10 points come. But certainly, the slowing rate right now means that we're starting to see probably relatively close to saturation. 
James Lico: Yes, I do. I think when you look kind of where we've been, we think we're in the range of GDP. And certainly with -- we're not completely tied to that because we're tied to some good secular trends like what we've got going at Gilbarco. But also -- with EMV. But also at Qualitrol where condition monitoring becomes a real important thing for utilities around the world. So I think you see the acquisitions that we have this quarter as well, trying to tie to things that even in a tougher industrial environment are going to resonate with customers who are trying for better productivity and safety in their operations. So we think that's still achievable. And as I think we mentioned, over time, as we get the M&A cycle moving a little bit to accelerate core growth within the platforms, GDP+ is probably achievable as well. 
James Lico: Lee, maybe I'll just add. As we said before, we did -- I think what we said in the earnings call in August was things were pretty stable, but September was a big month. And so I think that's what we really always see is September is always a big month. It's hard to make a macro read in August until you see September play out. We were very pleased to see how September played. As I mentioned -- and I think Chuck is exactly right in his comments around what we saw. So I think if we were just sort of -- we think -- we're not calling any macro tailwind here at any point in time. We saw stability through the quarter. We saw a little bit of stability at the end of the second quarter. So a few quarters in a row of stability is sort of -- is our sort of base plan of how we think about things right now. 
James Lico: Well, I think for sure, we'd start with field solutions. I think as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, Qualitrol, while not the biggest business in Professional Instrumentation, but 10 consecutive quarters of core growth and several of their new offerings, I think, will continue to drive growth there. We think that what we're doing with Fluke Connect and connected devices and the combination with eMaint will also be something that can create a little bit of our own luck as well. So I think those are 2 places. I already mentioned a little bit about Tek in the second half. Our sensors businesses should start to come back to growth. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, some good business with the Navy. There's a number of other situations that we think play out that could potentially give us a little better performance here going forward. So obviously, we haven't given 2017 update yet, but that's where we're sort of -- Chuck and I will go into the budget here shortly, we'll sit with all of our businesses here in our sort of budget season and we'll have a better sense of kind of how they're thinking about the lay of the quarter as they lay in a number of their growth initiatives. 
James Lico: Well, I think first thing, it starts with FBS, and everything we do across all the portfolios, including price, that helps But it's not just price. It's -- we're continuing -- our procurement teams do a wonderful job of finding ways in leveraging our scale in what we do. So that's the #1 bar on the Pareto chart. I think that when you look at Industrial Technologies, it's a little easier to see with the core growth that we're seeing there. But relatively, just in the positive territory, this is a good -- it's not a big tailwind from any cost takeout, it's really the deployment of FBS. 
James Lico: Well, I think first, they're mostly a U.S.-based business, so I think that's first and foremost. They are business not of huge scale. I think one of the things we always bring to the party on these small bolt-on deals is the ability to scale the business. And I think entrepreneurs and folks around the world always look for us to be a scaler of their business. And so that's certainly true with both the deals in the quarter. So I think that it starts with that. And as we mentioned, these businesses are under $50 million in revenue. So we think they're great businesses. We can scale them. In the case of GTT, they really are helping municipalities. If you think about it quickly, they helped -- they started with the business that helped firetrucks, and other first responders changed the signal in order to go through streets. But they moved into urbanization through a number of things with municipal buses and things like that. So they're really very much in the forefront of helping traffic move through cities, and as you can imagine, a pretty big problem, not just in Seattle where we live, but everywhere around the world. So an opportunity to globalize the business, for sure. 
James Lico: Well, yes, thanks, Andrew. I think China, as I mentioned -- just to go finish the Tek thought, for sure, Tek is doing a good job, and they've had several quarters in a row of good performance in China. I think it goes back to last year. So I think that they're certainly tapping into several trends on investment and doing an exceptional job there of, I think, doing better even than the market. I think if you look more broad-based, and we do have pretty good broad-based growth, we're seeing growth in our automation businesses and even -- while our sensor businesses are not growing overall, they're growing in China. So -- and then Fluke continues to do well. So it actually is fairly broad-based, but I do think that this really is part of -- part of our success has to do with the fact that we've been in China for a long time. Our businesses have continued to look for new areas of growth. We have a lot of capability over there in terms of manufacturing, engineering, so your product design for the market. And I'd like to think that part of our performance is the fact that we were very much tapping into a number of the drivers that go on in China as a Chinese company would because of our long-term establishment of being over there for quite a long time. 
James Lico: So, Steve, first, let me apologize. Let me make sure that I'm clear. We do not see a step-down at all at Gilbarco in the fourth quarter. We will see continued strong performance. And we don't -- while no one has a crystal ball, certainly, the -- I think it's 5 consecutive quarters of growth there, a very good growth. We see that continuing for many -- for as long as we can see out there right now. So there will be no deceleration at Gilbarco in the fourth. I just want to make sure that's clear. What I was trying to say is that the point-of-sale part of EMV will start to decelerate, and the outdoor side of EMV is accelerating. So that's kind of the plus and the minus. Just to characterize that, that -- the outdoor opportunity is much bigger than the indoor because, as you can imagine, there's only 1 or 2 payment devices inside the store. But there might be as many -- 10 dispensers on the outdoor. So the opportunity is much bigger. And so -- and we're just starting to see that. So we'll see good performance in the fourth quarter at Gilbarco against a good -- against a tough comp. So we feel very strongly. To your question about where the growth there is coming from, certainly, the U.S. is driving a good chunk of their growth, but they're still growing. And so Gilbarco -- I mentioned the share gains they've been having in Europe, particularly with a major oil retailer in Italy. But a number of share gains across a number of big customers in Europe and around in many of the high-growth markets. So not every high-growth market is growing for them. Latin America has been a challenge. A couple other markets have been challenges. They've had good growth in the Middle East. So I think that's where they stand. And we continue to see -- EMV will be a driver of their performance, but it won't be the only place where they perform. 
James Lico: We think the market is at least a mid-single-digit grower. I have to think about it, but I think we're -- I think the available market there is maybe $0.25 billion or something like that for their specific segments. I think the broader thing that we have the opportunity to do, as we mentioned, is we moved from just retail petroleum to the more telematics revenue as well as new things around smart transportation. We do have an opportunity to add a bigger available market to the platform over time. So this is a good start but not -- certainly maybe, we've evolved the platform with telematics a few years ago, we've evolved it again with GTT and we'll continue to evolve it over time. 
James Lico: Well, I think we don't have -- in the sense of commercial sort of retail, we don't have a lot of exposure to that. And I -- but I would say mostly -- I'm just thinking as I'm talking. I think on balance probably, stable would be the best way to think about it for us. When we think about the whole construction industry in that respect, residential is a very small part of our business. Facilities maintenance, a big part of our business. Commercial construction, kind of not a real big piece either. So I think when we look at those -- the segments, when we really think about Fluke, it's mostly facilities maintenance, so in many cases, it's the buildings that are already built, if you will. 
James Lico: Yes. We -- well, we sell to utilities -- and generally, we -- our value proposition, if you will, is to be OEM-agnostic, meaning that when utilities have a multiple OEM equipment -- specialty transformers, we're going to be the OEM-agnostic condition monitoring system that goes in. So utilities are trying to get -- in the developed world, you've got the growth around the aging infrastructure and utilities needing to make sure that the equipment they have today is working. And in -- obviously, in high-growth markets, you've got the opportunity of expanded infrastructure. So those are really the drivers. They're doing a wonderful job of really growing the business, very global business. They did some changes to their go-to-market strategy this year that are -- have some good results as well. So it's not just market, but also, they're making a lot of their own -- luck through some implementation of some good FBS tools. 
James Lico: I think in -- well, first, I would say I was in the Middle East. Obviously, you asked a China question, but I was in the Middle East with them a couple of weeks ago, and they've got good growth in the Middle East, even against a tough Middle East comp. But China, they are seeing growth. They're doing well there. Again, while you continue to see maybe some of the big power plants, they're not really tied to the power plant construction as much as they are tied to the infrastructure in terms of getting power to cities. So in that respect, we're seeing growth. I think for the year, they've grown very well. 
James Lico: I don't -- Patrick, thanks for the question. I don't think we'll call what the growth will be for 2017 just yet. Relative to the time frame, we still stand by sort of a 5-year time frame, with probably 4 years left. Maybe we'll probably put this year into that 5 years. I think that's what we said. We've been consistent around that. And we think in 2020-ish kind of time frame, it will continue to play out. So that's how we see it. As I mentioned -- relative to growth for next year, we're still looking at funnels. We're still -- we're obviously still closing business. So we'll really have a better sense of how much growth that will add to the portfolio. But 100 bps to Fortive was -- is our base case of what we've been talking about. There's nothing to suggest to us, at least at this point, that, that wouldn't be true. And then finally, on the kits versus dispensers, certainly more kits in the quarter. Our $500 million market sizing over the next several years sort of takes into account a kit versus dispenser model. And nothing in the quarter would necessarily put us off anything material off that model. 
James Lico: Yes. I'd maybe take the last question first. It's still a small part of our revenue, but it's an important part of our revenue. I think it's an important part of our story strategically. Chuck and I just finished all the strategic plans with our businesses. And clearly, software is finding its way into the strategy and the value proposition of our customers across the portfolio. In terms of highlight, we certainly talked about it with Fluke Connect and the launch of their condition monitoring solution, which gives them a SaaS-based solution that they're selling today. We combine that with eMaint. We now have some revenue of SaaS-based. We start now with a SaaS-based revenue base at Fluke, and we'll move from there. It probably won't be material for a couple of years, but the growth rate will be exceptional. Insite360, which is our offering at Gilbarco Veeder-Root, is doing exceptionally well. We've talked about our telematics business. A little bit less revenue growth in telematics this quarter but a very good subscriptions. And with almost 0.5 million users of telematics solutions around the world, with all -- with a SaaS-based revenue solution, I think we're in very good position to grow the business. But as I mentioned over time, that really means that it will have a material impact in several years. We'll continue to invest like we did with eMaint when we find opportunities to accelerate our positions. I think that's what the wonderful part of our ability to deploy capital is, is Fluke had a computerized maintenance management software addition to their software portfolio, and we accelerated that strategy by 4 years with the addition of eMaint. So I just think that's exactly what we're going to do around the portfolio and a real opportunity to add a SaaS-based revenue to the portfolio over time. Thanks, Patrick. Great to talk to you. And thanks, everybody, for joining us. We really appreciate your time this evening, most of you on the East Coast. Have a great evening, and we'll look forward to catching up with you. And I'll give it back to Lisa. 
Charles McLaughlin: Steve, this is Chuck. Really we're not seeing the second half all that much different than we thought of maybe 3 months ago. We've got 2 things going on here and posting what we consider as -- we're very happy with the core growth. We talked -- Jim talked in the call about-- taking some backlog down out of our EMC business, which is maybe a -- not accretive. We already had that in the second half and it just -- we got it in the third quarter. We saw some real strength in our portfolios across Western Europe and  -- where we had 4 out of our 6 of them really posted mid-single digits. We think we're taking share there. It's -- we really don't think that going forward that's really going to be that strong of an organic grower. So half of -- without those 2 things, we think that in the third quarter, we would have been around 1.5% core growth. And so therefore, when we look forward, we still see low single-digit, probably about the same, maybe a little better than we just printed in Q4 . 
Charles McLaughlin: So it's 28% in the fourth quarter and into 2017. What we've been able to do is accelerate some of the tax work that we were confident we were going to get done in 2017. And we're going to get and been able to bring that forward into 2016. 
Charles McLaughlin: Shannon, this is Chuck. We're -- as Jim was saying earlier, we really like the funnel, but it's not focused in any one business. I think the only things you can really read about these 2 acquisitions is it's not really where -- it's just where the first 2 happened to be. I think when you look at our first 5 to 10, you're going to see there's a spread in where they go across our businesses and also in size and scale. 
Charles McLaughlin: I think with -- Lee, thanks for joining. I think -- this is Chuck. Looking forward, that 30 to 50 bps is -- we feel very good about that. I think that will continue to show margin expansion, especially when you look over multiple quarters. But we are -- we obviously overshot the mark this quarter. It's going to be like that. Sometimes, it's a little stronger, a little less. But when you look forward over 3 or 4 quarters, I think you're going to see 30 to 50 bps as exactly where we think we should be. 
Charles McLaughlin: I don't know that it actually picked up. I think by my month, it is actually pretty stable, although I would say we had probably a big September last year and we have some strength here. But I think the PacSci EMC business is -- was an area where we got some big order out the door, and then we saw the Western Europe, as we noted. We're probably in some areas of strength that maybe we didn't see it at the beginning of the quarter. 
Charles McLaughlin: Well, I think that your date, and for the year, we think we're going to average 50 basis points. So I don't think that 40 is really out of line at all, and it's pretty much what we saw -- we've seen the last couple of years. So I do think that price is something that we've -- with our strong positions. And you look at our gross margins and -- that we've been able to get. Versus cost takeout in terms of material cost takeout is I think what we're talking about here, that's a pretty -- that's a big lever as well, maybe even bigger than price. Price sometimes -- we talk about it more, but there's -- our procurement teams do a great job of taking out 2% to 3% annually, and that's just a huge tailwind for us. 
Charles McLaughlin: No, it's firmly. I think what we're saying is -- for the fourth quarter is better than what we printed then just in the third quarter but still low single digit. 
Charles McLaughlin: Yes, Steve, this is Chuck. The -- we're not expecting a big accretion. They're not -- certainly not dilutive, but they're going to really hit hard in years 2 and 3. 
Charles McLaughlin: No, I wouldn't say that gross margins had come down sequentially at all in Q4. So no, I wouldn't say that. I think that from a -- what we're saying -- trying to say is some of the revenue in the fourth quarter, mostly, the PacSci EMC stuff, may be moved into the third quarter. But that's all we were trying to signal there. 
