Charles McLaughlin: Thanks, Jim, and hello, everyone. I will begin on Slide 11 with a quick recap of our first quarter revenue performance for Fortive. We generated year-over-year core revenue growth of 9%. FX was 230 basis points of headwind to growth. Turning to the geographies. We saw another quarter of strong revenue growth in each of our major regions. North America revenue was up mid-single digits, with growth in all 3 segments. Western Europe revenue grew high single digit with mid-single-digit growth at IOS and AHS and double-digit growth at PT. Asia revenue increased in the 20% range with low 30% growth in China driven by strength in both IOS and PT as we lapped easier prior year comps. Growth in China was partially offset by a high single-digit decline in AHS related to lower electric procedures due to COVID as we expected. Lastly, our high-growth markets together posted strong core growth of almost 20%. Turning to Slide 12. We show operating performance highlights for the first quarter. Adjusted gross margins increased 80 basis points to 58.4%. As Jim mentioned, FBS driven productivity and price realization more than offset inflation, leading to record gross margins in the first quarter, which was complemented by higher volumes. Adjusted operating margins expanded to 100 basis points to 24%, while adjusted earnings per share increased 7% to $0.75, reflecting strong volume conversion, partially offset by higher interest and tax expense. Free cash flow was $150 million. While first quarter is typically our largest free cash flow quarter, receivables were negatively impacted by slower China collections in the quarter, which has since recovered in AHS.  Turning now to the guide on Slide 13. We are raising and narrowing our previous 2023 guidance to reflect outperformance in the first quarter. For the second quarter, we anticipate core revenue growth of 2.5% to 4.5% with an FX headwind of approximately 0.5%. Adjusted operating profit margin is expected to increase 3% to 7% with margins in the range of 24.5% to 25%. Adjusted diluted net earnings per share guidance of $0.78 to $0.82, flat, up 5%, includes higher year-over-year interest and tax expense and free cash flow of approximately $285 million reflects approximately 100% of cash conversion in the quarter. For the full year, we now expect core revenue in the range of 4% to 5.5%, which continues to reflect year-over-year foreign exchange headwind of just under 1 point of revenue. Adjusted operating profit is expected to increase 6% to 10%, with margins in the range of 25% to 25.5%. We are increasing our adjusted diluted net EPS guidance to $3.29, $3.40, which represents an increase of 4% to 8% and includes higher year-over-year interest and tax expense, as previously expected. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $1.25 billion, representing conversion in the range of 100% to 105% of adjusted net income and 21% free cash flow margin. Turning to Slide 14. We've consistently said that the Fortive [indiscernible] today is delivering a higher and more profitable growth. There is nowhere that this shows up more than in our free cash flow. Between 2019 and today, we have more than doubled our annual free cash flow, and we expect to continue to further enhance our compounding model with over $5 billion of capacity for M&A, enabling us to continue to invest appropriately in our businesses to further position Fortive for long-term value creation. With that, I'll pass it back to Jim to review our upcoming Investor Day and provide some closing comments.
Charles McLaughlin: So Julian, I'll take the first part of that. Productivity, we probably expect to do about $10 million in the first half, and that generally has a 6-month payback. So we'll probably see a like amount in the second half there, annualized is going to be a little -- obviously, a little bit bigger.
Charles McLaughlin: Jeff, I'll take the first part of that. There's 3 main things that happen in health in Q1. You mentioned about Fluke health supply chain, that was a hit. FX strengthening dollar is -- it shows up more here in one of our more global businesses. So that was a part of it. And then also just thinking about the mix effect of lower consumables from China as we had COVID really hit maybe a little harder than we thought there in the first part of Q1. Those 3 things are the main reasons we came in short versus our guide for in the health sake.
Charles McLaughlin: Andrew, I'll take that. The biggest thing is really what happened last year. It's really the comp. If you remember, Shanghai was shut down at the end of Q1 and a lot of that revenue showed up in Q2. So when you -- if you adjust for that comp actually Q1 and Q2 look pretty similar from what we're doing this year. If you interrogate on the 2-year stacks, you actually start to see some acceleration even into the second half. Yes. So you're right. We think came in on balance better than we expected in Q1, and we're optimistic moving forward.
Charles McLaughlin: I'm also saying look at the first half this year versus the first half last year, there was a lot of revenue missing in Q1 that showed up in Q2. So it's really a tough comp. But if you look at that, you really see that shutdown that happened in the last week of Q1 of last year is really what explains most of what you're talking about.
Charles McLaughlin: Yes, Deane, this is Chuck. We had about 4.5% price in Q1. Much of that is carryover. But we continue to be active at we still got inflation coming out. So maybe it won't be as high, I would expect that inflation is going to moderate from the rate set increases from last year, but there's still inflation coming out. And so we'll still be deploying price as we go through the year.
James Lico: Thanks, Chuck. I'll now start to wrap up on Slide 15. Our team is thrilled to be back in New York for our first in-person Investor Day since 2019 to be held on May 25. We are looking forward to highlighting our progress, executing our strategy and the results that has yielded over the last 7 years, building on our strong foundation and enduring principles that underpin our execution capabilities. We will showcase how our businesses have leveraged FBS tools to innovate, take advantage of the secular tailwinds, accelerating progress across our 5 critical customer workflows. This has translated into relevant product innovations helping to solve our customers' toughest safety, quality and productivity challenges and contributing to sustained strong growth for Fortive. In the spirit of setting high expectations, we will set long-term targets. Looking out 3 and 5 years, culminating with the evolution of our strong free cash flow, supporting us ample opportunities to further accelerate our strategy. We are actively fueling our future success by building on the transformation progress and learning that has taken place since our inception, unlocking future value for Fortive.  Wrapping up on Slide 16. The combination of portfolio work we have done and the productivity initiatives we are implementing in the first half of 2023, prepare us for the continuing evolving macro environment and set us up for differentiated performance again in 2024. As you saw in today's press release, we're also continuing to build on our exceptional leadership culture for the Fortive of the future by expanding Tammy Newcombe's responsibilities to include the Advanced Healthcare Solutions segment in addition to our current role as segment leader of Precision Technologies succeeding Pat Murphy, who will retire at the end of the year.  As you heard today, FBS is more robust than ever with powerful new capabilities to bring breakthrough innovations to market for our customers faster and drive enhanced business results. The evidence of this is reflected in our strong financial performance, including our free cash flow, the currency we use to measure our success. These factors culminate in the powerful formula for value creation, enabling Fortive to make a real difference in the world and deliver exceptional value to shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back to Elena.
James Lico: Yes. And on the China aspect, yes, it's about 8% to 10% of the business overall. And as we said in the prepared remarks, maybe a little bit more color there is that we obviously started pretty low in electives in the first part of the quarter in January has got better through the quarter. We exited in around 90. So we'll see a little bit of continued improvement. I think at this point, it's fair to say we sort of see electives as kind of being back to normal going into the second quarter.
James Lico: Yes. First of all, I think, as we said, the quarter orders for the product businesses came in better than expected. Book-to-bill being one was better than we expected. So what we saw in the quarter was pretty consistent through the quarter. Obviously, the numbers from a year-on-year perspective, get a little bit better simply because of the way China affected those businesses last year. But I think when we look at point of sale, Julian, point-of-sale was good throughout the quarter, and it was good on a global basis at Fluke and tech. So we think those things are good and feel really good about sort of the strength. I think maybe the other highlight is that Fluke grew mid-single-digit orders. We said that in the prepared remarks. But I think that's a highlight for sure.  A little bit of maybe that came out of the second quarter, which quite frankly, I think just derisked the second quarter for us. So I think we feel good about that. So we're certainly out there watching for things, but we feel good about the order trajectory right now. But the 2-year stacks are still very strong. And so sometimes, we've got to be a little careful about that. I would say the last thing is that roughly $350 million of excess backlog that we talked about at the beginning of the year, it still remains intact. So that -- we tried to highlight that on one of the slides relative to the backlog protection. So I think on -- at Fluke Industrial, which is kind of our -- typically the canary in the coal mine, things look still pretty good and really still good, and we still maintain the backlog protection that we went into the start of the year.
James Lico: Yes, Jeff, I would just say, as we move through the year, really, I think 3 things that are definitely in our control. Number 1 is the productivity. Chuck outlined that on Julian's question, I think, is in hand in that regard and that we're -- we've got that. Number 2 is really around price. We've had 3 quarters now of better price. The trajectory and price continues to be good. And so I think in that sense, we're leaning into that and team has done a great job relative to that principally at ASP, by the way, in that one. And then finally, a little bit better growth, as we said, elective's now normalizing here back to back to normal. And so we see that continuing to improve. We mentioned the go-to-market change that we're making at ASP in North America to go more direct, which really, I think, gives us closer to customer care and really I think, really helps us from the standpoint of really making sure that our sterilizers are running actively. So we think those are certainly things that are within our control well after it. I feel good about the team and the work they're doing. So in that sense, it will get better in the second quarter. And then as we said, it will step into the second half with continued improvement. So -- and I think the other thing that gets missed in AHS was the quality of the quarter in Census and probation. Those businesses are obviously 2 of our higher-margin businesses. You combine that with some of the supply chain fixes that we've got in place at Fluke Health, which is really our highest margin business within how those 3 things are going to continue. So you get the help at ASP, like I just described, you get the continued work at some of the other businesses. I think that really bodes well for continued improvement throughout the year.
James Lico: Yes. We've had a couple of small bolt-ons in both sensing and in tech over the years, and those have been helpful to a lot of the success, quite frankly, that we're seeing as an example. Keathley probably being the biggest capital deployment that we did a number of years ago. And that is really obviously a real success for us at tech. That was a little while ago. Since Fortive, if you will, a couple of small bolt-ons in sensing, but not much. I would say, just relative to the NATI process, we won't comment on that. But I want the interest in that from others, certainly, I think, speaks to the story that we've been telling at Tektronix. And you see it in the quarter, you see it in the back quality of the backlog. It's just the attachment of our innovation capability to some of these secular drivers in auto, EV principally as well as in power. And those are, I think, speaks well to the organic strategy and the investment we've made there tech in particular. So I think it's -- as we look forward, one of the things that I think I'd just remind everyone, we had said we had moved tech from a low single digit through the cycle grower to a mid-single-digit grower through the cycle and I think we feel very good about that to the extent that we can find ways to accelerate the capability throughout PT, we'll continue to look for those things.
James Lico: Well, I think it's certainly the solution that we feel really good about. I mean I think our talent development process. And if you go back a lot of years, you'd see us ebb and flow a little bit relative to those jobs as well as the jobs below that and Group President and operating company presidents. Our talent development is in, I think, in really a good place. Every one of our group presidents was internally promoted. 80% of our current operating company presidents were internally promoted. So I think when we really feel good about the structure, it's not just what we have at the segment level, but it's within those group presidents and operating company presidents, and we've, quite frankly, never been stronger in that regard.  It gives us degrees of freedom to do some things throughout the leadership structure. I would also say that when you sort of look at it, it's pretty balanced from an operating profit perspective and from a just contoured market standpoint. So if we look at the split of responsibilities, yes, 2 segments to 1 segment. But when we look at a served market, ILS has half the served market, profitability is pretty close that ebbs and flows with deals. So I think we're in a very good place relative to the structure that we came to. But in part, it's not just the most senior job. It's also the quality of folks that we have across the board. We had all of our presidents in last week for our quarterly leadership summit with them, and I couldn't be more proud of the work they're doing and quite frankly, where we stand relative to the quality of leadership at the operating businesses.
James Lico: Well, I think -- you broke up a little bit, but I think at the end, I think we got it. So I think when we look at the 3 segments we have today, the quality of businesses we have, the execution that's going on, we feel good. So I think, certainly, the Nate process, if you will, ending with Emerson doesn't really change the market structure. We feel good about what we're doing at tech and we'll continue to run the play there that we think is really good. And that's obviously a part of our success right now is the strong execution that we've had at Tektronix over the last several years.
James Lico: I think -- and we'll have a real opportunity as well to talk about this in May at the investor conference. But I think the $40 billion roughly of served market that we have today, kind of when we look at the M&A opportunities funnel, if you will, we've always talked about breadth and depth, breadth, meaning all 3 segments, operating companies, ability to accelerate strategy, depth mini size, and you're exactly right. What we've done is the deals sort of in the middle and a few -- some bolt-ons in the lower part of that if you were to think of that as a triangle. So with the bigger deals at the top, and there's fewer of those. So that's always going to be the case. I won't speak specifically to any one company or process in any way, shape or form. But what's not going to -- what never changes is the fact that we're going to continue to scan the landscape for opportunity to accelerate strategy. We're going to be disciplined about what we do.  We're going to look for outstanding financial opportunities to continue to build the portfolio the way we have. And I think our 2022 performance speaks to the quality of that, and I think our first quarter speaks to that. So that's what we're going to continue to do. And I think that when we talk about breadth and depth, that means there's a variety of different kinds of opportunities. But most opportunities are always going to fall in the sort of bolt-on and mid-tier opportunities simply because there's a lot more of them. And we're looking to accelerate strategy in a few different businesses, and that's where those opportunities are.
James Lico: It's one of the things, and maybe more broadly, I think we handled our supply chain challenges. We've said we're kind of down to those sort of one-off issues that occurred through the portfolio. The fact that we did 50% more organic revenue in the quarter speaks to the quality of the teamwork we had around Fortive to deal with those challenges really, really well. But we did get caught on a couple of what we call our quality assurance equipment business in Fluke Biomet, literally 1 component that we were shorted and we'll clean that up in the second quarter. So we feel good about the work we're doing, quite frankly. Supply chain challenges are down to what often is called the golden screw. But there are a few of those, but I think we're doing an outstanding job more broadly when you look at the -- when you not only look at the core growth in the quarter, but also the 80 basis points of gross margin expansion, which I think quite frankly, I think is going to stand up well against most people.
James Lico: Yes. We -- you did hear it right, we're at about 3x right now. We would expect the early migrations to be maybe slightly a little bit higher than maybe what the downstream ones. But we're actually ahead of the game on new bookings relative to the SaaS. So that's good. So we're all up, just probation, things are better. We thought '22 was better than expected and we started the year off well. So we are seeing a little bit of extended discussions with customers, I would say. And maybe more broadly, there are certainly in the software world. There's a little bit more funnel activity, things sitting in the funnel a little bit longer just given maybe how typical start of the year, but we still have good confidence in the projections we have for what we have in software. We had a very good ARR quarter, and we feel good more broadly about software in general.
James Lico: Yes. It's really about the 2-year stacks. We have really accelerated growth in PT in the second half of last year, Josh. So it's I think we -- as we said, the book-to-bill coming in the quarter is better. So you may say maybe that slightly derisked the second half a little bit. But it really is -- we will see a little bit more growth in the second half in PT on absolute terms, but it's really the comps. We really see continued -- really continued performance relative to the market going first half to second half for sure.
James Lico: No. I mean I think what we've seen is point of sales remain strong. Some of that, particularly at Tektronix is probably the backlog coming down, but we still have that excess backlog, which is really customer demand, it's not inventory is still very much in demand from customers. So at tech, in particular, we have very little distributor inventory or channel inventory, if you will. So we feel good about the demand being actual demand or the backlog having actual demand to it. So we haven't seen those air pockets yet. And we continue to watch -- we have a watchful eye just given what we see in the macro and those kinds of things. But so far, the demand is real and point of sale stayed strong. And that point of sale stay strong on a global basis.
James Lico: Yes, it's a great question. I think number one is, if we take Fluke in the industrial business, we don't have a huge amount of excess backlog in that business. Point-of-sale remains strong. And I think what we're seeing is just continued good execution from the Fluke team. The back -- the sort of backlog protected on that slide is mostly a Tek and in sensing. And in Tek, I think it's we don't anticipate that excess even burning down this year, Deane. So I would say in some respects, we're probably going to run with excess backlog in perpetuity. And I think in both cases, it's really about the secular drivers that exist that we've really tried to build the business around. We're seeing better performance as an example, in Western Europe. And I think that's really because of the sustainability, electric vehicles, the power -- a lot of the grid upgrades, some of those things, those investments are very much happening in Europe, and we're taking advantage of those opportunities. So we like the durability, if you will, of the backlog.  Some of it is excess, and that's why we call it that way. And some of it is a little bit of in precision relative to what it will be like long term. But we do see when we interrogate that backlog on a pretty regular basis, we like the durability of it, the resiliency of it pretty because of the secular drivers that we listed on the right side of that page. So we think we're in a better position for the year because of the strategic moves we've made over the last few years relative to those secular drivers.
James Lico: The other thing that we continue to see opportunity for is the FBS tools related to price. We still see even the price that we put into the marketplace, still opportunities to realize that price at a higher rate, Deane. So we're going to continue to do the things Chuck just described. And as we mentioned earlier, health will continue to improve price, which we feel good about so. But it's also the realization. And I think this is -- we've always had good realization, as you know, knowing us for a long time. But I think our ability to continue to do that and apply FBS to that is something that we'll continue to do throughout the year, even in places where maybe we don't put as much into the marketplace, we're going to continue to work on the price realization.
James Lico: Yes. I think any time we get a new leadership into a role like that, Nigel, we see a new set of eyes and that always is a good thing. When we hired Olumide a few years ago, I think we got a new set of eyes on IOS, and you're seeing that quality of performance play out in IOS right now. He's brought some new skill sets to the role has done some things over the last year that you've had health that are definitely sticking and Tammy will bring the same thing. That's the expectation. And I think we benefit from sometimes those new perspectives.
James Lico: I would say, regardless of the process, our strategic thinking around tech has been very focused on the secular drivers, not to bear too much repeating on that. But it's been around changing the vertical focus, as you know, well, and that's played out. And some of that has been innovation efforts that we would certainly look to add to if opportunities become available. So we would never say never to -- but that doesn't really change anything that relative to what's been going on in the external environment. That's why we do strategic plans every year. That's why we really kind of come with a different emphasis every year. And we feel good about the strategy at tech and to the extent that we've got bolt-on opportunities there as well as any of the other businesses that we have, we're always going to be looking at those opportunities to accelerate strategy into the markets. As an example, we would power is a good example. We would love to do more in power. If we found an M&A opportunity that is that, we would certainly look at it. [indiscernible] is a good example, although it was a few years ago. It's really extended our ability to do some things relative to power and we're bearing the benefits of the fruits of that work today.
James Lico: Yes. It's -- I definitely think China will slow. We've had so many good years of China. And obviously, we just posted a 30% kind of quarter. It was probably going to stand up pretty well. So I think in ad sense, we got -- we'll digest some of that growth here through the year. But I would expect China to slow in the second half a little bit, particularly because of the tough as well as tough comps. It's part of that tougher comp conversation we had relative to the segments. I think Western Europe is holding up for the reasons I said. Broader Europe has slowed a little bit. And so that's in the context of everything that we've got in the guide is the expectation that probably Central and Eastern Europe is a little slower. Some of that having to do with the war. Some of it obviously has to do with us getting out of Russia. But it's also just a little bit of slowing. But the Western European investment in a few countries has held up pretty well. I still expect North America to be a good region for us, partly because our software and a lot of our durability is in North America. I think when we -- it's probably still too early to tell to be very specific. But my expectation probably when we get to the end of the year is that North America probably is the most durable of all the regions.
James Lico: Yes, we do. I mean we even saw some green shoots in March, quite frankly, in the U.S. consumables as an example, which had good growth. So Yes, we think the -- you're exactly right. We think the second -- it's going to start to get a little weird still comparing to 2019 here by the time. So I think as we get into the second half, I think we'd probably say our bet right now is it's normalized. There'll still be labor shortages. If you recall back in our start of the year call, we said, "Hey, we thought '23 would be better than '22. '24 would be better than '23." And I think some of that continues. That's going to continue through the year and our self-help is going to get better as well. as I said earlier in the call. So I think the combination of things getting a little better in the marketplace as well as our self-help start to see the traction of that. I'm confident we'll start to see the benefits of those things playing out in the second quarter and then into the second half.
James Lico: I think it holds up pretty well. I think, number one, there's a couple of big pieces in there, right? Consumables at ASP is a big piece. iNet our EMC businesses in there, which is long-term contracts. So we've got a number of -- and of course, broadly defined services, so though it should hold up well. And we feel good about -- it held up very well in the first quarter as an example with really good growth. So you combine that with software and then even the healthcare hardware. We've got a good portion of the portfolio that we think is really resilient. You combine that with roughly 25% of our hardware nonrecurring, which is backlog protected, we feel pretty good. And as I mentioned earlier, the secular drivers in the entire product side also provide some -- another good insurance policy here. So we're -- we've really run the playbook that we've talked about so many times. We're prepared for a number of scenarios. We took some restructuring earlier productivity initiatives earlier in the year, as you know. We've upped that as well. So we feel like we're building scenarios around what could happen. It's hard to predict the future. But the portfolio was developed many -- over the years, in most cases, to deal with a lot of these challenges, and we think we're well prepared for.
James Lico: Yes. I think the first half doesn't change all that much. Chuck kind of talked about that a little bit. But I think you think about derisking the second half. It's a little bit of derisking. And if things continue to play out as positive as they have, there might be some opportunity. But I think right now, let's see how things play out. But as we said on a 2-year stack, the hardware business, the product businesses do get a little bit better given the tougher comps in the second half. But where we stand today, I think we -- I think most people would be envious of the start that we had for the year, and we feel good about that.
James Lico: Thanks, Brent, and thanks, everyone, for taking the time today. We know it's a busy schedule for all of you. We appreciate the questions. We certainly appreciate the interest. I hope from the words from Chuck and I, you heard as well as the prepared remarks, and hopefully, the presentation was helpful was helpful as well. We're off to a good start. We feel good about it. There is certainly some uncertainty out there in a number of ways. We feel well prepared for it. We'll look forward to the follow-up questions, I can give you more color on that to the extent we can be helpful. We're really looking forward to sharing our story more longer term at our investor conference. We think it's an opportunity for us to really demonstrate a lot of the things we've talked about today relative to how that plays out, the strength of -- in addition to not only the strength of the financials, but also the strength of the strategy, which really continues to help us. We had a great 2022. We think it's also going to help us post a good '23. We look forward to seeing you soon. Thanks, everyone. Take care.
