Charles McLaughlin: In the third quarter, the deal expenses, on our adjusted earnings side, there's nothing in there that ran through there. And there really wasn't any headwinds related to the acquisitions. And the headwinds we faced were largely about the slowing of the top line as we progressed through the quarter.
Charles McLaughlin: So I think that the ASP is -- continues to be right on track on that at $0.20. And I think the -- what we said in the beginning of the year is, I have to go back and look, but $0.24 to $0.28 for the year. And I think when we get there, they're largely intact. Keep in mind that probably 1/3 of the OP from those things are in the fourth quarter. So I think that we're -- we continued in that range.
Charles McLaughlin: Hey, Deane, this is Chuck. I think the returns we'd expect on that would be under a year on that $45 million. I think that it's -- there's a number of different places as we saw slowing in the quarter, initiatives across the businesses, primarily where we're seeing slowing. So more focus on the PI. Beyond that, given that we're just rolling those things out at the operating companies, I think we'll leave the details for another day.
Charles McLaughlin: Sure. First, I'll take the adjusted margin percentage in Q4 raises to 22.1% for the full company. I think the main thing, mix plays certainly a part of it and can give you some variations on the flat OMX. But I think when you look back to last year, in Q4, we had some onetime things that aren't repeating, and so that gets us to a little bit better than what we saw in Q3. But if you look back over Q2 to Q3, it's been flat.
Charles McLaughlin: Yes, Andy. I think we did see some stabilization across the businesses. It's beyond just EVR. But I think that we remain watchful of everything that's going on in Europe, and this was a slightly bigger quarter than maybe we saw it coming in. But we're still watching it pretty carefully.
Charles McLaughlin: Yes, I think there's a couple of quick things. There is -- keep in mind, the tariffs, they ramped through last year as they were implemented. So when -- even though we're lapping at the start of tariffs, I think the lapping starts around the first of the year when its so like-for-like come out. So that will give us some stabilization.  I agree that there's still a little bit of FX headwind in the year, but that's starting -- hopefully, that will remain stable. But I do think that some of the restructuring that -- or the -- that we're doing that we just announced is primarily focused in PI and not all because we have slowing in a number of places. But I think that's going to be helpful there. And don't forget that ASP is sitting in Professional Instrumentation as well, and that should give us some lift there as well.
Charles McLaughlin: I think that when we get down the road and we're entirely off the TSAs, yes, I think that, that will be a quarter number. I don't -- I wouldn't actually call it a problem in that it's playing out as we expected. But I think it's an opportunity that we expect to move forward with. And so I feel pretty good about it.
Charles McLaughlin: And Andrew, this is Chuck. With the -- regards to the margins, adjusted operating margins, I think at this point, are nominally accretive. But as we were off in the TSAs, you'll see a significant lift in benefit from us over the next year from ASP for the total Fortive.
Charles McLaughlin: Well, I think, in general, it's going to look an awful lot like what we saw this quarter for core OMX. I think that when you look at our adjusting operating margins, I think both PI and IT will be around 23%, with the overall company in 20%, 22%.
James Lico: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Deane. So I would -- it's Jim, by the way. I would say that -- a couple of things. One, just take us back to where we're at in July. What we saw in July was mostly what we thought to be inventory correction in our point-of-sale in places like Fluke and Pac, where we have the best visibility. Point-of-sale was still holding in there pretty well in June, but our sales into those channel partners was generally slower. So we saw it as a destocking mostly.  As we progressed through the quarter, we increasingly saw the degradation of point-of-sale. And I think that's what led us to what we believe to be true now is this will continue to persist. And so our guide for the year really reflects what we've seen in terms of degradation on the point-of-sale side.  I'd also say that we're starting to see it in our direct business as well in some places. So it's not just a channel situation. And typically, and I think this is probably more a Fluke common theme because of knowing the history there is that the smaller channel partners tend to be down more than the bigger ones, too. So that's a dynamic that we typically see in maybe a more protracted slowdown than just a quarter or 2.  To your question about how does -- what's our view of next year. I think you step back and you look at we really took a significant look at where we're at, and the productivity initiatives that we announced, the $45 million, I think really have a construct in which we think a number of these things continue into next year. So I don't have a crystal ball for the full year right now nor would I want to try to provide that. I think it's fair to say that when we snapped the line on the calendar, things aren't probably likely to change all that much, and that it's least likely that the first quarter and probably into the second quarter, a number of these things continue. And that's sort of our thought process at this point.
James Lico: Julian, I think it also reflects what you saw in the third quarter, what -- this sort of slowdown through the quarter. We're much more prepared from a fourth quarter standpoint for that slowdown. And so what you also see is us taking action and the impact of those actions actually really having more impact on the quarter. So it's what -- it's certainly the -- we've got some slightly easier comps on the tariffs too as you accurately pointed out, but it's also this ability for us to get after.  The free cash flow in the third quarter was so strong, we were certainly prepared on the working capital side. And I think we're better prepared on the P&L side in the fourth than, say, we were in the third.
James Lico: Well, I would say, first, we certainly would agree with the point that we have a focus on a number of things that are really important. We mentioned in the prepared remarks, both the ASP integration and the separation into NewCo are going well, and that certainly takes time and resources and energy. So we would certainly vehemently agree that as a prioritization, those things are top of mind and things that Chuck and I and the rest of the management team are certainly focused on and really on a daily basis.  We announced -- we've done 3, really, if you think about from the second quarter. In the second quarter, we closed ASP. We've done SAFER. We've done Intelex. We've done PRÜFTECHNIK. And of course, today, we announced the Sensus deal, so 4 deals in the better part of 90 days. So we've been pretty active. And we're certainly very focused on the integration of those things.  So I think Sensus is a good example. We -- as I mentioned at a couple of the conferences recently, we'd be more likely to be focused on anything if we did something to be bolt-on-ish and -- or maybe adjacent that's within the real strategic side. And I think Sensus represents that. In many respects, it's adjacent to exactly what we do in Sterilization. It's sort of like how Intelex is akin to ISC. It's very much akin to what we do at ASP. So I think we'll be focused on those kinds of transactions. If they're right down the middle of the fairway, we would be acting on them. But we do have a focus on a number of these things. And while I wouldn't say we're not focused on M&A, I think it's safe to say that the M&A we've done is pretty considerable here recently.
James Lico: Yes, I would say -- well, first, in terms of location, we said it was -- I would say we certainly saw where we were -- if I think about Fluke, Fluke was -- Fluke Industrial in particular, our Fluke Networks business as well, those are 2 places in North America. So that was relatively broad-based, but you could certainly see where industrial customers were slower. We don't have a lot of automotive exposure, but we have manufacturing certainly in those numbers. And you'd see some of those places are just some examples of where you might see a little bit more end-market slowing.  Certainly, electronics would be the other place where we saw it. So whether that's anyone assembling or designing electronics, we saw a little bit slower markets. And that's a channel dynamic as much as anything. So those are some end markets. I think where we stood up, where we had innovation, we continue to do pretty well from a product perspective. The II900, the Sonic Imager, we announced last quarter at Fluke, did exceptionally well in the quarter. Our thermal imaging product line did pretty well in the quarter.  So where we have some innovation, we still saw some opportunities. So I think the key for us is to continue to find those places where there's opportunity and really utilize prioritization in what we call dynamic resource allocation to put our resources in some of those end markets. I would say that when we look at places like where we have software conversions of SaaS, things are really well. So eMaint's a great example, is while the end market might be similar to some of the places that are slowing from an instrument standpoint, we're still seeing a lot of SaaS conversion in those end markets with maintenance software. We mentioned eMaint grew over 20% for another quarter in a row, and their performance was outstanding. So where we have those SaaS conversions, Andrew, I would say, the end market almost doesn't matter. We're still doing pretty well.
James Lico: I think it's still a little early for us to call stabilization. I would say, on the capital front, the onesie-twosie stuff might be something that continues. But some of the bigger projects, like our Keithley business has a decent bellwether there. We still haven't seen a big upturn or maybe even a flattening yet. So I think we're still at least a quarter -- I've heard some of the same things, but I think we're definitely not planning for any of that in the rest of the year.
James Lico: Yes, I think both at Fluke and at Tek in the quarter, we beat the corporate average from a price standpoint. I think we're still a little behind on the price-cost dynamic at both those places. We've got some cost reductions that have offset some of those. But from just a pure price tariff, Andy, we're still lagging a little bit relative to that.  And I think as we go into the year, that obviously tapers a little bit because we've sort of started to sunset some of the tariffs in the fourth quarter. Because even though the tariffs were announced last year in the third, they really hit in the fourth and in the first. So we'll start to see a little bit of that. That could be a better. But unfortunately, the volume reductions sort of wipe out a lot of that as well.  So on the one hand, we've got the right price-cost, but that's sort of a static metric. It doesn't really have a volume dynamic to it. If you were to kind of look at it on a volume basis, we probably lost a little bit more on the gross margin front from just the volume reduction.
James Lico: No, I was going to say, and so if volume comes back, then we'd start to see things maybe ramp a little bit better. But right now, we're not anticipating any big volume comeback here in at least the rest of the year.
James Lico: Yes. I mean there's certainly a component to it of you signed -- the way -- you got to get the cost structure going through the job order contracting mechanism. So you're right, there is a point where at the start, it's not as great as it is maybe through -- the first 1/3 probably isn't as great as the -- there is a ramp to that as more costs come through. And you'll probably get more at the end than you do at the beginning.  The one thing about it though is -- and one of the interesting dynamics about the businesses is that because we don't really play in the massive construction cycle, it's really more about the rebuilds and the redos and the maintenance stuff. It doesn't really have a big component to it of large-scale construction. And in fact, when things slow a little bit, people tend to fix stuff more, and it actually is a pretty good dynamic for the business. So the combination of that and of being underpenetrated means that I think we still have a lot more opportunity in the business going forward despite what the economic cycle might look like.
James Lico: Yes. Well, we had a really good third quarter there as we said. I think in North America, I would -- because of slightly -- we certainly have a tougher comp in the fourth quarter, so it's probably closer to high single digit for the -- we'd probably see India -- we mentioned in the prepared remarks that India would -- we had a number of projects push into the fourth quarter. So I suspect our high-growth market numbers will be better in the fourth quarter there, and our North America number will be a little bit different just because -- in part because of the tougher comp, but not because of the overall demand, which we see continue to be good.
James Lico: Yes, IT will grow and probably in the mid single-digit ranges if we were to sort of think about that. And I think what we'll see in PI is probably still down a little bit. So pretty close, maybe because of the tougher comp, a little bit lower than what we've seen in the third quarter.
James Lico: Yes. That makes sense. John, I would say a couple of things. One, maybe talk about the Gordian thing first, just to tie that off. I think we're very -- that -- the market is very underpenetrated. Again, that's not a SaaS business. It's really more a new business model in terms of job order contracting. So there's a lot of growth. We have to invest in that growth by adding salespeople and building capability. And we've put some additional investments in the business this year in order to do that. We're seeing the business grow. I'm getting good returns off those investments.  Accruent today is -- has a larger installed base and is also more of a -- has more of a license revenue model that they're converting to SaaS. So while SaaS is still a large proportion of the sales today, they still have a conversion going on. So part of the little bit of the noise in the quarter with Accruent that we don't have in some of our other software businesses is this transition to SaaS. And so the 70 new customers is a good number because it demonstrates that we're adding customers, and that's a good thing.  But I think the other thing in the prepared remarks was the average contract value going up, and that average contract value going up, or what we would call ACV, is really a demonstration that we're converting people to SaaS, and they're doing that over a longer-term contract. And so that's -- those are both positive signs for the long-term growth of the business.  Of course, when you make that conversion of SaaS in a particular quarter or with a few months left in the year, it's not going to be as beneficial as getting a big subscription -- or excuse me, getting a big license contract. But over time, it's remarkably better and certainly from a margin perspective.  So that's really the dynamics going on in the business. And overall, we're seeing good progress. And I think the 70 number, I think if there are over 50 new customers a quarter, we're feeling pretty good about that number. Now of course, as the customer base gets bigger, we'll have to raise expectations on that, but I suspect the team there will be raising it before we are.
James Lico: Yes. So I think two questions there. If you took Fluke and Fluke all off, which Fluke Health, Fluke Networks, that remains there, Fluke Industrial, all of the -- Fluke Calibration, all those, you're in the -- and combine that with Tektronix, you're roughly a little over $2 billion in revenue. So that's a decent number. $2 billion, $2.1 billion, I think probably is a good number there.  Relative to -- I think we have the best visibility. We get point-of-sale data in the U.S., Europe and China for both businesses. I think we have better granularity in North America. And increasingly, as you get farther from the U.S., the numbers become less of the total sales and they come maybe a little bit more less perfect. But North America is pretty good. Fluke, we get better -- we probably get the best data because we get multiple -- we get a multiple industry look. It's often been called the "canary in the coal mine." And so I think we get decent visibility.  And that's why we said, in June, the point-of-sale data actually looked decent. It was really the third quarter where we progressively saw -- we saw more of a destocking activity going on in June. What we saw in the third quarter was -- we still saw some destocking, but we also saw really actual demand going down.
James Lico: Well, first of all, whenever we would talk about a new product launch with ASP, we would be including the FDA approval that would be required. So when we talk about 2020, we're talking about the actual launch of products. So whether it's the FDA or the -- their -- the appropriate organization elsewhere in the world, we would always be talking about launching a product with those approvals. So we won't talk about a launch before -- we would assume that when we give you a date, that we've got those kinds of approvals already in hand. So that's first and foremost. And we have been able to accelerate some things. We started doing some work even before, not necessarily helping them with product launches, but educating them around some of our tools of new product development. But they've also had their own innovation funnel and been doing their own things, too. So we think we're accelerating some of those things, and we'll start to see those in the -- next year.
James Lico: Well, I think we said, North America, Fluke Industrial was high single digits in the quarter. So that's a pretty -- you got to -- you can come up with a lot of different scenarios around what the economic situation looks like. But I think given what we saw progress through the quarter, that idea that it will progress, that it will continue for a period of time is really the basis by which we took the productivity initiatives.  So I think we don't expect anything to come back and return. And the sales in is sort of equating to the sales out now. So at some point in time, we'll see some inventory lift, but we're not planning any inventory lift. And I wouldn't expect that well into next year. So I think we're prudent where we're at right now, John. Certainly, we could come up with a scenario where maybe it gets worse. But I think, right now, from everything we're seeing, having this idea that it progresses or continues and certainly into next year is, I think, is the most accurate thing.  And it seems, as we've listened to other peers, it seems similar from an end-market perspective. We're seeing some similar things. So we'll try -- we try to triangulate off of that as well.
James Lico: Well, I think -- yes, I mean, it's very early days. I -- but I like -- as we meant -- said in the prepared remarks, I think we made some really good progress. I would say we filed registration statements. We've gotten commentary from the SEC. We've responded to that feedback. So at having done a few of these in my life now, the -- what I call the real work, the groundwork you got to do from a filing perspective, from a subsidiary standpoint, from a pretax work, we've made a lot of progress in the last several months.  Obviously, we just announced it 5 or 6 weeks ago, but I think those comments would suggest we've been hard at work for much longer than that. And we're certainly building the management team. We're building a Board. We're doing a number of those things. And they really all need to come at one time, if you will. So I don't want to put a predictive time on that. But certainly, I wouldn't think -- I would think we'll certainly be talking about that by the end of the year, early part of next year for, I think, with pretty good specificity.  We've announced the location. We're going to put the headquarters in Charlotte, North Carolina -- or Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina, sorry about that. So the -- so we've got a location, and we're -- and that's something we're doing. So we've made a number of -- we've made progress on a number of fronts, and we feel good about where we're at.  And as we bring everything else along, we'll have an opportunity to continue to share things as they come out. But I think that's really probably the early part of next year where we come up with some of the -- where we can come out with -- maybe that's the next major milestone. And maybe that's tied to earnings announcement or somewhere in around there, too.
James Lico: Sure. So Andrew, we'll -- Chuck and I can tag-team that. I think we're very pleased with the work that's been done on the Fortive Business System with the team there. We've made good progress. We've done a number of things. I mentioned in the prepared remarks some of the innovation efforts we've had. We've also had a number of value-selling and funnel management workshops with them. We've taught them daily management. We've done some Kaizens in the factory as well. So we've made some nice progress with adoption of FBS in -- while -- and it's really early days. I was -- a couple of weeks ago, I was with the teams in China and in Japan. And those teams are really integrating, while we mentioned China is going to come on to our direct control here in a few weeks.  So we're making good progress, and the teams are very thirsty for adopting FBS. The work that's been done, I think, suggests that having their hands on a continuous improvement system and a set of tools has been something that they've been looking forward to. And so far, adoption is very early days. As we know, this is a multi, multiyear journey. But having done this a number of times, I think we're off to a pretty good start.
James Lico: I think the road maps for what we need to do in both businesses, both the separation and ASP integration, they really have independent paths. And we're working super hard and super well to get those done as quickly as possible. But the reality is they're both on separate paths. And they'll find the fact that we talk about, one, at the end of -- at the end of the first half and the other one in the second half. That's just sort of -- it just happens to be that way. We're very much running pretty hard. I don't anticipate opportunities to do much sooner on either one of those because of the work that we have ahead of us. The good news is we're making good progress along those paths now.
James Lico: Yes. We'll continue to do. I think what we really built on our return model was that it would occur over a couple -- 2 to 3 years. Not every customer -- we're not forcing a transition by any stretch of imagination. There's certain value that's created, particularly as people move to the cloud and have different thoughts around how they want to handle their IT transitions in some of these markets. So it's certainly a continued 2- to 3-year transition. And I don't think there's anything that will precipitate a massive change to that. And it's certainly -- well, it might move around. The core growth rate might move around a little bit quarter-to-quarter here. But we still sit in that, the mid- to high single-digit growth rates that we'll see in those -- the combined business here, certainly through -- certainly over the next few years with having those transitions.
James Lico: Well, thanks, everybody, and Philip, thank you. Thanks, everybody, for taking the time. I know it's an incredibly busy day. I understand there were some challenges with EDGAR even today. So -- on getting some documents. So our information is on the web, on our website, if you weren't able to do that. I'm sure that you'll all figure out what they have going.  But thanks so much for the time. We obviously feel that we've taken a number of steps. I know this is a volatile environment with a lot of change going on relative to the end markets. But we feel very good about what we've done from a free cash flow perspective and earnings perspective in the quarter and really are working hard to make sure that we can implement some of the things to not only protect our earnings for next year, but also to make sure that we do what we call dynamic resource allocation, which is to make sure we can continue to prioritize the investments that are going to have the most dramatic impact on our core growth and our margin expansion in the years to come.  So we'll look forward to continuing to talk to all of you there. Obviously, Griffin and Chuck and Ross are available for questions, will be available when needed to answer any follow-ups. Thanks for the time, and good luck in the remaining days and weeks of earnings. Thanks, everybody. Have a great night.
