Charles McLaughlin: For the 20% to 25% at this point I think that it's best to just think of it is about the same across the two segments, but keep in mind there's a lot of moving pieces here and while we could end up with that same 20% to 25% in total, it could end up differently. But right now that we see it actually pretty much the same by the two segments for right now.
Charles McLaughlin: I would just to give you maybe a little bit of color around the businesses and what we try to do on slide 11 is give you a little bit of sense of some of that as well. I think as we saw -- we saw China come back at the end of March but we didn't see China come back for really toward pre COVID kinds of numbers and we don't really expect that to occur that much in the second quarter. So just I'll give you a regional view first. Europe was down high single digits. We think it'll be worse certainly in the second quarter and North America held up pretty decent on the back of strong Gilbarco. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks because of our inability to get equipment into the ground and particularly in North America and certainly with elective surgeries being almost nonexistent here at ASP those are a couple of big examples in North America and certainly point-of-sale and fluke attack, we would expect deterioration through the second -- in the second quarter for sure from what was in the first quarter really that whole sort of last few weeks of March really playing out throughout the quarter with no expectation of improvement through the quarter. Now in April pretty much fell in line with that. So I would say one month is not a trend make but I think we certainly felt that it was appropriate. We some decisive actions in advance of what we thought would continue and I think April by and large is played out the way we thought it would relative to that down 20% to 25%.
Charles McLaughlin: Julian I think first of all you’ve got it understood correctly and the $300 million that we see coming out -- we see coming out pretty ratable at this point, we've made a lot of calls and taking the actions that we think will see them here in Q2 and that gets us that 30% to 40%. As we go through the year, we're going to learn more and there are some choices that we can make in the back half of the year but for right now we think that for -- which is also given the uncertainty in the back half that 35% to 40% is still the right place to be for right now, but you could be right as if we see a difference in the back half of the year maybe the decrementals move a little bit more but right now we're calling it at 35% to 40%.
Charles McLaughlin: No. I think a better way to think about it is these are the types of fall throughs that we will manage through by pulling your guidance and we don't know what the second half is. There maybe we do more actions as we go through the year maybe it moderates a little bit, but we're trying to have -- we have obviously more clarity around the second quarter. In the second half, we specifically don't know that yet/
Charles McLaughlin: Probably the easiest way on the true CapEx were very CapEx light, but we'll probably I'd expect our CapEx year-over-year to be down 25% probably a bit more than what we -- more when you think about what we were actually guiding for the year three months ago, but that's the simple answer on CapEx. When it comes to working capital we've got a very strong procurement team and the operating companies really focus on working capital terms as one of our core value drivers as you know and we've worked hard on that so what we'll do is as the revenue comes down we're going to make sure supplies that we don't bring on more inventory then we need. So trying to the best job that we can in terms of maintaining the inventory turns that will naturally free up some cash coming up as the Q2 slows down that'll be a source of cash rather than use of cash in the near-term. But our teams are going to strike a balance, every one of these operating companies will be a little bit different situation. We don't want to end up with too much inventory but we don't want to end up with too little when things start to recover. But that's not that different than what they have to deal with every quarter. So I think we're well-suited with 40 business system to help us do that. On receivables we're off to a good start in cash flow collections. Again it's an OpCo by OpCo story. We have a lot of daily management around this and we feel confident in how this is going to perform as we go through the year as Jim said. It's not just Jim and I, a number of the people that are OpCo's were with us in 2009 as well. So we feel confident about where we're at.
Charles McLaughlin: Jeff, I'd just say may be to add on obviously we've historically as part of continue improvement historically kept a decent amount of temporary labor in factory. So from a productivity perspective, we're going to accelerate productivity in a down cycle that's part of the cost reductions as well and quite frankly probably a little bit more temporary than typically because of the nature of this recovery and how it might happen, I think we want to maintain as many degrees of freedom as we can for as long as we can but certainly we understand exit rates into 2021 and what's going to need to look like and we're going to continue to evaluate that bucket as well as additional buckets as we see in the demand play out.
Charles McLaughlin: Yeah I think keep in mind there's moving pieces that we look at but yeah and being 65% plus decrementals from the top line with our gross margins into 50s depending on where it comes in as the other places that will fall through higher than that for sure. So that's not a crazy -- that is actually right where we are at 65% to 70% where it will fall through. As we get into the second half we'll continue to evaluate that and it depends what falls through and what you can get after is a little different if we you're down 20% than if you're down 15%. So more to come on that.
Charles McLaughlin: That is purely an accounting non-cash charge. We do an annual impairment value analysis of all of our business. That one was close to it, through the impacts of COVID that takes our forecast down a little bit as it just creeps it over the line and that's what drove that charge.
James Lico: I think I think we would continue to see -- our gross margins were up in the first quarter on a deteriorated volume, but we certainly saw I think we maintained price probably not getting as much price as we did a year ago because a lot of our tariff mitigations, the price was in the tariff mitigations Andrew, but in terms of seeing any price pressure at this point, we really haven't -- we really couldn’t call any places where we see any of that. We probably are a little slightly reluctant to see anymore additional price in this environment just to want to make sure that we're not -- we're careful about volumes but in terms of just how we see things relative to albeit direct business or even with channel partners, we don't really see changes in the pricing environment here.
James Lico: Yeah so I think Andrew we were just talking before the call, Chuck and I are eight weeds working from home now and certainly have been as I said in the prepared remarks, I've been amazed at the quality and the level of work that our team has done to do that so quickly and from a just productivity perspective really not the -- really any impact in productivity. I think it's too early to sort of call long-term what this means, but I think for many things you could certainly see it would not be hard to suggest that with the way we've been working certainly will open ourselves to more employee flexibility, which I think gives us an opportunity for talent and I think the second thing would be that certainly it's going to foresee us to be able to reduce travel cost, over time. I don't see it any other way. But you know we're still again by evidence kind of company. We still aren’t -- we're looking forward to get back and visiting customers, we're looking forward to being closer together in Kaizen and things like that. So, no that will be completely eliminated but I certainly think that the opportunity for us to think about how we can do things we're seeing a lot, we've taken a lot of notes and our FBS office has done a fabulous job of sort of clarifying a lot of these new processes so that we can replicate them into the future in all of our operating companies.
James Lico: Well I think there is a couple things. One and that's why we try to frame it in these groups because so I'll try to use that in the context. One is I think if you go back to some quarters, you can find a quarter maybe where Tek was probably down 40 in '09 and you probably find a Fluke maybe down in the 30 range. So a little bit more dramatic than your reference point, but I don’t know if it's, that's just for context. I think when you look at what we've done here and I think it's just so evident in the to call it out, when you look at Group four, which is what we would say maybe one of the business more in '08 and '09, we see the Fluke core kind of Fluke industrial business and you see the Tek instruments business, but once you go to the left and you see in Group one and two, as you start to see Fluke digital you see Fluke Imaging, and so you see those additions that we've made to the Fluke business that are far more resilient as part of the revenue. You may see the Tektronix Service Solution business there as well as you see the Fluke Health Solutions. So what you can see is that's where you broke the portfolio up because up in the context of Fluke you now see three substantial additions to the portfolio that are a lot more resilient to that business and you see in the Tek business the service business which is more resilient. So we're not calling out that parts of Fluke and parts of Tek aren’t cyclical to the macro, but I think what this kind of demonstrate to give some a visual picture of the kind of things we've done, which ultimately are a bit more resilient to the overall business.
James Lico: Group four, what you know I think depending on the, this is where I think to call particularly in light of some of the things we saw in '19, tough to call how long Fluke and Tek both parts in Group four would come back but you typically think if it never roughly track with sort of improvement in industrial production, global PMI. So both businesses maybe track a little bit closer to these metrics where I think Groups one and two you start to find secular drivers and much more resilient business model like SaaS and service models.
James Lico: Yeah. Well good example would be Fluke Digital. In the quarter Fluke grew double-digit and the e-may business grew I think 20%. So just to give you an example of resiliency and probably one of our more resilient businesses relative to SaaS, the Gordian business grew double digits in the quarter working through all the numbers. Intellect grew in the quarter and the SaaS part of Sensing [ph] grew in the quarter. So all those businesses actually grew pretty much on track for the quarter. What we do see is in part of those businesses where they have service, professional services or some installation services and things like that where we couldn’t get on site. We see some revenue degradation there. Most of that comes back in the full year we think. So you see a little bit of headwind from the onsite staff. Bookings maybe the long-term booking maybe change a little bit because customers aren’t necessarily signing all the contracts. You'll see a little bit overtime to paying on the depth of the economic impact where we'll see maybe a little bit of sea change but pricing has held up well and quite frankly when you start to think about some of the solutions whether they be in thing that save money like the Gordian [ph] where you're really saving money in activities or things like Intellect where you really are in the HS, health and safety aspects of the business where there is no greater time when Fortune 1000 companies are focused on that. I think the secular drivers here are going to hold up pretty well in those businesses.
James Lico: I think it is better if you break it by quarter to do that. I think it will help make the map because I think what you just did is 10% down on the year and if we were 20% down here you're going to do some funny things there that makes that math but we're trying to say is by quarter 35% to 40% is about what you should expect on the decrementals given that we've frontend loaded some more is higher down in Q2 as we called out 20% to 25%. So our math will going forth in the follow-up call about how comes down.
James Lico: I was just going to add that when we built a number of scenarios around what we think the second half would look like, this is not one of the things where we're going to wondering what's going to happen. We obviously Chuck and I've been through a few of these the vast amount of greater between the two would probably suggest that isn’t even our second time. So I think we built scenarios, we've identified the cost reductions that we think are available to the multiple bulk scenarios and we're confident in those decrementals relative to both the actions and several scenarios and if things get worse as we said certainly in the presentation as well, we've got some additional levers we can pull up if needed if we saw things come down, but it's still such early days too early to call on anything like that just yet.
James Lico: Well I can't speak for others. I think that the severity of restrictions if you look at our big businesses I would think about it this way, Gilbarco one of our largest businesses can't put stuff in the ground. So while they had a very strong first quarter in North America inevitably until these restrictions got lifted they're not putting sites in the ground. So we still think the resilience is there because ultimately one quarter does not year make and we think that will come back in the year certainly with EMV we're confident that that demand is there. You take another business like Matco, where people are sheltering in place and not putting as many mouths, repair shops are closed. In many states maybe were considered nonessential and so that needs to come up and then AFP obviously with elective surgery just so dramatically. Those are really very much shelter and place impact. So I think we would -- we probably would never plan for shelter in place economic scenario when we build the portfolio given we haven’t seen a pandemic in a little while. So those are very unique and that's why we put them in the category two because once these restrictive things come in play the business will come back much faster than say if it was in economic consequence if you will.
James Lico: No they’ve held up decently particularly in North America. Some issues with around the world as an example we have a national oil company and oil prices are down they may delay a tender or something like that, but I think we mentioned it in the prepared remarks around India as an example, we see a little bit of that in Chin as well, but I think if you just take North America, the orders are holding up, we're pretty confident that that will come back. Once we can put stuff in the ground, then we'll have a good when construction starts around the United States, you'll starts to see that business come back pretty quickly.
James Lico: I think there is probably three things to keep in mind. One is the strategy around the separation hasn't changed at all. We said that we would be ready to go at the end of Q1, which we were with the management team to move forward and we just evaluate whether the market was ready to go. Obviously we don't think that the market is receptive for this type of separation transaction in the next few months and so what we're really looking for is for the market to become stable and for us to be able to move forward and look at that. And then like we've always said is like we're looking what that looks like we can't really tell right now, but when we get there, both split or spin options will be open to us and we'll figure out which one works best for all of our stakeholders.
James Lico: Yeah I think just as we always remind ourselves that we spent $4 billion last year, brought a number of good companies in this portfolio and we had always thought that 2020 might be a year more built on and maybe some strategic investments as well in technology, things that tend to be a little smaller. I think that's probably still remains our view and if we saw -- what we've always said is that Vontier will be part of Fortive until and it's spun and so if there were something that we would see that was attractive, we wouldn't necessarily preclude ourselves from doing that. I think as you point out and as we've continued to work -- during this time we focus more -- generally focus more on cultivation and more on market work in part Andy because generally during this time, seller's price expectations and buyer's price expectations aren’t aligned usually right at the front end of this stuff. It takes a few quarters for those things to start to equal up. So we'll wait, we're certainly patient there. We'll focus on the things that we can control and we certainly continue to look for any opportunity but if I were to bet I would say if we were to do anything we would most likely be the bold on this year and in the next few quarters.
James Lico: Yeah sure. So I'd say I think we got always letters for recovery. I think at the end of the day, this is not a snapback recovery in China. If we look at our four largest businesses there, Tektronix is got electronic focus, that's pretty slow. We have a little bit of Huawei impact in the first quarter, but that's been relatively slow still and haven't seen that come back much. Fluke has seen nice demand in things like imaging. So they’ve seen some strong demand there but the remaining part of it is still remains slow. So I haven’t seen much recovery there. I think with Gilbarco, we've been mostly waiting to put stuff in the ground given there are still a lot of restrictions there. I mentioned that in North America but we're seeing that other places around the world. So that's probably been more slow than the other two and of course ASP I mentioned elective surgeries at their peak were down 85% in China. So they’ve come back considerably, but not come back to normal yet. We would anticipate that to happen over the next 60 days. So that could come back a little bit faster. Just to give you a little bit of color. So overall what does that mean when we add it all up, I think of the end of the day China does I don’t think China looks all that different in the second quarter than it does in the first quarter.
James Lico: I think it's meant to be more about over the last three quarters. So think of it as $100 million a quarter maybe will give little bit more in Q2 with some of those. I think there's where we don't have an announced restructuring or anything beyond what we did in the last fourth quarter. So by their nature these things are somewhat temporary. We're trying to maintain the team that we had coming into it coming into it, coming out the other side at least as we put these actions, but in them are things like travel obviously way down there is going to be some miscellaneous spend that will slow down on the margins around maybe some marketing and really sales programs as well throughout OpEx and there is going to be some spending around the pay furloughs that will come out. Those are some of the main ones but we'll look at every bucket and to make sure that and we've got actions identifies but those are some of the bigger ones.
James Lico: I would say, relative to change in strategy, no change in strategy in fact I think we've had a new leadership team in there for a little bit, Mark [ph] who we hired obviously to bring on through those Vontier role has been very involved and I think the team is actually pretty excited about some of the work they’ve got going here is going to play out in the back half of the year. As we said, there is a little bit of degradation, they’ve got a little bit of small business impact, you got some fleet folks who've seen some reduction in freight and so they lowered the number of trucks. So there is a little -- there is some degradation as Chuck mentioned but it's not changing there is more of an outlook kind of thing than anything else. So I think by the end of the year, it doesn't -- we can't move the needle quickly in that because it is fast, but I think as we start to see the back half of the year, I know we said that there has been a self-help project for several quarters now. I think the team is more inclined to be positive out than ever before. So we'll see where it plays out.
James Lico: No there is pretty good leverage. Picking a timing on that is obviously a little challenging, but as you say in this case this is true pent up demand. I was talking with a CEO of one of the biggest hospital networks in the country this afternoon who is talking about literally all kinds of different patient groups that they’ve just not seen including elective procedures. And I think that what's going to happen here in both the clinical and financial needs are going to happen right. There is a whole bunch of pent-up demand for these type of procedures. That's the clinical need and obviously the elective procedures, elective surgeries in particular are very profitable for the hospital. So there is going to be a real need from a financial perspective to accelerate this. So we would expect to see that acceleration. difficult to predict when, given the number of states particularly in the US and the number countries in Europe the need to turn this back on how quickly things get turned on but we do think there will be leverage in those business. Land Hour grew in the first quarter as an example. So we even in some cases we saw some good performance even despite some of those challenges. The SaaS business at Sensus continue to continue to grow as well.
James Lico: There's certainly some anytime you change those, but I think the total cost of fees were in that less than a penny a year probably more like penny and a half. And then there's some changing in terms of the floors around off of LIBOR but frankly it's below -- the floor that it's negotiating in there is lower than where we're at right now. So not a huge cost for them.
James Lico: Yeah all of our facilities are up and running and have been. We had a couple situations where we might've been in the US and Europe where we had one facility or two facilities in the US where we were down day or so where we were working through the local situation but all of our facilities now or have been pretty much through the downturn up and running. We have furloughed a few facilities in the second quarter as we said with some demand, but we have -- we were able to run all of facilities now around the world.
James Lico: Yeah it's about 75%, 25% or if you thought of servicing consumables together it's probably 75%, 25% moves around a little bit by quarter depending on larger deals in some parts of the world, but that's a probably decent number to go with and then we get pretty good data in North America because of Sensus. The Sensus Trax software it senses really check tracks the daily amount of sterilization that go on in the US and is an example we see those down as much 60% in the United States. So that's probably a number and we don't get as good a data in Europe and as I mentioned we have decent data in China and we saw at the peak as I mentioned in the prepared remarks down about 85%. So we've seen significant reductions in those consumables John. We are decontaminating N95 respirators in US and in some countries in Europe. That brings back that volume a little bit probably but by and large, we really want to see those elective procedures come back in order to really drive the revenue.
James Lico: No it's really a temporary measure. At the end of the day the hospitals are probably going to want to utilize single use masks for the most part. This really gives them at a time when PPE has been a challenge. They can turn on the STERRAD, they're essentially not at capacity right now in their hospitals to create more opportunity. So when the decontamination was really an effort for us to help out, it's really more of an effort to help out our customers not a really big financial opportunity probably in the neighborhood of $10 plus million in the quarter, but hard to tell how many hospitals will necessarily need to use that more longer-term.
James Lico: Yeah and you know I've been pretty close to China for a long time having run it back in the Danner days for a long time and we're pretty close to those questions. I think one Jon as we deriks our supply chain considerably, once the tariff started, so we've really derisked our supply chain considerably since from where we were at even a year ago. We're going to continue to assess those things and we will continue to probably -- we mostly make or China in China. So as we look at bigger moves, we'll continue to evaluate, we don’t have any big moves left. To be honest we've mentioned we have any, but we certainly are continuing to think about this continued move in places to build locally for many of our businesses. Our healthcare business almost exclusively built in the US and in Europe, so I know there's a lot more energy on the healthcare side to wonder about origin and certainly we're fine in that situation. So in case that was also I am referring that in your questions as well. So anyway I think we're in good place and we're well-positioned from I think what we've demonstrated in a tariff situation is that we can move pretty quickly if we need to do, other things we certainly are able to do that. We're monitoring all the things that you obviously described 
James Lico: I think that we appreciate the energy and I am not sure we got through everything today. Obviously a lot there for everyone to want to know about and we appreciate the time and energy that everybody has put into this. We're available for follow-up and certainly want to make sure we make ourselves available if anyone needs time, Griffin and team are available. Chuck and certainly and I are also available. I just want to thank everyone at a time when it's just been the word unprecedented is used so often these days is probably the most overused term in the focus on health and safety of our teams has never been more important to us than every day we wake up. But we would also want to make sure that we've give you an understanding that while there is uncertainty in the near-term, we're in a very strong position to be able to manage the business around multiple scenarios and the moves that we've made over the last three years strategically continue to be very good moves from a resiliency perspective and I am confident we'll see that play out in the weeks and months and quarters to come. So we look forward to continue dialogue to give you a better color. Hopefully we did more of this presentation to give you that color and we're certainly available to continue to give you a sense of what we're seeing and available to help in any way, shape or form. I want to wish everybody -- I hope everybody on the call is safe. I hope your family and friends are safe as well. I hope you’ve been able to be productive in all this work from home stuff and in such a challenging time we look forward to the time when we can all see you at a conference or something. We look forward to those days and hopefully they're not in the not-too-distant future. Thanks everybody. Have a great evening. We'll talk to you soon.
