Elena Rosman: Thank you, Dennis, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on today's call. With us today are Jim Lico, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Chuck McLaughlin, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  We present certain non-GAAP financial measures on today's call. Information required by Regulation G is available on the Investors section of our website at fortive.com. Our statements on period-to-period increases or decreases refer to year-over-year comparisons, unless otherwise specified.  During the call, we will make forward-looking statements, including statements regarding events or developments that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, and actual results may differ materially from any forward-looking statements that we make today.  Information regarding these risk factors is available in our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date that they are made, and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim. 
Elena Rosman: And just to put that in dollar terms, that's about $15 million of lower interest expense versus our previous forecast. About $2 million of that was reflected in first quarter. And then to Chuck's point, about the $50 million roughly of OP hit that we do have from FX. So that's really the offset. 
Elena Rosman: So Jeff, the dollars from EA, obviously, were higher than the overall M&A dollars in aggregate for PT. So EA is roughly $35 million, offset by about $5 million [ worth ] of tax. 
Elena Rosman: Yes. So Jamie, just on the prior guide, yes, the $30 million has come out of the PT revenue from Invetech. And then to your point, there's probably another 2% that's come out due to FX. Some of that is obviously for EA as well as the core business. So that $2.3 million is the midpoint of the PT revenue guide as you pointed out. 
Elena Rosman: Yes. Steve, Tektronix' book to bill was 0.95 in the quarter. For PT, Sensing and Tek combined is 1.0, and for hardware products overall was 1.0. And then we talked about Tektronix revenue being down mid-single digit in the quarter. Our expectation would be that Tektronix revenue for the year will be down mid-single digit, but that's always been reflected in our outlook for the year. 
Elena Rosman: Yes. I'll just really quick on the numbers for EA, and I'll let Jim comment on the acquisition overall. We had expected revenues for EA for the year to be, call it, $190 million, $195 million. That's come down. It's probably closer to $180 million to $185 million. Part of that is foreign exchange, and part of that is some push out of larger projects in the year.  Specifically, in Q1, right, the revenue, we talked about the $35 million, again, we have planned for something in the low 40s for the quarter. There is a seasonal component to that. And maybe, Jim, you want to talk a little bit more about, certainly, the kind of 100-day review and give some color on the acquisition. 
Elena Rosman: Yes. That's right, Nigel. And as we said in our prepared remarks that we expected PT to be down mid-single digit for the quarter. That would include Tek to be down slightly more than that. So in -- probably in that mid- to high single-digit range for Tek in Q2. 
Elena Rosman: I think the other thing to consider, right, is that Tek did continue to grow revenues throughout all of last year. 
James Lico: Thanks, Chuck. I'll wrap it up on Slide 13. The strong start to the year and an enviable track record of improved through-cycle performance, our transformation execution and strategy to build a more durable company is playing out. However, our strategy is reflected in the continued momentum of positive core growth over the last 14 consecutive quarters, even as demand slowed in select end markets. And the strength of our execution and dedication to FBS is reflected in 15 consecutive quarters of adjusted operating margin expansion, delivering more value to customers.  When taken together, we are confident in our raised outlook for the year, continuing our track record of compounding earnings and free cash flow growth double digits in 2024. By executing the Fortive formula for value creation, we think the best is yet to come, with an opportunity to roughly double our adjusted EPS and free cash flow over the next 5 years.  With that, I'll turn it to Elena. 
James Lico: Yes. Julian, thanks for the question. I would say a couple of things. What we saw in the quarter was a book to bill -- I'd start with the sort of high-level. We saw book to bill of about 1, and we anticipate that book to bill as well in Q2. So we're starting to see the orders come back. Obviously, shipments, not yet. Probably on a revenue basis, probably PT is lower, Q2 will probably be the low point. We don't have a huge step up first half to second half. The first half is really playing out the way we anticipated. So in that sense, we're seeing an order book building. We're seeing -- we said last call that we would start to see orders, start to move to growth at the tail end of the second quarter. Everything we've seen, thus far, would support that sort of trajectory.  So we've seen some green shoots in some places. I can talk more about that. Things like Tektronix, where our Keithley business, which has tended to lead the effort on the return and was the first to go down, is now going to be high single-digit revenue growth in the first half. So we're starting to see the things that would certainly point to that trajectory change. I'll stop there and see if there's a follow-up. 
James Lico: Yes. Relative to the revenue guide, obviously, what we saw in the quarter, a little bit stronger than we anticipated for Q1. We feel good about that on the backs of health strengthening. We've had several good quarters now at Health, that's a mid-single digit for the year, and we feel good about that. IOS, similarly, good strength there. We stood out in a number of places. Fluke has been very resilient as we talked about. PT is down a little bit. So we're probably more down to the flattish up slightly. So we'll be able to -- with the other 2 segments being better. And I think, the other thing, just on the absolute terms is we absorbed, as we said, about $60 million worth of FX as well. So important to just kind of look at the total revenue growth here as the ability to absorb that, I think, really speaks to the strength that we've had. And certainly, as you see that in the -- even with the weaker PT, we were up 80 basis points of margin expansion.  So I think the power -- we're certainly seeing good growth in the 2 segments, and we're managing exceptionally well the trajectory of PT right now with strong margin expansion and with things that are occurring that are going to give us confidence that the second half improves a little bit. We don't need a big step-up at PT in the second half in the total dollars perspective, and what we've seen, thus far, supports that. And I'll let Chuck talk a little bit about some of the other details. 
James Lico: No, Jeff, we'll get that -- we'll be moving back to high single. We had a really big comp at Gordian in the first quarter. I think they were plus 25% a year ago. So ARR growth for that was about high single digits, it was roughly 9%. So good ARR growth that supports sort of high single-digit growth for the year. 
James Lico: Yes. Jamie, I think that's a reflection of -- and certainly, as we said, not a lot of -- no real change here to not much change in the outlook relative to that. The first half playing out pretty much like we saw so -- we've seen some business move into the second quarter or second half, excuse me, but we've been able to manage the margin front exceptionally well based on a couple of scenarios that we thought the year would play out.  So a number of places in PT that we've got strength at EMC, we talked about utilities, our food and beverage businesses. So we've got some good strength there in a number of places. And obviously, that's helpful to the margin front as well. 
James Lico: Yes, sure. I would say, number one, is there's probably a wide variation of valuations out there right now. You've seen some -- you haven't seen a lot of things trade, but there have been fully valued trades that have gone on relative to various things in the marketplace. Both things we'd be interested in, but also things that just have occurred. I would certainly say that we're obviously going to stay very disciplined. I think what we tried to highlight on the IOS slide in the deck was the benefits of M&A and how that really has created that really durable segment with both from a standpoint of revenue growth, but also really strong profitability. And we're going to look for those kinds of things. I think the 4 deals that we did, the bolt-ons we did in the fourth quarter relative to IOS, EA, as an example, those are more than likely, but there's a wide spread of things we did, right?  We did some software. We did some data. We did some hardware businesses. The funnel looks that way, but we'll remain disciplined right now around valuation. And I think we're well served to sort of continue to be active, but at the same time, be selective around the opportunities. So I think we can get some things done for sure.  But by the same token, I think we're going to remain disciplined. And we like to -- the revenue for EA has come down a little bit for the year. We really feel good about that deal. We're still going to -- the accretion on that is still going to be the same as it was relative to our original thought process. So it's still going to be a very accretive deal and a really good deal into '25. So those are the -- certainly the kinds of things we'd be active in for sure. 
James Lico: Well, we just beat our first quarter guide. So that's the first thing. And there was an operational beat there of about $0.01. And they're really $0.02 when you look at we offset the FX and then $0.01 of corporate cost. So it's a good -- I think it was a good start, a very good start to the year. I said that in our prepared remarks.  I think if you said, hey, hey, Jim, would you like to get out of the gate at 110 basis points of gross margin and operating margin expansion? Or would you like to drive EPS at 11%? I'd say that's a really good start. And I'd say our full year looks a lot like that, too. So we like the guide. And what we tried to highlight is, yes, there is some uncertainty.  I would tell you, I was with the China team a week ago. And they're feeling better about where they were versus, call it, 8 weeks ago when I was with them the first time in the year. They were much more optimistic. We would talk to some of the quality productive forces, investments that China is talking about. So we still have -- we still sit right now in our guide, embedded in our guide is China being down. But at the same time, there's probably some opportunity of some of the Chinese government active investments occur because those are in places that are very subsequent important to us. Our other high-growth markets are already growing. Interestingly enough, our other high-growth markets, which are bigger than China, are growing mid-single digit, there probably some opportunity there. So it's still early. And certainly, there's a lot of things out there that you could say could go another way, but -- well, we really got out of the gate really well and feel really good about it. And we'll work every day to make it better for sure.  Let's see where we get through in the second quarter. But yes, there's certainly some opportunities. We tried to highlight like energy transition AI, the percent in product revenue is at some places where there's certainly opportunity for us to continue to do well. 
James Lico: Well, yes, I think where we showed on the slide in high-performance compute and in data center expansion, the chips that are going to go into data centers, as an example, next generation. We got an 8-digit order from a Keithley as an example for that in the quarter that will ship later in the year, with some semiconductor manufacturers in Taiwan. So I would say, first and foremost, we're seeing it on the chip build-out. We're certainly seeing that. We're certainly seeing it again with utility infrastructure and grid infrastructure growth at Qualitrol and Fluke. Those would certainly stand out as direct investments relative to the preparation of AI and the future of the world. So -- and then on the flip side, we're starting to launch AI solutions, Deane. So when we think about what we're doing at Censis, Provation, Gordian, the's quarter we just announced the Gordian platform, which allows for us to integrate all of our data and solutions together. So we'll start to see some of those in our revenue base. It's selling AI solutions as well. So on the front end, we're seeing the early stages of that investment. And with -- primarily within PT, we'll start to see that play out. We're starting to see that play out in Keithley. We'll start to see that play out of Tek in the second half. And then, obviously, with Qualitrol and Fluke certainly with -- as those data centers and things get built, we're going to certainly participate in that relative to both the electrical grid infrastructure needed to support that as well as the tools needed to sort of build those data centers and maintain them as well. 
James Lico: Yes. Deane, I think, well, the first half is going to play out at Tek almost identically to exactly how we thought it would play out. So I don't want to -- I want -- I should say that first. I would -- well, certainly, what we see is some delay on what I would call [ MilGov ] investments that we typically start to see early in the year. They're still in the funnel. They're now showing up maybe later in the year. That's both direct government customers as well as some of the primes. So that's a movement of that. The good news on that is we're seeing them in the funnel, and they're growing in the funnel. So -- and we're starting to see some of those orders, hence, the book to bill is over 1. So we're certainly starting to see those things. Generally, we would have been able to convert them to revenue maybe a little sooner. But because the funnel's moved and because some of those things have come a little bit later in the end of the second quarter, then that really presents it for more of a second half opportunity.  But at this point, we wouldn't see those canceled. And I don't think we tie those to the election. I think we'd probably tie that more to just investment decisions that people have made with some uncertainty as the year started out maybe delaying some of those investments. As you well know, sometimes those investments can get delayed for a quarter or 2. But ultimately, I think, as you said, our customer base or the leading technology companies in the world, are they going to not invest in technology and innovation? I think it's a good test they're going to do that. 
James Lico: Yes. Steve, I would say a couple of things. One, as we said in the prepared remarks, we -- one of the things that's really evident and certainly have been around the world, not only with the U.S. view of this, but China, India, a number of other places, we clearly see a great product that customers really like. So I think, as we start out, we really affirmed the fact that the product and the technology is really, really strong. As Elena said, a little bit less revenue in the first quarter. I mentioned this in a couple of places in the first quarter that getting the backlog out in that business has been a little bit more challenging than anticipated in terms of that. So book to bill, I think, was over 1 in the first quarter. But our opportunity to sort of continue to work FBS and make the factory a little bit more flexible and, certainly, we're in the process of doing. We've come down a little bit on the -- on what we think the revenue will be for the year. We still think the accretion is the same. So we're still going to deliver, from an earnings perspective, in a very good place. And we feel good about the business. So mobility is a little bit slower. We anticipated that mobility would be slow this year. That was certainly in our view. And so that's played out.  But the data center opportunities are very good. And quite frankly, the funnel with Tektronix is building well. So we said we need -- we were going to build that funnel in the first half. We would start to see that revenue in the second half. And we feel good about the funnel build, thus far.  We mentioned one of the opportunities on the prepared remarks around how now we're linking their sales with our services with a large-scale order that we'll get here shortly. We feel really good about the synergy opportunity as well. So maybe taking a little longer to get started, simply because of maybe some of the things in the marketplace, but feel really good about it right now. And we're in a good position for that business as it stands to finish the year and move into '25. 
James Lico: Yes, I'm not -- forgive me, I'm not sure what that number is, but it's probably in the, I guess, in the $10 million-ish range or something like that. 
James Lico: Yes. I mean we're really happy about the quarter. And if you think about the number of quarters here, obviously, we had the transition in North America last year. But if you look at what we've done multiyear and high-growth markets exceptionally well. The strength of the strategic nature of what we wanted to do is really playing out well. So we feel very good about where ASP is at. We feel good about the broader segment. Relative to Provation, we -- in the first half of last year, we had a large-scale license software business order that we're going to work through in the first and second quarter. That business will still grow well this year. SaaS is growing double digit in the business. So we really feel good about where Provation is.  But we do have to work through that large license customer that it's kind of -- plays out a little bit more of a onetime opportunity. Good news about that, it's a very large license deal that we're going to be able to convert fast over the next several years. So in terms of opportunity, there's still great opportunity to Provation. So we feel good about where the segments stands.  We mentioned in some of the prepared remarks,about some of the -- what things we're seeing around our plasma strategy and the efficiency and efficacy of how we do hydrogen peroxide and all that. So the product and innovation wheel that we started to talk about, steam sterilization, BI, biological indicators, a number of the things that we're really -- we're trying to work through over the last couple of years. We're starting to see the innovation flywheel get started at ASP. And so we feel good about where the segment is at and where it's going to go through the year. 
James Lico: Well, I think, number one, I think the first quarter affirms what we're able to do, right? With the growth rate that we had in the quarter, we still drove strong EPS growth and strong free cash flow growth. Our guide demonstrates that.  So we get to the end of the year, double-digit earnings growth, double-digit free cash flow growth, really strong operating margin expansion, a great setup for -- and a little bit on a not mid-single-digit growth yet. So as we move into mid-single-digit growth and our track record of earnings growth, free cash flow growth and margin expansion, I think those are the things that give us confidence. Now again, it's April of '24. We're talking about a 2025, [ if I may ]. But at the end of the day -- or will be made here shortly. So I think at the end of the day, we're in a very good place to talk about '25. But obviously, we're very focused on '24 here. So -- and I think what we'll see through the quarters is the demonstration of that, the kinds of numbers that I think really support our multiyear path, which has been very good, and also our multiyear future. 
James Lico: So then I would say, Nigel, that your point around inflecting getting a little bit better, that's the book to bill that we talked about. That continues to do good. Keithley is a good leading indicator. The PMIs are a good leading indicator. Our sales funnels are a good leading indicator. And so we'll step through a little bit better performance as we get through the second half. 
James Lico: And Nigel, just to add, price/cost is in a good place. So when you look at the margin expansion that we did in PT in the first quarter and the anticipated margin expansion through the year, we'd probably get a little bit less price when the top line is like that. It's not unnatural to maybe not maybe give a little bit up. But the price/cost stance is really good. So we're in a good position to be able to do that and still grow margins. 
James Lico: Yes. It's -- we're new to it. So we've got some multiyear history, but you have the numbers, you don't always have the history. It's certainly a business that has historically been back end weighted, that's for sure. So that private companies sometimes don't necessarily push everything until -- make sure the end of the year. So that's not unusual. And we'll get the cadence here improved every quarter as we work through the integration. 
James Lico: Well, I definitely think we're outperforming the market. And I think Fluke's done a great job. When you look at a number of things, obviously, an outstanding global franchise presence in every -- pretty much every country of the world. Team does a great job on the innovation front. We had 4 new product launches just in the first quarter alone. Our eMaint business is doing really well. So our Fluke reliability growth -- eMaint was up 17% in the quarter.  So just as we look over the last several quarters, our ability to outgrow PMI has really been the long-term work we've done to make the business more durable. And that really is an end market story. Our solar and EV product lines grew over 30%. So it's really been redirecting -- we talked about in one of the prepared slides about our lean portfolio management or our product development process and how we're really designating those R&D investments towards more secular drivers.  Fluke is certainly a good example of that in terms of what they've been trying to do over the last few years and the 2 bolt-on deals that they did in the fall, which really has supported and helped around those same secular drivers. So I think we're in a really good position in the business because we've been intentional about the innovation investments. We've been intentional about our commercial investments, and that's playing out.  And certainly, share is always a tough thing because most of their competitors are our regional companies in various countries. So we don't have great numbers on market share. But as we look with our -- as you know, a good chunk of that business is with channels. And our channel partners are certainly excited about our partnership and what we can do together. That's usually a good sign of how we're performing. 
James Lico: Well, I think number one is we're more tied to the maintenance of those than we are to the construction of them. So in many respects, it's what's out there today. And so that's number one. Number 2 is, I think when you look around the world, certainly take a global view of solar, too, and you have a very good global opportunity. I would say the same thing about electrification.  So -- and it's really more of the maintenance of those systems than the construction of those statements -- those situations. So much more tied to the maintenance -- the field maintenance of all of that. So I would say we feel very good about the opportunity. And I think, if you think longer term over the next few years, you'd probably bet on those things continue to be pretty good. So yes, I think we're much more tied to the -- I think the bottom line is we're much more tied to the maintenance of those -- the field maintenance of all of that. 
James Lico: Well, thanks, everybody, for the opportunity to spend some time today. We -- hopefully, you hear from us, feel really good about the first quarter. We feel really good about the full year. Obviously, some puts and takes relative to everything. But the guide holds, and it is raised. And so we feel, operationally, we're executing very well. From a margin expansion from an EPS perspective, free cash flow, we're executing really well. We love the fact that the trajectory on Health now after several quarters is in such a good position. And we've got a number of opportunities here that are really playing out, we're excited about. So hopefully that comes through. We look forward to the follow-up calls. I know our team will be available, and we'll see you on the road here shortly. Thanks, everyone. 
Charles McLaughlin: Julian, the interest expense came down primarily because, since the last time we guided, we went out and put a euro bond in place. And so that came in better, like 3.7% coupon. So that's the major change. That roughly offsets the impact -- OP impact of the FX. 
Charles McLaughlin: Yes, Jeff, a couple of things. FX, it pushed EA's revenue down a couple of million. And then divestiture, about $5 million, with the agreement to separate some of the Invetech business that shows up on that line. So I think he is impacted by those 2 things, down about $7 million. 
Charles McLaughlin: Nigel, this is Chuck. I wouldn't expect that to be the case. I think there's a little bit of timing here. But as we move through the year, we expect that probably in PT, we had, I think, 1% to 2% and gradually going up as we move through the quarters. 
Charles McLaughlin: Yes. For ASP, specifically, in Q1, I think we were up 11% in Q1, just pretty much right where we expected to be here. Now as we move through the year because that transition happened over the year, that's going to moderate some of that. But right on track and delivering the growth we expected and please see, as well as, importantly, the margin expansion. 
Charles McLaughlin: Yes. Yes. It came out very strong. And actually, it's also why we're seeing that margin expansion at PT. That's part of the story. 
Charles McLaughlin: Andrew, I think the -- a couple of things to think about. We generally think about incrementals at around 40% in the base case. So that's probably a good place to start. When you're talking about the step up as we move through the year, we've got the top line with 48% of the revenue in the first half and 52% in the second half. So there's always this upward trajectory in terms of seasonality from the first half to second half, and that drives through more volume. And that's the biggest key to expanding the margins. When you look year-over-year, the 100 basis points that we saw in Q1, it steps up through the year because of volume and normal seasonality. We guided to 75 basis points for the year, and I think -- or more with the productivity initiatives. Health is off to a great start with 200 basis points. So we've got a lot of things going the right way, but it's really the volume falling through those in. 
Charles McLaughlin: Yes. We've got that for health care. Keep in mind, it's early in the year, but 125 basis points for the year. But in Q1, you're seeing the full benefit show up with the dealer transition here in Q1. If you remember Q4 last year, it also saw the full benefit. And as we move through the year, there's going to be a little bit of stuff that we're getting into tougher margin expansion, but we expect to be over the $125 million margin expansion for the year at AHS. Very pleased with another strong quarter of really strong margin expansion and growth here, and we expect to continue that through the quarter or through the years. 
