Jim Lico: As we said in the prepared remarks the fourth came in around - how we’ve been predicting it. We see the first quarter of 2018 similar to the fourth quarter. So we think that will play out and then as we progressively get through the year we’ll continue to improve. We would expect growth in the second half. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks we think CapEx will start to solidify at that point. I think we feel good about that right now and we’ll see where things go as obviously as the year plays out.
Jim Lico: So 70 I would say we have very minimal inflation so we look at price cost pretty closely in every business and we're really are not seeing much inflation here. We've been able to mitigate almost all of it. So it might be a couple of points off that Scott I’m not exactly sure what the number would be but it’s minimal compared to 70 that we got.
Jim Lico: The tax rate does help a lot in that industry. So I suspect that as individual businesses start to think about what their tax rate will be and the opportunities available to them. I think that will - we really haven't heard that yet in customer conversations but I suspect that still a conversation we had. I don't think it will be a massive pull forward, but I suspect what it does do and why we said it is that it will solidify the second half of 2018.
Jim Lico: Well Andrew the way we look at as we think about returns first and we liked it - we always talked about getting for bolt-ons 10% return on capital, return on invested capital and maybe taking five years for maybe a little bigger deployment. As far as the cost of capital the cost of debts going up, it doesn’t really change ever still in that 8 range of cost of capital. We didn’t change hurdle rates as interest rates went down and we’re not really going to look in many different ways they go up.
Jim Lico: I think it will be a little slow - it will certainly be slower in 2018 than it was in 2017 we had just a bang up year in 2017 for JVS. So it will slow a little bit for the business itself it will start to get made up by the U.S. so net-net it will still continue to be a good year for Jacobs. But yes China will slow a little bit for them. They’ll also grow in China in 2018 but they won't have the really high double-digit growth that they've had it will mute a little bit.
Jim Lico: I think certainly that would be speculation because it's pretty early obviously as people start to start to think through these things Dean. I would say that on balance, generally divestitures whether it's us or someone else tend to always be related to more strategic – decisions. Certainly, with the tax rate being lower, it does make the financials look a little bit better. So I suspect on balance as we go through the year, we'll see others do that. And that will probably provide some additional opportunities. I think for us though – it's really about strategy, it's about our ability to grow the business long-term and what we can do with it. And those are really the real reasons for doing things, it’s not because we could get a little bit more money on the sale. It's really about what's the long-term potential for success in the business over time.
Jim Lico: I think you'll see PI in the mid-single digit range you’ll probably see IT in the low single-digit range. As far as the quarter, that'll probably even out more as we get longer through the year as Gilbarco turns to growth in the back half of year. But I just thought we’ll see a little bit better growth out of PI. As we've said in the prepared remarks in the quarter, Fluke did very well and maybe more broadly but the industrial macro economy in North America has improved. We've seen better point-of-sale in a number of our businesses that are more industrial related like Fluke and our sensors businesses and some of our automation businesses. So I suspect we'll see that certainly in the first part of the year which – we have a little bit of visibility to. So that gives you some sense. And as far as geographically, we think North America will be pretty good. If we take ex-Gilbarco and all the businesses in North America will be pretty good . And as I mentioned, we still think China is going to be good. It may not necessarily tip the double-digit range every quarter this year, but we think China will continue to be good. We think India will be good for the year. Latin America has done a nice improvement here over the last couple of quarters. And while it's a really small base, we think that might be. So I gave you a geography view too, but maybe too much information, but hopefully it gives some perspective how – we think the year will play out at least kind of early days.
Jim Lico: A little bit. I think we're looking for it will be a little bit stronger versus Q4 in Q1. That's how we have models as well.
Jim Lico: Well, I don't know significant lower I think we've seen good, really good positions in the high growth markets. And so – a lot of talk about EVs we're seeing some of the largest tenders in the history of the company in places like India and other parts of Southeast Asia. So we're still seeing a lot of high growth market tender activity despite the conversations around electric vehicle. So I think high-growth market will be a bigger part of Gilbarco Veeder Root. Over time, I think the transportation technologies will continue to look for and take advantage of opportunities that exist in the secular growth drivers that are beyond just retail fueling, like telematics, like smart cities and smart transportation, lot of money going into logistics and supply chain and warehousing. We're certainly taking advantage of some of those kind of trend at telematics. So I think as a business is a platform, there will be changes going on – and I suspect we'll continue to look at opportunities to take advantages of some of those longer-term drivers as well. And so I feel really good about the platform in general. North America might be a little bit less in a pure dispenser perspective, but payment challenges will still be out there. I'm sure we're not going to get rid of credit card fraud anytime soon. Point-of-sale opportunities, those are still going to exist. So when you look around the portfolio, I think the revenue will probably change by product line and geography, but ultimately we still think there's opportunities there. And more broadly, as we look at EV and AV for the company, we think there's as many opportunities for the company as anything. So with the changes that are required for the grid, for all the challenges of putting some – that sort of high power into opportunities for fast charging, those are going to provide opportunities for Fluke and Qualitrol and a number of our other businesses as well. So on balance, we see more opportunities and threat both with the combination of EV and AV and EMV trends that are going on in the market.
Jim Lico: In the GAAP numbers, yeah, we've had on the interest. And other line, there's a $8 million gain on the sale of the building related to the Cons unit that was part of the NetScout sale if you go back again in time. So that's in there, but not in the adjusted numbers.
Jim Lico: We've said we'd be in 20 to 25 range which I think is where we were through the year. I think we ended closer to 25 at the end of the year. I would expect that probably ticks up 200 or 300 basis points as we go through the year.
Jim Lico: Yes, well, just because you get the full year fact of all the businesses we bought, plus the growth and things like inside 360 and some of those businesses.
Jim Lico: So in the fourth quarter, you're exactly right. The Middle East was probably the big one. India too in the fourth was a little lower too because just some timing, tender timing that happens all the time. And so that we’ll look past that we'll have a good year in India in 2018 that will – it moves around a little bit by quarter there. But, overall we're confident a good year in 2018. So I think that's where in stand, I think the year will look as I said we’ll slow a little bit in China probably to high single digits but by enlarge I think we’ll continue to see good China, good India, Latin America will be good of a small base. So those - and I think Middle East as we noted in the prepared remarks a little bit at Qualitrol level we’ll move through some of their challenges with some backlog, but - we’ll be still slow in the Middle East I think in the first half.
Jim Lico: Yes, I think by the end of the year it does I’m just thinking right now as they get through the year with some - obviously they are working off projected business that they have line of site too and right now that looks like they would be able to do that and be back to growth by the end of year.
Jim Lico: Well I think we saw something in the fourth quarter that led us to believe that things might be starting to get better. I wouldn’t try to highlight that things are going to turn over right in the first quarter anything like that. We start Expo here in a couple days which is our large franchisee event every year. We've got good attendance this year which is good to see, but we still think some of the data points that we typically look at around predicting the business are starting to get a little bit better and will get better into the summer. What we did see in the fourth was we saw some order growth which was good, we saw something strengthening with in terms of our franchisee headcount. So a lot of those forward-looking things are starting to get better. I wouldn't call them really good yet, but we have a little bit more optimism obviously the team is doing a great job executing as I mentioned in the prepared remarks in diagnostics and in places where they have opportunity. They've done a very good job and we think a lot of that effort plus a little bit better market we’ll start to happen as we progress through the year. I think they’ll be in the growth mode probably this quarter, but I think that number will get better through the year.
Jim Lico: Thanks Jeff. And our hardest working tech team in Fortive in the last 30 days is probably been our tech team, so they do a great job.
Jim Lico: No, I think if we adjusted the margins for transaction costs out that's correct, but we just adjusted out one place on the EPS, but you’re not wrong about that.
Jim Lico: But I think what we try to focus on is the core segment margins which I had pointed to for just that kind of reason until we get to a year. But that's a multilayered question - I rather when we take it offline and we’ll walk you through each one of those things, but that's the reason we try to focus on the core and give you that on the presentation.
Jim Lico: So as you said they had a very strong year really a number of things that they have done exceptionally well from an execution standpoint. I think we highlighted last year we had a large order from a large mobile phone manufacturer in the first part of the year that helped and in the second half of the year we really did - a really strong, really great job with the new product introduction of the 5 Series that we talked about in the prepared remarks. That 5 Series is the first generation of a new platform of product that will continue to come out in a series of things over the next several years. So not only will the product itself have some runway in the next year, but the platform itself will also deliver some runway. We've always said that tech is somewhere in the low single-digit grower over a long period of time and during when things are a little bit better they’ll popup above that that’s around a little bit better than market growth they tend to perform better than market growth. So that's how we think about it and what we’ve been trying to do with the business is continue to build less cyclicality out of it with extending our service business which is a pretty substitute part of Tektronix now. So those are things we’re doing long-term to not only solidify the growth rate but also make it less cyclical and the number of our actions have been working and you saw that cloud in 2017 and you’ll see that cloud in 2018.
Jim Lico: So we had just maybe a little bit we were with the ISC team last week, we’re really impressed with the work that they've done to take the Fortive business system and really do a lot with it. They were already had a pretty strong continuous improvement culture and have really done a great job with it. Landauer a little bit later into the process because obviously we closed and then after the IFC deal, we’ll see them in about a month and have an opportunity to see their progress. We did a short review with the team here last week and really, really happy with the progress they have made on a number of action that they need to get after. I mentioned in the prepared remarks about we’re using their channel now. We've rebranded the entirety of the portfolio Fluke health solutions. And we've been seeing some real good synergy on the revenue side. So we feel good early days - it's still very early days but it’s good to be in a good place in the early days then in alternative to that.
Jim Lico: Well Brian I think we've always tried to clear about two things. One is that we would look for strategic opportunities to accelerate our businesses. And two we try to give you sense of what our spending capacity could be at a point in time. Sometimes we give you a longer cycle that, I think what we'll try to do this time is to be really transparent about the opportunities we have in front of us. I'm not trying to telegraph anything. The funnel we have today is very good, the breadth of the funnel and the strength of the funnel meaning good businesses, the breadth of the funnel meaning across platforms and geographies. So we feel good that there's opportunity to deploy that. We never know how to predict those things, but we feel good about it and we didn't want it - we're really not trying to warm anybody up but rather just be very transparent and give you real sense of what kind of opportunities we could take advantage of should they avail themselves to us.
Jim Lico: Well I think it’s hard to call anything - there are lot of things in the pipeline from a variety of sizes even some things we probably couldn’t do today but would love to do down the road. So I think that’s the way we think about it and that’s why the breadth of the things are the things we could do today and things we can do tomorrow. I think our success has always been about making sure that we don't just have an eye on the thing - on the next bank book to drop but rather have a real strategic vision of what we can do and cultivate the funnel that way. And so there is a great breadth of opportunity for us and hopefully with the work we do we’ll make some of those reality over time.
Jim Lico: Thanks everybody. As I said in the prepared remarks, we're really proud of the year we had. We really wanted to thank our employees around the world but we also want to thank all of you who spent the time with us, who really allowed us to give you a sense of our vision for the company and for the strength of the feedback you've given us. We’re incredibly proud of 2017, but even more excited about 2018. So we'll look forward seeing you all soon in a number of conferences and things like that. Lisa and the team are around for questions and follow-up and we’ll see you real soon. Have a great night. Thank you.
Chuck McLaughlin: Steve that’s probably a max capacity if we want to do everything this year. Obviously there’re several assumptions built into that and you know that still with the assumption that we have a strong commitment to keep investment grade. So we just want to frame where we’re at and what we felt we could do.
Chuck McLaughlin: Yes, well I think the price of most exposure that would be tech and particularly strong, a strong year - that really affect their China business the most. And we quite see a little bit of slowdown after three years of double-digit growth. We probably see a high single-digit like growth and China for them next year, but we still think 2018 will be a good year for tax relative to the exposure they have in semi which again is mostly in China.
Chuck McLaughlin: No, we have the option the SEC gave us an unprecedented option to build or make it provisional and with the sheer complexity and volume of this it's just good sense to put up a provisional estimate. Having said that, we've done extensive work and we think we’ve got very good number - a number her but by putting up a provisional it keeps means that we could make minor adjustments.
Chuck McLaughlin: So in Q4, IT was lighter than normal, mostly because of the topline. And there's a little bit of timing. You can look back to last year where they had a tough compare. But to your fundamental question about what should we expect with the VCM going forward, 30 to 35 is a good number. If you just back up and look at their whole year, that's right where they're trending and that's what we'd expect going forward.
Chuck McLaughlin: I think, no not really and there was a slight favorable, but it wasn't material I think you'll see in our bridge in the first half of 2018 that we'll see a couple of cents a quarter in Q1 and Q2. And then it tapers off.
Chuck McLaughlin: So no, we definitely continue to expect productivity gains we just didn’t call it out on to the bridge and we kind of lump in to the other with interest and share price its actually it’s a productivity gain it just got - because that was getting too many bars on that graph.
Chuck McLaughlin: We've spent a lot of time it’s likely maybe we’ll run more as there is more pronounces coming up. But we feel very good about the 20%. We don't think that's going to drift higher unless there some change in the code going forward and we're very pleased with the work our tech team has done and there's been some incremental spend to get there. But we’re pretty happy with all the work and I think you can use that going forward.
