Charles McLaughlin: Thanks, Jim, and hello, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 8 with a quick recap of our fourth quarter performance. We generated year-over-year total revenue growth of 3.8% with core growth of 1%. Acquisitions contributed over 3 points of growth in the quarter, primarily from ServiceChannel while FX was a modest headwind. Year-over-year orders and backlog in our hardware businesses grew 14% and 84%, respectively. Adjusted gross margins approached 58% in the quarter, and operating margins were 24.4%, near the high-end of our guidance. This reflected 190 basis points of core operating margin expansion with over 200 basis points of price realization. Turning to the right side of this slide. Jim covered the segment highlights earlier and I wanted to provide some further color on the regions. North America revenues were roughly flat, reflecting strong demand across multiple end markets, offset by supply chain constraints impacting Tektronix and Fluke, as well as lower consumables at ASP. Western Europe saw year-over-year declines across much of the portfolio, including a difficult COVID-related compare at Invetech. That said, we had good growth at ASP, where elective procedure rates have held up better, and consumables are benefiting from recent growth in our installed base. Asia as well as our high-growth regions grew revenues double digits in the quarter, driven by mid-teens growth in China with strong performance across the portfolio. Turning to Slide 9. We generated $265 million of free cash flow in the fourth quarter representing 92% conversion of adjusted net income. Working capital was a use of cash, as we made investments in inventory to support our robust revenue plan for 2022. And we also saw a change in receivables trend with lower customer receipts in the fourth quarter than we had expected. Staying with cash, we deployed $2.6 billion through M&A in 2021 and ended the year with net leverage of 2.4 times. We estimate M&A capacity of approximately $5 billion over the next three years, and the funnel remains full across each part of segment with both hardware and software opportunities. We remain disciplined, looking to add assets to our portfolio that significantly enhance the leading positions of our segments and increase our value proposition to our customers. Turning now to the guide on Slide 10, as we look ahead, we expect that in 2022 will be another year of differentiated growth and margin expansion in each of our strategic segments, supported by secular tailwinds, continued strong demand backdrop and a robust backlog heading into the year. The 2022 outlook is based on a balanced set of assumptions, including the likelihood that supply chain constraints will persist through much of the year with continued strength in orders at least through the first half. We expect another year of strong price realization to more than offset continued cost inflation and the benefit of our software strategy to generate double-digit software growth in 2022, taking total software revenues to $950 million. And lastly, in health care, we are planning for elective procedures to remain flat to 2021 levels in total, starting lower and ramping over the course of the year. Turning to the next slide. We are introducing full year 2022 guidance with revenue in the range of $5.7 billion to $5.9 billion, representing 5.5% to 8.5% core growth, while acquisitions, net of unfavorable FX, will contribute an additional 3.5 points of growth for the year. Adjusted operating profit margins in the range of 24% to 24.5% with margin expansion in each segment. Adjusted diluted net EPS guidance of $3 to $3.13, up 9% to 14%, with an effective tax rate of approximately 16%. Adjusting EPS growth normalized for tax would be 14% to 19% for the year. Free cash flow conversion is expected to be approximately 105% of net income, which would yield a 20% free cash flow margin. In summary, our portfolio continues to show the benefits of the actions we've taken to build a more resilient growth company capable of converting more revenue to earnings and more earnings to cash. Turning to Slide 12 and the first quarter guidance. We expect a similar external environment as the second half of 2021 with revenue of $1.34 billion at the midpoint, with core revenue growth in the range of 1.5% to 4.5% and approximately 4% revenue growth from acquisitions, net of unfavorable FX. Adjusting operating profit margin of 23% at the midpoint, up slightly year-over-year. Adjusted diluted net earnings per share of $0.65 to $0.69, assuming a 15% to 16% tax rate in the quarter; and free cash flow conversion of approximately 70%, slightly higher than our Q1 seasonal trend, reflecting partial recovery of receipts that slipped out of the fourth quarter. With that, I'll pass it back to Jim for some closing remarks.
Charles McLaughlin: Steve, this is Chuck. What we expect is probably not going to be a surprise. We're constrained right now with supply chain. But as we move through time, we expect that some of that will gradually accelerate. I mean, we're talking about going from 3% up to high single - up 7% for the year. So I think that it just gradually - there's not a step function that happens. It doesn't happen all at the end of Q4 is what's built into this guide.
Charles McLaughlin: Yes, we would expect to. We think that we've got, as Jim talked about, strong order momentum coming into this year. We don't - while we expect that supply chain will allow us to increase our shipments, we're not sure that it - and we have a really strong backlog position. So we do expect supply chain as we go through the year to get incrementally better each quarter and would have us exiting year very strong.
Charles McLaughlin: No. It's really that what we realized we haven't been able to predict it going forward. So what we want to show is, hey, this is where it is right now. You can see the margin expansion has been good all year long, and we don't expect us to have growth there. And this is what happens if a basic don't get better. And maybe, if anything, it's acknowledging that we can't actually predict that. We would say that if electives go up, then we'd have upside here.
Charles McLaughlin: Yes. That was a Q4, the 2% overall in Q4 2021. And for what we're thinking, what's embedded in our guide is 2% for 2022. That's about twice what we would normally get as in a normal year.
Charles McLaughlin: Well, I think we came into the year thinking 14% as the right baseline for us, and I think that's pretty good. What drives it down in 2021 is some discrete items that came through usually around some of the bigger transactions, even with the split from Danaher that are really hard to predict. We don't see any of those going forward. So we - a normal, we revert back to that 14%. What we don't have in here is anything about U.S. tax reform or changes. But what we do have is the international tax rate are going up in some countries and there's a global minimum tax rate that's going up. So in 2022, we actually end up with probably a $0.12 headwind versus - and that's embedded in our guidance. The rate is 16%.
Charles McLaughlin: No. I think we anticipate that to get renewed, so that's not changing. It's really about the – what's going on internationally in tax rates.
Charles McLaughlin: I'd probably have to come back to you on the R&D tax credit if it's not extended. That would be surprising but potentially I guess every time - until it's renewed, we'd put that on there. So let me come in in our follow-up call, I'll add that number for you. From working capital, I think that what will happen here is that supply chain rolls out, we'll get more sales out and our inventory turns will improve. And as we talked about also things related to COVID, we expect that receivables come down. That will primarily start to seeing that improvement in the first half. There's always puts and takes in our conversion ratio about what can go on there. There are some things going on with the timing of tax payments there that - we're talking 1% or 2% here that can go either way. But we'd expect normally, we start off in Q1 with a 50% or 60% conversion. It accelerates through the year as it has the last couple of years. We're probably a little bit ahead of that in Q1, but it won't get over 100% until probably the second quarter and into the second half.
James Lico: Thanks, Chuck. As many of you know, Fortive celebrated its fifth anniversary as a public company in 2021. And as you can see on Slide 13, we continue to validate the investment thesis that we have pursued since 2016. Our through-cycle core growth has doubled from low single-digit to mid-single-digit as we have more than doubled our base of recurring revenue and meaningfully added higher-growth, higher-margin software businesses to our portfolio. Our gross and operating margins have increased as well. We've improved gross margins over 800 basis points. And back in 2016, we started off talking about 30 basis points to 50 basis points per year operating profit margin expansion. Now we're talking about 75 basis points on average per year through the cycle. As a result, earnings and free cash flow is also up meaningfully over this time. We are on track to a 20% free cash flow margin in 2022, up from approximately 18% in 2021, further differentiating Fortive. Wrapping up on Slide 14, and before we move to questions, I'd like to thank our team members for their exceptional commitment to our shared purpose and core values, which underpin everything we do and how we do it. Extraordinary teams delivering extraordinary results again in 2021, even in the face of unprecedented supply chain constraints and prolonged COVID headwinds, our teams remain focused and committed to delivering for our customers, each other and our shareholders, delivering financial results well ahead of our initial expectations coming into the year. While each of our businesses continues to evolve and improve across key metrics, we know there is more to do. As such, we expect another year of differentiated growth and profitability in 2022, taking us one step closer to delivering on the multiyear targets set back at our May 2021 investor conference. Finally, we know you have a choice and we want you to be with us for the long term. We're confident the work we do to create long-term sustainable competitive advantages for our operating companies and our strategic segments yields best-in-class sustainable returns for Fortive for a long time to come. With that, I'll turn it back to Elena.
James Lico: Good to hear from you, Julian. Morning and afternoon, our time zone here, I guess. First of all, I think when we look at the full year, as you said we see some improvement through the year at Fluke and Tek. We had a very good fourth quarter in Sensing. So I think the supply chain constraints have been in Sensing, but we have good confidence there. I think when you look at the backlog situation at Fluke and Tek, as you pointed out, very strong, record backlog in both businesses as we start the year. And quite frankly, we don't anticipate any backlog reduction in the first half and really minimal backlog reduction in the full year. So, we see the demand side of this from an order perspective, we talked about that in the prepared remarks, as an example, Fluke up 20% in orders for 2021. So, I think, we definitely - and we're seeing the drivers that we've talked about, some of those secular drivers continuing to play out. So whether it's the strength in innovation, whether it's some of the things that we've been doing in particular markets to differentiate the business, we see the demand front still very good in the first half. So certainly, there'll be maybe a little bit of a slower growth rate from 2021 from an orders perspective. We still see the demand environment very good to deliver the year. And quite frankly, we think we'll go into 2023 very strong as well.
James Lico: Yes. Thanks. First of all, I think when we look at the fourth quarter, it's really indicative of our strategy playing out. When you think about one of the things we said from the onset is that we could take those high-growth markets and really regions outside of the United States. And as we brought them into a more focused business, we would deliver success. And you see that in the double-digit growth that we had outside of the United States in the quarter. We saw good mid-single-digit growth in capital around the world. And as we said, we've grown the installed base over the last few years. So we feel good about a share perspective because we see that on the equipment side. As you point out, a little bit tougher on the electives than we anticipated. That's been a tough thing to predict. We feel we're going into the year relatively - maybe not conservative but appropriate in terms of looking at what happened in the fourth quarter, not anticipating that getting better through the year, even in Q1, maybe a little bit lower on the electives as we see Omicron. But I think as we stand today, we had great margin expansion at ASP and in health in the fourth and you'll see that in the first even as well. And we think the strategy is playing out very much. We've done a nice job on the gross margin and operating margin side at ASP. More broadly, I think we've positioned the segment well with the addition of Provation, certainly another a great add to the segment. So, I think it's been appropriate relative to predicting ASP. And I think when you look at the core growth rate for the full year in 2022. You see our strategy playing out more broadly. And you certainly see that as we accelerate growth through the year and, quite frankly, continue to deliver strong margin expansion.
James Lico: Maybe just to add on to that. Maybe just add to that real quick is that, we typically think of this as the Omicron variant and the new variants, it's also the combination. We said this in the prepared remarks that there are some specialty staffing challenges in the United States. And so we think it takes a little longer for that to bring to come back. But I think the strength of the momentum building on the installed base and as we said, the strength of really, quite frankly, the growth we've had outside the United States, those two combinations really showing our strategy play out. So yes, I think we've been a little bit more conservative on the elective side. But I think what we're seeing with the margin expansion and some of the things I just mentioned, certainly, the strategy playing out and creating momentum for the business through the year.
James Lico: Yes. Andrew, I think number one, as we said, supply chain constraints, typically, I would think about it in two categories: one, from a supplier perspective, and the other around freight and logistics. So let's take the supplier side. You're certainly right. A number of our countermeasures that we had relative to the tariffs put us into some locations around the world and Asia that were hit harder by COVID. That's certainly been part of the challenge. The second part of it is, when we think about microcontrollers, when we think about ASICs, when we think about FPGAs, those are components, particularly on the ASIC side, where we've really designed around sole source differentiated technology, which has historically given us better margins and better differentiated technology from a product perspective. You see that mostly in the higher-end products at Fluke and at Tech. And that's why Sensing didn't have as big an impact relative to this because they tend to use more commercial off-the-shelf products. So we're getting those things changed where, as you said, the question of what we're doing, we're qualifying new suppliers, we're redesigning some platform architectures around the ability to source in different places. We're moving some - we're moving supply base out of some maybe higher-risk COVID locations in the world. And all of those actions played out and will play out in the fourth - in the first quarter. That's where you see the core growth getting a little bit better at both Fluke and Tech in the first quarter. And then it continues to improve through the year. So we're not anticipating necessarily a big shift in change relative to the supply side in the year. What we're really seeing is the benefit of our countermeasures building through the year. So that's how we think about it. On the freight side, it's clearly freight lane challenges from Asia to the U.S. And you see some of that in the growth rates in Asia between Asia and the United States. Some of that has impacted by the fact that we just don't have to ship product as far when we're shipping product into Asia than we are into the U.S. So that's a broad, broad swath of the actions that we're taking. And it takes a little while to get some of those things all in place, but we'll see that improvement. We're seeing that improvement now and we'll see it build throughout the year.
James Lico: Total software growth was low double-digits in Q4 and in the full year, so that certainly has the benefit of ServiceChannel. I think our core revenue growth was mid-single-digit in the fourth. So good. And I think really what we saw that was really good was our ARR growth in the fourth quarter was high single-digits. So I think we saw a good benefit from a number of our strategies playing out both core and certainly with the addition of ServiceChannel and Provation. That gets to the 2022 targets that we highlighted in the slide you're referencing. We'll see that growth be double digit in Q1. So we're really seeing, I think, good - we saw some good benefits. It takes a little on the SaaS side for that revenue to impact the full year. But as I said, we'll see it in the first quarter. Feel good about where we're at relative to the core businesses, but also what we had in both ServiceChannel and certainly what we're seeing early days of Provation.
James Lico: Yes, thanks. And Nigel, I think, I said this on the third quarter call, but we think about - when we think about inventory now, we also think about, given that we've got a substantial backlog, we're also going to look at what distributors have on order, so that we make sure we understand relative to true demand versus maybe inventory building on their side. And I think in that regard, we see good sales out and we don't see big inventory on hand or relative to the inventory build. So we're seeing a good demand environment relative to both Fluke and Tech. And I think it is somewhat impacted by the availability. So we would say, hey, it's probably even - it could be even better if we were delivering at the on-time delivery rates that we typically do, which is in the high 90s. So I think, in general, as I sort of said to Julian's question as well, we're seeing good demand on the demand front. And I think we're starting - we're seeing that in some of our channel partners' external comments. So we feel good about the demand environment where we have distribution businesses on a global basis. Where we're delivering maybe a little bit better in Asia, we saw better sales out and we saw good sales in. So I think we feel confident about the level of activity that's going on with customers. We've got a lot of good innovation, as we highlighted in the prepared remarks in the quarter, and we have really accelerated innovation in 2022 at both Fluke and Tek, which we also think will have a nice impact.
James Lico: Yes. I think number one, we called it out, and I'm sure probably answered that on the software numbers as well. We did have less days in the quarter. So where we have staff, we have a little bit of impact relative to less days. We think, as we said in some of the guides, we think the combination of Accruent and Gordian, when you sort of think about that, we've moved some businesses between the two on a full year basis at low double digits. That's probably a little higher at Gordian. But we would see - right now, we see Accruent in the mid- to high single digits for 2022. So we had good ARR growth in the fourth quarter. So the combination of the work we're doing, we'll still have some SaaS transition because in many cases, we're relying on new logos and that new logo growth can be a little bit more of a headwind than if we were converting a very large maintenance installed base to SaaS, like we are at Provation. So it's a combination of things that we're doing, new logo growth but – at Accruent and also just continuing to invest in those high-growth opportunities. We talked about it in the prepared remarks, workspace planning as an example, our EMS product line, which grew 50% in the year. So it's a combination. That's not our biggest product line. But over time, at that growth rate, it inevitably takes over being a bigger part of the growth story, and we'll see that starting to play out in 2022 and 2023 at Accruent.
James Lico: Yes. So I would say first – and first, given the fact that I've been on East Coast time for the better part of 20 years, this is a fine change, but we do listen. And Elena's been a great add for sure, and we're really excited to talk about the frame that we've got at a time zone that's easier for all of you. I think number one, we would think about that $50 million is about 70% supply chain. So think of the remaining piece of that as probably COVID related, a chunk of that being electives being lower than we anticipated and some of that is just kind of some of our service businesses and things like that that had a little bit of challenge in December of getting on site. So the 70% of supply chain, let's break that down a little bit. The majority of that is it's Fluke and Tektronix and a little bit at EMC. And I would say, Fluke and Tek, it really is about electronic components and some of the things I described on Andrew's question, very much around how - a big portion of that is application specific ICs. Those are technologies that are pretty much dedicated to what we do in our product lines. And the work we do, as I described before, is really the countermeasure to doing that. So it's - so I won't go into more detail on that since we already did. But another part of that is what we saw at EMC, and the EMC thing is pretty specific to some specific supplier shortfalls as well as some customer challenges that I would also say that it has a little bit of - you might have seen this in other government - people have government contracts on the commercial side and on the military side, where customers have to come in to validate products before they get shipped. And we saw less activity at the end of the year, just given COVID. So that's a swath of it. But the biggest bucket, the highest bar is really the supply chain issues we described at Fluke and Tek.
James Lico: Yes. I would say – Deane, I would say almost no amount of that backlog is customer driven from an inventory or buy ahead kind of standpoint. Maybe a little bit, because we've been raising prices. So I'd say, there's a little bit of backlog in what I would call price increase. But we limit the ability for customers to be able to do that in terms of weeks of supply. So there's some of it, but not a lot. It really is on the demand side. It's certainly on the semiconductor side. We're seeing great growth at Keithley. But we're also seeing it more broadly in some of the products that we designate for maybe industrial markets, some of the power strategies we've talked about. We're seeing some of the new innovation on the two series, some different probe categories, and we mentioned in the prepared remarks, the new 5 Series. We're seeing really good customer interest in those products. Hence, our book-to-bill was – was so strong. So I – we really think the demand cycle for Tek is certainly going to be strong in 2022. And quite frankly, as much as you can get early signs on this, we think strong in 2023 as well, given those dynamics, some of what you described and also with the color I just provided.
James Lico: Yes. We said – I think, we said, we've had low single-digit compounded growth in installed base over the last several years. I think cap – terminal sterilization capital is actually up mid-single digit in the year. So we've seen growth in installed base since we bought ASP, which is additional boxes in your terminology.
James Lico: We don't anticipate the backlog at PacSci side, quite frankly, Deane – or sorry, Scott. We don't see it completing at all this year. We have a really, really strong backlog at Pacific Scientific right now.
James Lico: Yes. It's our new innovation tool. It's really a thing and historically, it's really from – it really applies to both software and hardware. It's a new tool that we're deploying in every one of the businesses. And it really is sort of an accelerated product development. It's a set of tools that accelerates product development, manages the portfolio better in terms of how to look at early-stage innovation as opposed to maybe being maybe slight – over the years, we've been maybe a little bit more focused on the next generation of things we do. I think it brings some new concepts around managing not only the things we've got to do in the next generation of things, but also bringing on some new things that really drive full incremental growth base focused on new secular drivers. So built over time, we should see better returns on our R&D investment, and we should see accelerated core growth from those investments as well.
James Lico: Not in the quarter. I think what's embedded in - there could be some moving back and forth at this point right now. There's nothing dramatic that's anticipated, Jeff. I would say what we're seeing though is we are seeing those value - I mean, we're getting great visibility into the value propositions of each of those businesses. And I think we have a better sense of selling strategy. And I think we're in a very good place. We may see some challenge between situations over time with customers, but nothing is anticipated from the size. And particularly, some of the growth drivers, particularly like about things like workspace management, no conflict whatsoever. That's really an independent strategy and product line that really resides at Accruent. So I think we've got some good levers to pull in the Accruent business. And obviously, the broader opportunity that we have with ServiceChannel around the things they do is really great. And I think with the combination of what we do at Gordian and Accruent in some of those overlap is only going to continue to help us build a better position and value proposition for customers.
James Lico: Yes, John. We always say the funnel is pretty good and I would say that, that's very true. We remain busy. The private market tends to lag a couple of quarters here from what you see in the public market. They go through all the cycles of denial and things like that. So I suspect we'll - as we look at things and as we continue to be disciplined about what we look at, we will take that into account as we look at things, knowing that potentially it takes a little while for that to occur. And I would say we feel really good about the two deals we've done over the last few months with ServiceChannel and then Provation closing at the end of the year. So lots to do with those two businesses to really take and help those businesses continue to - they're great businesses. We've bought great businesses. We've got great opportunity there. So we're spending time on making sure they become - they get a great start in Fortive. And we remain disciplined and we'll watch these private transactions. But I do think it will be a couple of quarters before those valuations start to see themselves hit in the private market.
James Lico: Yes. So thanks, everyone, for the time. Hopefully, this time works better for you. And this process works well for your time frame. I know you're in an incredibly busy day and a busy time of the season. We appreciate the time and energy that you put into spending some time with us. Obviously, we're available for follow-up calls. I think what you see in the year, hopefully, you got a sense of certainly, there were a number of things and challenges in the fourth quarter. I come back to the 9.5% core growth we had for the year, the great margin expansion that we've had over a couple of years. And quite frankly, over a two-year basis, the strong free cash flow that we continue to demonstrate. We walk into '22, a lot of our strategy playing out in terms of health care, a lot of our strategy playing out on software, as we described. And I think a lot of the actions we're taking to take advantage of the innovation that we put in some of our hardware businesses, particularly at Fluke and Tek and within Sensing. So we're incredibly fortunate to be in the position we're in. The world is not without its challenges. We certainly think we are well positioned to take advantage of those as we move through the year. We look forward to the continued follow-up and conversations with you, and hopefully, we'll get a chance to see in person here sometime in the next few months. Thanks, and have a great day.
