Jim Lico: It is Jim, thanks. Well. I think first and foremost we as you know from few months ago, we said we thought that we'd be in the sort of 4% range for the second half -- mid-single digit range in the second half. And really this is just playing out with a slightly different cadence, some of the backlog that we talked about with the hurricane pushed into the fourth quarter, so we built backlog, it flew not only at Gilbarco, we also built backlog at Tech and Fluke. So we're walking into a good backlog situation. We talked about some of the orders at EMC as well that moved into the fourth. So we've got a movement, but it's really no change really to how we sort of see the macro or see the revenue, it's just the slightly different cadence between the third quarter and the fourth quarter.
Jim Lico: So, as we said, if we've sort of sun-setted this 3D sensing discussion with the end of the third quarter but that had a little bit of obvious impact in it. Really as we said in the prepared remarks, Western Europe was pretty good for Tek, in particular, one of the highlights in Europe for all of Fortive and China remained good in the mid-single digit range, so we -- really the semiconductor side of that was pretty good. So we felt pretty good about the quarter in that realm. Really the -- if you will the decline -- a little of the decline in the quarter was really due to North America that was some little bit of slowness combined with some orders that moved into the fourth. So, we think we’ll improve that, we know we’ll improve that number in the fourth quarter and right now from what we're seeing, the headline -- look away from the headlines, but what we're actually seeing in China from an order’s perspective is the continuation of the business in China with growth at Tektronix. And we're certainly watching all the things that you all watched to see if the headlines become reality, but at this point right now, the order book looks pretty good for the fourth quarter for China for Tektronix.
Jim Lico: It’s a great question. First I think, we're starting to see some of the hardware sales that took a little bit longer, we talked about that, the vibe sensor that we launched this quarter really a great product, a three-year life, really ease of use, really gets to a real core modality of challenge for condition monitoring. So, the killer hardware solution comes out with -- as we said, eMaint’s been a good double-digit grower for -- really since we bought the business. So we're getting scale in that regard as well. So it's not -- I think we added 131 customers in the quarter as well, so the addition of new customers plus up selling to current customers and with the hardware come along, it is starting to create just some really nice tailwinds for the business.
Jim Lico: Clearly, one of the things you saw with cadence at GVR was that it was slightly back-end loaded quarter and then the hurricane kind of came at a time when a lot of our employees had to deal with the issues at home and things like that. And so, we lost a number of production days, which not only pushed revenue into the fourth quarter but also cost us on the cost side as well, so it was a headwind from a cost side as we put in premium freight, some of those things in order to protect the customers we could. But it was really maybe a less linear quarter than we thought, a lot of our small net -- the nice thing about the small network owners was a number of them showed up in the quarter, maybe the downside of that is they showed up later in the quarter. So that really pushes the big chunk of the backlog into the -- that we saw in the fourth quarter. The other places where we build backlog really were just large orders, some of them were customer situations, everyone has its story, but I think as we went -- as Chuck and I went through all the forecasts, we felt pretty good about -- a lot of it wasn't necessarily past due backlog but rather backlog that was just going to be due. So combination of some orders getting delayed, some customers pushing things out was really the answer. Now we're almost done with the quarter -- the month right now for us and most of those orders have already revenued. So, we feel good about the fact that those are now you know some of the improvements that we’ve had. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, some of these government orders were really, really just took longer than we thought. And like I said, some of them have already been revenued.
Jim Lico: We're really excited about it, it’s a prudent way to make an investment here that allows for us to sort of have the technology we need. We've got a great footprint as you know around the world with gas station owners. And we'll really you know as we're starting to talk to large scale network owners, they're wanting to -- they're starting to think about an EV solution that needs to be fast charging obviously because in a gas station it’s not going to be something slow. So this faster charging technology that we've got that’s IP protected is really a great advantage for us and we can globalize that business with a partner like Tritium. So, in the U.S. that's going to be mostly large network owners, in Europe, it's going to be a little bit different, it will be some of the oil and gas folks, it will be some utility. And so we'll have some slightly different partners as well to expand the business. So I think we're really excited about what we can do to help them globalize the business with that technology. We do have a right to purchase the company as well, so if things play out the way hopefully we all think and depending on timing and I think that's what I mean by prudent, we don't know necessarily the timing of electric vehicles and how long it will take for there to be meaningful investment with some of our customers, but we're getting to work as I mentioned at the National Association of Convenience Stores trade show we had a few weeks ago, we launched -- this is where we made the announcement and we had a lot of large scale customers were pretty excited about the offering.
Jim Lico: Scott, maybe just one thought. We'll see it accelerate in the fourth quarter as Chuck said. So, a lot of our countermeasures early in the third quarter were an attempt to kind of, what I call short term in nature and as Chuck mentioned, the supply chain and pricing things are really going to carry the water in the fourth quarter and into 2019. And we've been pretty deep into this trying to make sure that we're appropriately covered and we feel pretty good about that. The fact that we expanded gross margins in part because of the business model change in the quarter, I think also reflects that we started to get some traction in some of those efforts relative to how we go into the fourth quarter.
Jim Lico: Gordian is pretty close already, so we -- I think by probably you know relatively quickly in both businesses, really, I think we're probably in the range of that by 2019 and into 2020. So maybe the second half of 2019 and into 2020 will be in the zone. And they are great businesses. One of the caveats of that though is as we get into it and we do 100-day strategic plans, I think the question we're going to ask ourselves is can we accelerate the growth rate. So some of that might require additional investment and we've seen that benefit at eMaint, to take it back to the question we had before, we're starting to see some of that accelerated growth at eMaint because we didn't necessarily put all the money to the bottom line early at eMaint, we decided to invest in sales and marketing. So we haven't necessarily done that yet we'll wait to sort of go through the 100-day strategic plan, but we certainly are going to look for opportunities to accelerate the growth rate with the kind of gross margins that are in those businesses and the recurring revenue, we think that would be a prudent thing to do.
Jim Lico: Yeah, I think the margin impact on volume we calculate the fall through of greater than 50%. So, yeah, we’ve got a pretty good idea, but the margin in terms of -- operating margin that we're talking about in PI is also the fact that with the increasing volume at Gilbarco, we're also ramping up and we are less efficient than we would normally be due to really just increase in volume we're seeing. But we’ll expect IT to deliver 50 basis points of OMX I'm in the whole business for the whole year. We’re going to be okay.
Jim Lico: I think what we saw, we said in the prepared remarks that there were some challenging parts and what we meant by that is really the utilities, we saw where we have utilities sales principally at Qualitrol and a small part of Fluke. We clearly saw some investment going down in those parts of the business. Now they don't have the -- we still grew high-single digits, so it didn't have a huge impact. But we're watching for the particular verticals to see if there's trends. We look at our point of sale at Fluke which remains strong, but we want to continue to watch that. That’s one of a good view of just the sort of day to day economy. And of course we're going to continue to watch semiconductor and electronics markets in China because of the impact that has on Tektronix. So those are probably some places that sort of move the needle if you will relative to our business. And obviously the gas station business, the GVR Veeder Root business has been secularly growing because of the investment in double walled tank and that's a trend right now that's going very well for us and so there are certain secular trends within the GVR business that we’ll watch as well.
Jim Lico: Steve, a couple of things, first of all, price is one lever we’re using, but it's not the entire lever. We're also using -- going after supply chain where we're sourcing and in some cases moving where we're going to be producing our products. But all those things come together to offset the tariffs that we see from all you know 232 and the 301, it was one, two, three, all three of those lists. We actually have -- we've got – our teams work on it and the duty team is -- sizes that very specifically and there's -- it's really pretty prescriptive and we feel like we have a rather exact amount, I mean, we ship more and there will be more duties, but we have a good handle on exactly what it is and therefore, we've been matched up to countermeasures. There's generally a lag. We are seeing a lag of when a new tariff. I’m not saying that we more new tariffs, but new tariff goes in, where it takes us probably better part of the quarter or at least a couple months to get them in. It takes us a quarter to fully offset that in a run rate. And so since we last talked, there's been new list put out and so that's why it's giving us a little bit of -- a little more hit in the back end, but as I say, we've got it handled and offset in 2019.
Jim Lico: Yeah. I think part of -- first and foremost, I think as we look at the price metric, as we said 60 bps, in every quarter, we'll have a few businesses that maybe don't hit that number. I think product realization, we didn't hit it, in part, because we've got some contract in the third quarter with some new US military folks that carry price reductions as an example. But, on balance, we're really looking at the full year. And as we look into -- I suspect we’ll be in a good position as we get to the sort of second half price, we’ll find that most of the platforms will have gotten price at that point. So, that's really how we think about it and as Chuck mentioned on the previous question, we're going to see an acceleration of price. Most of the price increases are in, so the gross price is in. So, from that perspective, I think we're going to be -- we're going to be in good shape to continue to offset any price inflation, any cost inflation that we have, whether it be tariffs or anything else, plus gain some of that price as the margin expansion opportunity as well in ’19.
Jim Lico: Well, I think that we’ve notice similar things as we’re really excited with Gordian and Accruent and our acquisitions to come on board, but our current thinking is that we’ll wait till we get to the other side of the ASP business. And then that sets the timing, that will make sense, probably looking at a platform level, of course, that's what's going to make the most sense and it will be after that. That's what I'd expect.
Jim Lico: I think, well, we should see pretty evenly distributed. So, I suspect around those numbers, so probably in the -- it will be in the range of each other probably. I don't think we'll see an enormous delta between the two to be honest with you, Nigel. And I think you'll see the continuation of businesses, like Fluke to see the continuations, you see some acceleration at Gilbarco, you will see good acceleration at Tektronix as examples. It's kind of hard for us to not move the needle up in the whole business without the big businesses going up. So I think you'll start to see that, some of that will be backlog related and some of that will be just demand that we see.  So that's sort of our assumptions that, regionally, we sort of think the US will continue to be pretty good. As we mentioned, Western Europe, Europe broadly defined, well, we think of EMEA, maybe a little weakening. So parts of western Europe, but also Russia and the Middle East, Russia and the Middle East have been weaker and we would see that continuing and continue to see China and Asia be pretty good. So, I think that's kind of how we think about it regionally and maybe give you a -- but we think the big businesses for the most part, Fluke hanging in there, Midco hanging, Gilbarco and Tek probably being a little bit better.
Jim Lico: Yeah, essentially yeah, that’s the easiest way to think about it. I think as we think about all the regulatory hurdles we mentioned in the prepared remarks, that we got through the European Works Council, consultations, which was a good step and we don't really see any issues with China, principally because it's not -- there's really no anti-trust work at all. So, it's really focused on setting up subsidiaries and things like that, which are much simpler -- much hard to do, but much simpler than things like -- waiting for anti-trust approval.
Jim Lico: Yeah. John, there is two things. One is evenly split between the production and volume we would have got flowing through it, greater than 50% margin and the other, as we mentioned, we are accelerating into our Gilbarco business and we saw some maybe growing pains and increase in the volume there, and we will -- we expect to do better coming in to Q4, but those are the two things that really drive us down from where we thought we would be on our core OMX in Q3.
Jim Lico: Well, I think there were two things. There's the EMB wave that came in that was maybe towards the end, but there's other things that happened during the quarter that got pushed down, that really are unrelated to that. And some one time customer pushouts that just moved things into October.
Jim Lico: I think Fluke was a little softer, maybe 100 bps or something like that, but it's the big delta there is Qualitrol. We have been working with the business, try to work in a tough market and they just had a tougher quarter than -- really around the world as we mentioned in the prepared remarks. So, ISC did great, Fluke did great, so it's really and we think that will continue and we're continuing to work on countermeasures at Qualitrol. But as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we think that's going to – luckily, that's one of our smaller businesses, but it is going to probably continue into 2019 year is what we can tell at this point.
Jim Lico: Yeah. Well, unfortunately, I have been through this kind of thing too many times, but I think at the end of the day, what Chuck and I really have done is we will go through the budget cycle with the businesses here in the coming weeks here and we'll really sit down on an individual by individual basis to understand where they think their revenue is going to be and it is really going to be -- certain businesses are going to probably have opportunities. I think right now, it's still a little early. We're trying to manage, trying to understand the headlines versus the reality, as I mentioned in China, I think there's -- we have seen, as I mentioned, some places where demand has moved, but in other places, we haven't really seen anything any change and so we're going to maintain a realistic view while we continue to see how things go and I think this idea that globally I mean I think we're already having listened to a lot of peers talk about this already and certainly others and having talked with several CEOs as well, I think we definitely know that this globally tuned growth is probably not happening now and so it's going to be more important to make our bets correctly and we know how to do that. And while at the same time, making sure we take advantage of opportunities like we mentioned, North America EMV. We think is going to be a tailwind for us next year and so we want to make sure we take advantage of those opportunities.
Jim Lico: Andy, we do spend a lot of time with our teams on street price within each country. So where we've seen currency movement, we want to make sure that our street prices are impacted, we're taking prices up or dealing with that. So that's a pretty common piece of work that our operating company leaders do on a regular basis.
Jim Lico: Yeah. A few months ago, we said that we thought that, GBR would probably be mid-single digit in the second half and we still view that. It's just going to be probably a little -- slightly higher mid-single digits in the fourth quarter and obviously low single digits in the third. So, the cadence of it changes a little bit, because of the movement of shipments, but I think our view of the world and the business is pretty close to the same. We would like to see the, I think, we'll start to see some of the larger customers come into the order book here in the fourth quarter and we're obviously looking for that, but we feel good about what they've got for a forecast at this point given the order book.
Jim Lico: Yeah. Well, I think, for sure, we don't have a huge business in Russia. So, it doesn't necessarily move the needle for us, but a lot of folks talk about EMEA and they're talking about this kind of the way they run the business, right, which is a leader usually runs all those places and really we think about Western Europe. Fluke point of sale is an example and Western Europe was actually pretty good. So that gives us some sense of optimism that some things are there, but then we've got a pretty decent sized business in Italy, as an example of GVR. That was obviously -- that was hindered. We mentioned the Qualitrol situation as well. I think at this point, it's hard -- it's too early to tell what Europe might look like for ’19, but I think as we think about Western Europe, we've had really three really strong years in Western Europe and I think that the mid-single digit growth that we saw in the last several years is definitely moving to low single digit and we certainly heard the decline in this quarter, so I'm not sure I would call it a decline next year, but we're certainly seeing a slowing broadly defined.
Jim Lico: Yeah. They were mid-single digit in the quarter. Fluke Health had a very good quarter. In fact, we were with the team yesterday for their strategic plan, really excited about how they're bringing the integration together, how they're really thinking more broadly about a broader set of solutions now that they've got all these different customer set. So, they certainly outperformed in the quarter for sure, but we’re ahead of where we wanted to be with Landauer at this point and now the team is really working on some strategies to stay ahead and I think we're very excited about what that team is doing.
Jim Lico: I think, we think right now is probably looking, I mean, it's crystal ball would say probably mid-single digit for next year.
Jim Lico: No. I don't think so. I didn't think he’d picked that was well, we've got normal corporate cost in that as well.
Jim Lico: Yeah. We can follow that, but I think of the total amount there's some of it's in to the businesses, Gordian and Accruent did get in there. So you're missing about 18 million I think relative to the deal cost, social security, but we can follow up on that.
Jim Lico: So we'll tag team this one. I think the funnel looks good right now. I think as we've talked, over the last couple of years, we continue to see opportunities available to us. The Gordian and the Accruent deals bring new parts of the funnel. That's the nice thing about those acquisitions. They come with new market opportunities, new serve market opportunities in which we can look at and they -- because they were PE, they were pretty active on the M&A front, and so they come really with funnels already in hand. And so we've got some opportunities there. ASP does as well but obviously we will wait to close that deal. So I think first and foremost we like the funnel, we like the situation we’re in, we've been pretty busy over the last 90 days, that's for sure, but we don't necessarily slow the market work down, the cultivation work down and so the opportunities are still there. So, the current market situation is going on, so over the last couple weeks, obviously the consternation and that kind of thing probably shakes the trees on some other things but we haven't seen those yet.
Jim Lico: I think we try to give you early color even before our budget. So I think I’d stay away from any specific numbers at this point till we see how the quarter played out. See how we end, that has some influence in it is well, but we certainly think that that's in the range of options for sure. So I think -- we'll certainly as we get closer to it, provide some deeper level of insight as to that goes. What we tried to do with the 2019 early view is really just to try to give you a little bit of how we're thinking about this, given all the puts and takes that have occurred as you and Chuck were just talking about. We wanted to make sure, you at least had some view of how we're thinking about it and as we get more details, we'll obviously share them with you.
Jim Lico: Okay. Well, thanks everybody for the time this evening on the East Coast. We really appreciate all the time and energy you put into really help and really listen to our discussion. We're exceptionally excited, I think, the third quarter to use the word transformational would be an understatement with everything we were able to accomplish in the quarter. We're incredibly pleased with where we sit today and we're even more excited about what we can do with these businesses here in the coming months and in years. So thanks for your time, we'll look forward to seeing many of you in various places here throughout the fall, but thanks for your time and certainly Lisa and the IR team are available for questions and follow up. Thanks everybody. Have a great night.
Chuck McLaughlin: Hey Julian, this is Chuck. That's directly corrected, the one thing that obviously isn't closed is ASP but I think that’s consistent with what we've said before, so it depends a little bit on the timing of that, but everything else I agree with.
Chuck McLaughlin: Hey Scott, this is Chuck. So I think that we're ahead of price cost because the great work they our procurement team does and the pricing, but I think inherent in your question here is what we see is that we should accelerate from here.
Chuck McLaughlin: I think rather than 60 basis points, what I'm saying is, I'd expected to be greater than that going forward. As tariffs happened to not all but some of our countermeasures are supply chain in nature but some of them are priced, but they haven't even hit yet really. So that’s going to be tailwind. And we think we're in inflation -- we know we're an inflationary environment and we think that we expect to get more price than normal but then historic.
Chuck McLaughlin: Yeah. They're not really that big a cost, but you’re right, they’re in the IT segment and we'll get after them in the fourth quarter. We've got some opportunity here with some acquisitions to redeploy these people. So it's not necessarily needing that much restructuring dollars to get them out, though there could be some, but we'll get after that and it is in the IT section.
Chuck McLaughlin: Andy, it’s Chuck. We saw little FX movements and it costs us about probably a penny in the quarter, but we don't, if you're asking about hedging, we don't hedge for that. We just think that currencies move and we need to deal with those things and in general, if they move enough, then we have to adjust our cost structure, but we're not seeing huge dollars for us in our businesses right -- in the third quarter at all.
Chuck McLaughlin: Yes. That's in other because you don't really have ASP in one of those segments appropriately and ANS is not going to be there going forward.
Chuck McLaughlin: And then Scott to your other questions, I just simply say we have 2 billion, 2.5 billion of room that maintains investment grade in 2019 and then with our strong cash flow, as we said, we keep to de-lever, work to de-lever going forward. In terms of slide 9 I think if you're saying a push, if you mean a push from this year, I think you need to add in what's not in there is -- and we can work with the offline on this is the organic margin expansion or the ASP, you might, you’re probably missing that.
Chuck McLaughlin: No. It’s complicated and it’s easier to come pass line, but you're missing the retired shares that comes with the ultra-deal, which is understandable and how the mentor convert plays into that. So let's walk you through that, but I think that there is not an exact push track.
Scott Graham: Just I'm looking at the slide 9, the bridge, the initial thinking on 2019. And the closed acquisitions, when we throw ASP in there, we consider ANS, it looks kind of like largely a push, correct me if I'm wrong, and I'm sure when you transact in the amount that you have and still will with ASP that I guess that's kind of not what you're thinking that you would want sort of net accretion there. So how does the pipeline look right now and could you give us an idea of what your capacity is at this moment and do the acquisitions that have closed and with ASP coming, is that going to slow you down a bit
Scott Graham: Actually what I meant was on the acquisitions that looks like the closed acquisitions plus ASP minus ANS is roughly a push, is that a fair estimate.
Scott Graham: The other question is along this same page is, I didn't hear you talk about organic at all, but and I know that at the investor meeting, I think you were kind of being pushed to move up your long term target of GDP, GDP plus, but with things a little bit weaker in Europe and some concerns in China, but then you add in a little faster growth acquisitions, can we still stay at that GDP, GDP plus level for organic for next year.
