James Lico: Yes. Thanks, Scott. I think as you mentioned, our team has come together in the last 90 or 120 days, an experienced team. As you know and having spent 20 years in this game, you can never predict when a deal will happen. But we're very busy right now. The funnel is in very good shape. I think in terms of both the breadth and diversity of the funnel is what really excites Chuck and I. We have a good set of value deals that we think  -- but also some good deals on the growth side that might be slightly higher valuation, but would still give us a solid return over time. I think the most important thing is we'll continue to be disciplined. And we think the funnel is -- this environment is pretty good. The funnel is growing. And I would expect us to continue to build the funnel and transact something. You can never predict timing, but I think we're in a very good place right now. 
James Lico: I would say that when we look across -- I'm not sure there's any place we'd say we look worse. I think the North American market has been slightly more noisy. And so in that place, in the last maybe month or 2, we've seen that firm up a little bit. But it's still mixed depending on the vertical. Strength, I think we saw it. Certainly, Transportation Technologies continues to be in a strong position. We've seen some good improvement in Qualitrol, Matco, as we described in the prepared remarks. And then Kollmorgen having growth in the second quarter, I think, is a nice place to be. So I think on balance, that's what gives us confidence in the guide here to be low single-digit growth in the second half. And I think right now, if you look at high-growth markets, we'd say, other than Latin America, pretty good. So as you look across regions, you look across businesses, there's a number of places where we saw either firming up or an improvement. And I think we're in a -- we'll be in a good place for the second half here. 
James Lico: Well I think if I break EMV into 2 places, one, the indoor and the outdoor, we still are seeing growth on the indoor side, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks. So we think that will continue. As we've talked out there a little bit, industry experts would put that penetration in around 50 in the marketplace. I don't suspect we'll ever get to 100. On the outdoor side, we're very early stages. If I were to do a baseball analogy, I'd feel like we're in the first or second inning here. So not sure what that is on a percentage basis. We will see some acceleration though in the second half due to EMV, both on the indoor and a little bit on the outdoor side. So you'll see that. As we mentioned before, we still believe it's a $500 million incremental opportunity over the next several years. And we're still not calling the timeframe in that other than the next 2 to 3 years just given how early we are in the outdoor penetration cycle, Nigel. 
James Lico: Well I think when we look at -- we'll see some stabilization there in the second half as we -- some of that will be comp-related. But also, some of that is really some of the things they've been doing that will start to see some traction. I think when you look at the strength that they've had in China as well, what you'll really see is when there is a good macro trend, they're taking advantage of that. And double-digit growth in China, I think, is representative of their strength of their position in some places. We've certainly been investing there. In the second quarter, they have strong healthy gross margin expansion, but we took the opportunity to continue our technology investments. I think that's the beauty of the strength of our portfolio, is the opportunity to do that. And we'll see some of that in the part of 2017, in the second half of 2017. So I think you'll see continued stabilization through this year. And we think that while the macro trends there are a little tough right now on a global basis, particularly in the U.S. and in Western Europe, we think we're in a slightly -- we're in a better position, if you will, starting in '17. 
James Lico: I think what we're seeing is some slowness in the U.S. Fluke is probably the one place where we get a little bit of second derivative situation relative to oil and gas. Where we don't have a lot of direct oil and gas exposure, we do have some second derivative. And we see that geographically in the U.S. where we're growing pretty well with distributor sales out on the coast, but in the middle of the U.S., we're slightly slower. So that'll continue for a little bit. We were happy with a high-growth market growth there, particularly in India and China. So I think -- and also, continuing to get margin expansion in the second quarter despite the decline of Fluke, I think, really means we're continuing to get good price, it really shows the strength of the business. With the Fluke Connect condition monitoring launch and a number of other innovations in the second half, I think we'll start to see some acceleration. Beyond the comps in the fourth quarter, we'll start to see some acceleration as we get into 2017. 
James Lico: I don't think it does anything more. I think what we saw is we're sort of sunsetting a lot of that. And we're seeing -- you see that -- some of that in some of the publicly-traded distributor customers that we have, is that we'll start to see that as we get through the end of the year. As I said, we don't have a lot of oil and gas exposure in the portfolio. Fluke North America might be a little bit, but most of it's really more second derivative, as I mentioned, a little bit in the sensors process. But we don't think where oil is at today means any precipitous drop even where we're at right now is really -- is much more of an impact at this point. 
James Lico: Well, it's interesting. It isn't necessary -- we've obviously known Fleetmatics in particular because we've competed against them. We don't think that necessarily changes the competitive dynamics. Telogis and Fleetmatics  are slightly different properties. So we think we're are in a good position. I think what it does is it establishes the strength of the market, both long-term growth and if you have a high -- if you're a large subscriber account like we are, it just shows the value of those kinds of properties. So I think, really, what you've seen with those acquisitions is really established the strength of our portfolio. We had a very good quarter relative to not only revenue growth, but also subscriber growth, and that's really ultimately in a fast business like that. That's what it's all about. We think we're in a good place. Obviously, I won't -- never comment on what happens until acquisitions from competitors is finalized. But we think we're in a good position, and I think the second quarter just amplified that position. 
James Lico: Well, I'd say, when you -- the condition monitoring offering that we're launching here right now is a very exciting offering. It's a combination of just -- not just software and some of the things that we've demonstrated, but it's also a set of sensors, a network gateway that really gives you ease of installation. This is really our real breakthrough in Fluke Connect is really with the condition monitoring launch that we'll have going -- coming out right now in the third quarter. It will still be a small impact in the second -- or the second half of this year. Part of it is the SaaS offering around the analytics offering. So I think we'll start to see, obviously, good additions to the portfolio. There are some hardware sales as well. So we think that'll start to accelerate into the fourth. But it's really a 2017 and 2018 story when it starts to have meaningful impact in the business. 
James Lico: Well they had good high-growth market performance. That was certainly part of it. I think that really shows to the technology offerings. Some of the work they've been trying to take the business into nontraditional applications like robotics has really been a big helper in some of the robotic initiatives they got in the China market. But across high-growth markets and even in Western Europe, they had good performance. So I think it really speaks to the power of FBS, the strategy that we've had to take us into different markets, and you're starting to see some benefit there. Obviously, they do have some tougher markets as well. We've seen that in some other players in the industry. But I think it's really been the work that we've done to try to make that business less cyclical.  And really, a little growth here by some other segments is really starting to pay off a little bit. 
James Lico: I think we were -- I think as we look forward, we'll see some good end market exposure. Our Anderson business is an example. Has good exposure into the sanitary market in the food and beverage industry. So they have some good macro trends that will deliver growth in the second half and into 2017. I do think it's going to take, for the remainder of the business, some time for us to continue to build on some of the good work that's already been done. M&A activity would certainly help accelerate in some key strategic areas. As we mentioned, I think when we were out over the spring, that this is a place where Chuck and I, as we go through our strategic plan efforts here in the late summer, early fall, we'll certainly get a better sense of some of the needs that the business will have given the different framework. But these are good businesses. As we mentioned, they did an outstanding job in the second quarter of protecting margins. They're steeped in DBS -- in FBS. And we'll have -- I think we'll have some good opportunities as we get into '17 and '18 as we build on their strategic plan this year. And Julian, you get $5 for getting -- drawing out DBS out of me for the first time on the call. So remind me next time I see you. 
James Lico: Well I think on the scale question, for sure, they'll have a larger business. But this will still put up as one of the larger subscriber account Telematics businesses in the world. So we still think we have scale in this business. And certainly, from our perspective, we think we're in a good position. So I think we -- Fleetmatics has been a good competitor. I don't suspect that in the next 12 to 24 months, that'll change. I think they'll continue to be a good competitor, and we'll have to continue to run the play that's been successful for us around driving subscriber growth. I think as we think about monetizing it, we like this part of the portfolio. I think the prices that are being paid in the industry have -- are very representative of certain companies and the needs for them to do things. But we've looked at M&A activity in that space as well, and I think there's a mix of deals out there. So we think we can continue to build our own strategy here and we'll run our own play. We like the business as part of the portfolio we have today. 
James Lico: I think on the first one, I would -- the timing of deals is always hard to do. Having done this for a while, it's always hard to predict. But I would think, as busy we are, we would hope to get something done before the end of the year. Returns are really more important than any one individual area. So I think while we -- when we look at our funnel, it's certainly global. It has representative opportunities throughout all geographies. Certainly, Europe is very representative of our funnel, and you never know where things will happen. But we're focused on a disciplined approach to returns. And any onetime currency situation or whatever is not necessarily going to be something that would drive us to do one thing over another over the long term. We have said that deals would probably bring our tax rate down over time, but again, that's another example of we wouldn't do anything necessarily for the tax rate, we would do it because it accelerates our business strategically. And ultimately, that also gives us a financial return, part of which might be lowering the tax rate. But we're always strategy first, return first, and that really -- that's why we're excited about the funnel being strong. 
James Lico: I'll take the PI thing, and then Chuck can comment on the go forward. I think when you look in the quarter, we definitely have -- took the opportunity to take some investments. I think what we like about PI is the fact that we were up 50 basis points in gross margin improvement. I think that really speaks to the power of FBS. You saw that at Fluke. You saw that at -- you saw good improvement at Qualitrol. We had good improvement at sensors, where we offset their volume decline. We did have some challenges in Product Realization. As we mentioned, the volume decline in tech hurt as a little bit, and some high contribution margin opportunities at the Pacific Scientific EMC which moved out into the second half. So those, I think, on balance, when you look across the portfolio, the fact that 5 of our 6 platforms had gross margin flat to up, really speaks to the power of FBS. And I think that really speaks to what we'll do -- what we can do here. So while Professional Instrumentation was down a little bit, when you peak below the numbers, we had some good performance in several platforms. 
James Lico: Yes. Well I think as we said, this is probably a place where the breadth of our portfolio helps us pretty well, because we don't have exposure to any one vertical in China. You're seeing semiconductor expansion and electronics expansion that's occurring in China benefits Tektronix, and to some extent, Fluke. Gilbarco's had some good additions in the China market as well. So a number -- we mentioned Kollmorgen as well doing well in China as well. So I think some of our businesses are off a lower base, and so the power of what they've done from an innovation perspective and from an FBS perspective is helping them. And that, really, when you add that all up broadly, means that we've been mid- to high single digits here in China over several quarters, and think that can at least continue into what's in the guide. 
James Lico: Yes, I think we'll run against a slightly tougher comp at Gilbarco, I believe, in the fourth quarter. So little bit tougher comp there. But we think we can continue to sustain what we've got with a good, active funnel and a number of things that we've got going. The FlexPay launch that we talked about in the prepared remarks is just a good example of bringing more innovation in helping us take share in the market. Relative to our assumptions, we don't think we'll ever get to 100% penetration in 2 to 3 years, so we sort of assume that kind of an 80% penetration might be achievable in the next 3 to 4 years. But to be honest with you, when you look at the outdoor penetration  we just started, we revise those models every month based on what we've seen both in terms of actual sales and orders, but also on what we're hearing from customers. And I think those models will really get more refined as we turn the table on '16 and into '17 as we see a more active customer base. And so while we could make some predictions around what that looks like, I think we're really -- were probably 5 to 6 months away from really knowing what that might look like to hard code that into whether that's 2 or 3 years or 3 to 4 years at this point. 
James Lico: Well, we appreciate all the time that everybody had for us today. Obviously, we're unbelievably excited about the future at Fortive. We're looking forward to continued conversations with everybody around all the good things that are going on and, really, what the opportunity is for us. Lisa and Josh are available for calls today and tomorrow. So we look forward to talking to you and we'll see you real soon. Thanks, everybody. 
Charles McLaughlin: So, yes. Steve, this is Chuck. I'll take those in reverse order. The M&A that we think that we can -- the capital we can deploy is representing $3 billion over the next 2 to 3 years. So I think you've got that exactly right. The hurdles, I think going back to what Danaher's traditionally -- both Jim and I come from strong Danaher roots. Discipline means, for us, 10% in 3 years,  5 years for more of a platform-type deal. There's going to be certain situations where we'll stretch beyond that, and there'll be either small deals that maybe we see a great opportunity for value creation down the line. But most of the time, that is really going to be around those 3- and 5-year metrics. 
Charles McLaughlin: So we're coming from a flattish in Q2, and -- it will be low single digits but probably accelerating. We run into an easier compare when we get to the fourth quarter, but not in the third quarter. But we're still moving into low single-digit core growth in Q3. 
Charles McLaughlin: Julian, it's Chuck. I think that it's really similar. What we're seeing is we've got some of our good growth drivers in Industrial Technologies. That business is a little bit ahead in the recovery and the growth. But it's really about the acceleration  of references running into an easier compare in Q4. But I don't see it differentiated. They're both improving going forward sequentially. 
Charles McLaughlin: And then, Andrew, on the go forward, looking at operating margin expansion, in the second half, we -- as we've been talking about low single-digit core growth. But we have around 50 basis points to expect in the second half of OMX. [ph] A little bit more in Q4 than in Q1, because I think we're accelerating through those things. But I think a little -- I thought I heard you say 9 in Q3. I'd expect a little bit more than that. 
Charles McLaughlin: Definitely, 9 -- so I understand, 9 in Q2. That's just a function of being flat. It's just little under flat, but a good acceleration from Q1. 
Charles McLaughlin: We're in -- we have good -- very good visibility to inventories, on a global basis, throughout Fluke. And we're in a very good inventory position. We don't see any issues there. There's always maybe 1 or 2 people that might be a little higher. But on balance, we've got very good visibility. We had great relationships with our top 20 channel partners around the world, and we feel we're in a good position here. 
Charles McLaughlin: Q2 was the 60 -- let's see, the -- because we had a good guide. I think it's around 60. Doing the math in my head. 32%. 
Charles McLaughlin: And going forward, I  think 30% is a good number for the second half of the year. We'd like -- we think we have a chance -- we expect to get down in 2017 into the 20s. And we've got a few things to put in place. We might even get there yet this second half. But I think 30% for the second half is a good number. 
