Brian Krzanich: Thanks Mark. We executed well against our strategy in the third quarter, and delivered revenue just above the midpoint of our expectations; as a result of a richer client mix, driven largely by our new 6th Gen core products. Despite ongoing macroeconomic headwinds, there are signs that the PC market is beginning to stabilize and we continue to benefit from a strategy designed to capitalize on the growing need for the infrastructure that powers the smart and connected world. I'd like to take a moment to touch on a few highlights; the client confidence [ph] on these products and good, better, best segmentation strategy to record core mix. The third quarter saw the release of both Windows 10 and our 6th Generation core microprocessors, formerly known as Skylake. Our partners in the industry are using this combination to drive an unprecedented innovation, creating new generation of high performance enthusiast desktops and thinner, lighter and more versatile two-in-ones. There are more than 50 sixth generation core systems in the market, available and shipping now, and we expect to more than triple that number by the end of 2015. We remain solidly on track to our previously committed goal to improve mobile profitability by $800 million. Over 75% of that goal has already been realized to-date. At the same time, our strategy to be a foundational supplier of internet infrastructure is delivering growth. Our Data Center, non-volatile memory and IOT groups all posted double digit growth year-over-year. BCG grew 12% on strong cloud and networking volume. At the same time, the Internet of Things grew 10% year-over-year, driven by the video, manufacturing and retail segments. The Altera transaction remains on-track to our original six to nine month closing schedule. During the quarter, both U.S. regulators and Altera stockholders approved the transaction. We are excited about the new opportunities and innovations that integrated FPGAs will make possible, in both the Data Center and the Internet of Things. In the third quarter, the strength in our memory business continued, growing 20% year-over-year. We are excited about our 3D XPoint technology, the industry's first new memory category in more than two decades. This breakthrough technology is up to 1,000 times faster than NAND and up to 10 times denser than conventional memories, like DRAMs. This enables memory intensive applications to be performed at much faster rates and much lower costs, opening up entirely new opportunities. 3D XPoint is evidence of our commitment to innovation, and it’s a direct result of our 10 plus year research and development pipeline. While we have more work to do, together, these results reinforce my confidence in our strategy, to create shareholder value. I look forward to talking with you more about our opportunities and our plans during our November investor meeting. And with that, let me turn the call over to Stacy.
Brian Krzanich: Sure. This is Brian. I think if you take a look at -- there has been a trend this entire year, where the mature markets have tended to do -- be the strongest for us, so U.S., western Europe. And Asia, PRC, parts of Eastern Europe, developing countries not being as strong, they are having some softness that carried into the third quarter as well. And so, if you just take a look at China in general, it kind of mimics that and -- if you look at it, sales are down slightly, they are softer, and its more of the consumer than the enterprise in that space, and across all the different segments. We saw it across the board.
Brian Krzanich: Yeah. So I think, let me start with the first part of your question, which is how is the progress going inside. So we have our 7260 modem that's been shipping throughout this year. There are products throughout the world that are using that modem, including in the U.S. The 7360, which is our next generation modem, is -- we will be shipping by the end of this year, with products to be announced by our customers, next year. So the LTE modem ramp, basically you need to be on a -- yearly cadence with these modems is going well. SoFIA 3G and the 3G-R, which is the Rockchip version of the SoFIA is in market today, that you can see tablets and phones with those today. You will see the first of the SoFIA LTEs next year, first half of next year, and SoFIA with Intel 14-nanometer in the back half of next year, and so those continue on schedule as well. And market dynamics, I guess the way I look at the modem business is, its not really dependent -- it’s a competitive market, and its not as much about how many players are in it. There is actually I think more than two. But its really about keeping that yearly cadence and having the right technologies in place and being competitive, and it doesn't really matter almost how many there are, there will be somebody there trying to compete with you at that leading edge. That's where the modem is really driven at that leading edge.
Brian Krzanich: So let me start with this, and then I am sure, Stacy is going to have something to add. I think first, in our comment that we are not -- given the CapEx shift, we are not thinking about units growing. Anything we spend in CapEx today is really about capacity, probably more towards the end of next year, maybe even into 2017. So you have to remember, there is this lag, and that's why, as we looked at the tool, actually, we are making an adjustment on the efficiency of that tool, basically the number of units per tool out. In order to get more capacity, when that tool is really required. So I want to just separate that, so people don't get the wrong message about the CapEx and what we will do in the future. If you take a look at Q4, we said whilst it's absolutely relatively a seasonal, when you just take a look at the unit level standpoint. So there is a natural decline in the total number of units, as you go from Q3 into Q4, based on just holiday shift. Now we are going to move -- if you take a look at Q4 versus Q3, there is a higher percentage of Skylake, which is our 6th Generation core as we talked about, and we think there will be a richer mix, as you move into there. So that's kind of how Q4 was laid out, and then as we said, we are not really talking about 2016 yet until the investor meeting. But I think we should separate out the CapEx, we have predicted -- the key -- seasonal Q4, but with a mix that is remaining rich, but that richness is based on both the great products that we have been producing, but also a richer percentage of Skylake/Intel 6th Gen Core.
Brian Krzanich: Maybe you and Stacy should go arm wrestle, and between the two of you, you can figure out whether you are too high or too low. So yeah, I mean, there could be headwinds and tailwinds, as we go into the quarter as always. But we are kind of looking at it, saying, we have got healthy inventory levels and we are going into the seasonally stronger selling season. It feels like we are kind of balanced in terms of the risks and opportunities.
Brian Krzanich: Sure Jim. So let's start at kind of the macro level and then work our way down. As you said, the non-volatile business has been very good to us, and it has grown at a better rate than we even anticipate, as we entered the year. We need to remember that, more than 80% of what we sell are enterprise SSDs that are going into those Data Centers. So we made a very tight connection. When we think of our NAND business, we think of it tied very closely to our Data Center business, and in fact, we trend a lot of synergy on the products, the efficiencies, the performance of these products, as we go to market and then, how we go talk to our customers. If we take a look at next year, its really the ramp of our 3D NAND process, and that we believe gives us a performance and cost advantage over the competition. We are very comfortable with where we are positioned for next year, from that perspective. In addition, we talked about our 3D XPoint, which is really a transformational product for the memory market. What we said was, we start shipping limited engineering samples end of this year. You have seen on-stage, we showed at IDF and a couple of other places now, working products with benchmarks, we will continue to show more and more of those as we go through this year, and we will start shipping product for that next year. As I look out in next year and beyond, it really becomes the 3D NAND driving the real high volume, better cost and performance enterprise SSDs and in 3D XPoint, really transforming how memory and storage work together and again, we will target the Data Center and have that very close crosslink between these. But I think 3D XPoint, you will actually see in many-many other products, as the value of both memory, storage, and performance start to play out in a variety of applications, IOT, mobile, all over the place.
Brian Krzanich: Yeah. We do see incremental growth and as you said, there are deals and have [ph] that we cannot talk about publicly. But I do see it still as a growth business. Its not going to be one of those ones that's going to largely move the needle in the next couple of years, but we do see continued growth and continued acquisition of customers in that space.
Brian Krzanich: So let me start a bit about the strategy, and we can then lay out. I think Stacy gave you some indication that we are well on our way, and in fact, if you take a look at it, its non-linear. So we should be handling $800 million and probably slightly above that number. How much, we are not going to forecast that right now. Our strategy really when you -- and as we get into the investor meeting, we will talk about it next year. But you can assume, we will have another goal next year, where we do another reduction and improve the P&L. That's fundamental, as we said, we are going to go into this business to make money and we have to get there. That is absolutely the fundamental strategy. That said, what we said around mobility is that, on tablets, we pretty much keep our share and our position in the market relatively equal to where it was, and everybody sees tablets have shrunk this year as a category. And so we have been careful about not chasing the bottom as prices drop, figuring out where the value is, where we can go in and make a little bit of money, and actually add some innovation. So you're going to see some tablets as we go towards the holidays, with things like RealSense and that allow people new usages and new applications. And as we go into 2016, you will see more of that. On phones, it’s the same thing. We will be even more careful there, doing partnerships with people, where we can go in, we can provide innovation and the right cost model, make some money for both us and our partners, and we have been very-very careful. And that's why, we have actually said our bigger, longer term strategy there is modems, to the general phone market, and then partnerships for specific products; and that's the Spectrum and Rockchip partnerships that we have right now.
Brian Krzanich: Absolutely. All these markets, there has always been a competitor. Whether you look in the PC market, or whether you look the Data Center market, or any of these, there has been competitors. We have worked our way up in this position. And our goal is always, to continuously push the product performance and the way we think about it is, is really, what does it take to replace ourselves even, in this market, especially the Data Center. How do we do a total cost of ownership, such that, it pays to go to our next generation, in both footprint, cost of operation and performance. All of those things are what we drive; that and system integration right, the whole [indiscernible] scale architecture and doing system integration, such that it's simpler, quicker and cheaper for people to install a cloud based system. We really focused on those and just really trying to have the best performance we can in that space. And there will always be competitors and our goal is to just consistently outperform, and there will be new entrants and old entrants all along, trying to win share away from us. That's going to be a norm.
Brian Krzanich: I guess my answer to that would be, I do believe that we are in a unique situation, where we have, as you said, new operating system with Windows 10. We have our sixth generation core Skylake in place. We have a lot of innovation from OEMs. We have some additional product like -- our innovation like RealSense. You will see some unique memory architectures next year, even 3D XPoint gets into this space. I do think that, there is a good point for optimism. That said, some of these transitions are going to take some time, and so I am very cautious of people to say how fast and when. So if you take a look at it, there is the ability to do Windows 10 upgrades today, but actually on-shelf, new systems is until later this month. So it’s not until later this month, that actually -- you can walk into the store and get an on-shelf system with Win 10. Enterprises will go, I think quicker than Win 10 than some of the prior generations of Windows. But still enterprise takes a while to do these kinds of conversions, so it will be into next year, those conversions. So I do see that this is a great opportunity, and that we should see some tailwinds pushing us into the PC market. But it’s going to be over time. It’s not going to be, boy next quarter it jumps. So I kind of want to lay out that its going to be over next year or so that it takes to get this transition through.
Brian Krzanich: Yes. I think we said in Q2 that it was more pronounced in China, but it was general across the enterprise, and that is consistent with what we see now. I just want to come back to what Brian said earlier, the overall enterprise segment is weak, and when you look at it, that correlates very closely for us over time with GDP growth rates, and the GDP growth rates are quite a bit less than we thought, when we started the year. We are offsetting much of that -- in fact, we are offsetting most of that, by a cloud growth rate that's significantly more than we thought when we started the year. So general macroeconomic weakness, it’s pronounced in China, but we see it elsewhere in the enterprise segment, being offset by, I'd say torrid growth rates and cloud computing, and we will share more of that when we get to November.
Stacy Smith: Thanks Brian. Revenue for the third quarter was $14.5 billion, 10% growth quarter-on-quarter and above the midpoint of our outlook. The higher than expected revenue, was driven by higher notebook and desktop platform average selling prices, as we shipped a record core mix. Year-on-year revenue was flat. Third quarter gross margin of 63% was in line with the outlook. Operating income of $4.2 billion was down 8% year-over-year and up 45% quarter-over-quarter. Net income was $3.1 billion, down 6% year-over-year and up 15% quarter-over-quarter, and earnings per share of $0.64 was down 3% year-over-year and up 16% quarter-over-quarter. The Client Computing Group had revenue of $8.5 billion, a 7% decrease year-over-year. From a PC market perspective, we continue to see weakness in nine consumer segments in emerging markets. The worldwide PC supply chain is healthy, as we ramp our sixth generation core microprocessors, formerly known as Skylake. Operating profit for the overall Client Computing Group was $2.4 billion, down 20% year-over-year. The Data Center, Internet of Things and Memory businesses continue to account for almost 40% of our revenue in the third quarter. The Data Center Group had record revenue of $4.1 billion. The 12% growth year-over-year is driven by strength in the cloud and improvement in our enterprise business. The Data Center Group had operating profit of $2.1 billion, up 9% year-over-year. The Internet of Things segment also achieved 10% year-over-year revenue growth of $581 million. Additionally, the memory business grew at 20%. The business continued to generate significant cash, with $5.7 billion of cash from operations in the third quarter. We purchased $1.2 billion in capital assets, paid $1.1 billion in dividends and repurchased $1 billion of stock in the third quarter. Total cash balance at the end of the quarter was $20.8 billion, up $7 billion quarter-over-quarter. Our net cash balance, total cash less debt, and inclusive of our other longer term investments, is approximately $5.1 billion. Over the next two quarters, we expect to complete the acquisition of Altera. During the third quarter, we issued $8 billion of new long term debt, consistent with financing plan I outlined on the last earnings call. As we look forward to the fourth quarter of 2015, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $14.8 billion, up 2% from the third quarter, and we are forecasting the midpoint of the gross margin range to be 62%, a one point decrease from the third quarter. This revenue forecast, aligns with our prior full year 2015 revenue guidance of down approximately 1% when compared to 2014. Overall, we are seeing a weak PC client business being offset by strong growth in the Data Center, memory and Internet of Things businesses. For the full year 2015, we expect the memory business to grow at a fast pace. Both the Data Center and Internet of Things businesses will also exhibit strong growth. But the annual growth rate for these businesses will be lower than expectations at the beginning of the year, as a result of weaker than expected macroeconomic growth. We now expect the Data Center business to grow in the low double digits versus the prior forecast of approximately 15%. Relative to our forecast at the beginning of the year, we are seeing a weaker enterprise segment being partially offset by a stronger than expected cloud segment. The third quarter results and the fourth quarter forecast reinforce our strategy. Despite weakness in the macroeconomic environment and the overall PC market, we are achieving solid financial results as we benefit from the growth in Data Center, memory, and Internet of Things businesses. More importantly, we are building the foundation for future growth. The combination of the 6th Generation core microprocessor and Windows 10 creates exciting devices for the PC segment. Our investments and leadership in the Data Center are resulting in strong growth. We have a strong and growing memory business, which is well positioned to disrupt the industry with a launch of 3D XPoint technology, and lastly, we are well positioned to benefit in the Internet of Things market. Our process technology leadership and a broad range of leadership IP creates a competitive advantage that we believe will result in increased shareholder value, and as we complete the Altera acquisition, we expect to broaden our product portfolio and enable even more innovation. With that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Stacy Smith: Yes. The first approximation, the revenue higher than expectations was a result of a richer mix inside of the client group. You can see that the unit and ASP trends in the supplemental materials that I put out. But pretty much to our expectations, it was all due to just a richer mix. We saw strength at the core i7 level literally across the core product line, as we launched Skylake. The gross margin question, if you look at the margin recon, what we saw is we saw some good news associated with the richer mix. It was offset by higher 14-nanometer costs than we were anticipating. We are expecting some bad news. We had a little bit more bad news than we anticipated, and that comes down till we actually ramped the Ireland factory a little bit earlier and the first wafers out of that factory were pretty expensive, and so we saw a mixing up of costs in Q3 a little bit more than we thought.
Stacy Smith: Yeah. We are shipping a rich mix, that has been true across 2015, if you just see -- against the backdrop of a relatively weak PC market. We have seen pockets of strength and a lot of that has been at the high end. And I think its coming down -- we have got some great technology there, we are doing a reasonably good job of segmenting the product lines, so its not one size fits all anymore, you have all in ones and gaming PCs. We have launched a specific line now for gamers, those kinds of things. I think its likely to stay a fairly rich mix. So that's not -- gross margin, we kind of -- this means we are expecting it to maintain, not necessarily grow from here, but also, not necessarily come down.
Stacy Smith: Sure. Actually, it’s a pretty specific issue this quarter. We upgraded the configuration of a specific piece of equipment that we were going to buy [indiscernible] some delivery slots that were towards the end of this year. As we upgraded to a richer configuration, it swapped out to delivery slots from the end of this year, to Q1 of next year. So just shifted a few hundred million dollars worth of CapEx from 2015 to 2016. In terms of outlook for next year, we are not providing that forecast now. We will talk obviously a lot more about that in November. You do have to keep in mind, this was an unusually low year, so I'd expect directionally, CapEx will be up some next year, but we will talk much more about that in November.
Stacy Smith: I guess, I'd just add. I would just zoom out a little bit on the math. We exited Q3 with healthy worldwide supply chain inventories. We actually think we probably undershipped the market a little bit in Q3, and we are forecasting seasonal Q4, and there was a little bit of movement into the businesses, but nothing that really moves the numbers. So to us, it feels like a pretty natural forecast in support of all the data we have seen.
Stacy Smith: Yeah I think -- we saw units up some in Q3. But I think the year-over-year compare probably tells the tale a little bit better. We were down 14%-15% between notebooks and desktops when you compare that against what the third parties would say happen with the TAM, they are kind of down in the more high single digits. So I think we undershipped a bit, relative to the overall TAM. And when we go do our test of inventory, we come back with healthy inventory levels, if that's what you're getting at.
Stacy Smith: Sure. So I don't want to -- I am not going to go rethink the long term growth. We are still very confident that we can keep this over the long term, growing at mid-teens level. You really have to take a look at this John, over a longer period of time. you can't live in this industry by a quarter. For example, we have talked about -- enterprise is a bit weak right now and the cloud has been basically helping us in growing at a rate faster than we'd even projected as we entered this year. But what typically happens in the fourth quarter, the cloud enterprises, and not to do large purchases in the fourth quarter. Well they have in the past at times, but in general, don't, because really fourth quarter is their selling season, and so they don't want to disrupt their systems during that quarter, and then it comes back in the first half of the follow-on year. So there is always this lumpiness to this quarter-by-quarter and you have to look over a much longer period of time. Your second kind of question built into that, when does cloud and networking and the rest of the infrastructure work. I really want to remind people that, what we are doing in the Data Center is not only just growing cloud versus enterprise, but we are driving hard into networking, we are driving -- next year you will see our Silicon Photonics, you will see FPGAs with Altera, so it’s a broad spectrum of products that should increase our footprint in the Data Center. We haven't set a date for when those are big enough, that they offset enterprise. But its not long, its in the near future that we can offset enterprise weakness.
Stacy Smith: I just want to be clear, we have completely reorganized. We no longer have the MCG segment. So when we talk about this, we are not talking about it in the context of the commitments we have made to improve the overall profitability of our mobile business broadly. We are well on track to the commitment that we made at the beginning of the year. As Brian said, we have kind of loomed up to having achieved 75% of the overall target. I did say it was a little bit back end loaded, so if you are doing your quarterly math, you'd probably get to a little bit -- you wouldn't be linear, you get to a little bit of a bigger reduction as we move into the back half relative to the first half, because the counter revenue dollars really ramped up for us, as we bought SoFIA into the marketplace and that was more of a back half phenomenon for us.
Stacy Smith: So we will go through some of the mix stuff in the investor meeting in November. The heart of your question, what's driving the upside; I really a lot of it is segmentation. And its interesting, if you use our desktop business as a proxy, we have been in a low unit growth environment for a while, that's kind of slightly down, slightly up kind of thing. This year down a bit more. But we have managed to maintain the profitability of that business, because we are seeing a lot more segmentation of the business. You still have the first time buyer PCs that happen in emerging markets, but increasingly, there is relatively expensive PCs that provide a lot of value to the consumer, in all-in-ones, and we now see dedicated gaming PCs that are doing quite well, and those kinds of things. I think the future for us is, more segmentation of our product line. I think that helps us both from a standpoint of volume mix and should give us some opportunities in terms of price.
Stacy Smith: So we don't forecast at that level, David. On a long term view, we will -- as we always do, we will give you some thoughts in terms of what the long term growth potential and overall profitability goals are, when we get to November. In general, what you are seeing there when you look at it sequentially is, you're seeing a quarter where volume was up some, and we had a nice rich mix as we launched Skylake. So that helped a lot from the same point of profitability, quarter-on-quarter. 
Stacy Smith: If I can just add, as Brian and I talk about the business and think about it. I think this quarter is a great illustration point of how we view it. In a time period, where PC units are down in high single digits at the TAM level. We still get enough growth from the Data Center and the Memory business and the Internet of Things to pretty much tread water in terms of revenue growth, right? And you can see it in our results in Q3, in fact you can see it in our results for the year. If PC units are down in the mid-single digits, we actually grow at a pretty fast pace, and if we get to where the PC units are flat, we are growing at a very fast pace. That's kind of fixing the growth rate for everything else, but it’s a good way to think about what our strategy is and how we are driving the business. So we don't really need unit growth to grow the company at a fast pace, because we are much less dependent on the PC segment than we have historically been and our growth really comes from -- the Data Center is a very large business and then we are investing in things like Memory and the Internet of Things business that will add some growth to that.
Stacy Smith: No. The biggest difference compared to -- if you looked back to Q3 of 2014, if memory serves, I think we were at 65%, we were 63% in Q3 of this year. And units were down some from last year, we talked about this as a weaker TAM. So that's one piece. But the bigger piece is, 14-nanometer costs. And you're right, we are coming down the costs pretty rapidly on 14-nanometer, but its becoming a richer and richer percentage of the overall shipment mix and 14-nanometer still is more than 22-nanometer. And so we have seen a little bit of a mix-up in terms of costs, as we have worked our way through 2015.
Stacy Smith: We are actually seeing a bit of an increase in startup costs starting in Q4. If you look at the Q4 margin reconciliation, you start to see that increasing startup costs.
Stacy Smith: Well, keep in mind, the elevation started since the last, way more than one quarter. I am just saying, you are seeing the front edge of the elevated 10-nanometer startup costs as kind of starting as we speak.
Stacy Smith: I would just say, everything that we knew as of one o'clock this afternoon is reflected in our forecast.
