Bob Swan: John, thanks, it's Bob. So really two things going on, one, the enterprise growth in DCG as Brian highlighted, it was up 11% in the fourth quarter. So extremely strong seasonal growth for enterprise, a little bit -- more than we expected frankly, that's number one. Number two, PSG 35% growth was helped by end of life sales during the course of the quarter. And if you adjust for maybe a more normalized enterprise growth and PSG growth, you get to more of a seasonal Q4, Q1 dynamic, so in line with seasonal if you make those two adjustments.
Bob Swan: I would just -- sorry, just follow on to Brian's comment. In the way we're looking at memory and we talked a bit about this on the last call is increased confidence in our customers and the technologies that we’re developing where those relationship, they will help fund the scaling of the capacity to grow the business and we're really trying to match net capital employee to be in conjunction with known customer demand. So what that means -- what that meant for 2017 as the net capital was roughly $1.5 billion. We held that relatively flat in 2018, so our growth capital is higher. We have more conviction in the customer base to fund $2 billion of the growth capital. So memory, we’re really trying to focus on customer adoption of our technology to effectively and efficiently scale the business. And then just the only other point that make logic and remember year ago in terms of our outlook for growth we're well ahead of our outlook for growth. We’re probably have the time, implied in our outlook was probably 62.2 billion kind of number in 2018. Obviously, with our guide now 65 billion were 2.5 billion higher and if that incremental growth that's placing similar demand for our logic, logic capacity both for 14, 10-nanometer and as we take forward about 7-nanometer.
Bob Swan: Joe, I'll just add some numbers to Brian's word. We’ve kind of come down from 36% to 35% to 34% to a second half of 2017 at roughly 31% of revenue. So we’ve been coming down as we’ve been doing two things. One, the investment that we’ve been making our paying off in terms of higher growth; and number two, we're making real trade-offs in where we’re investing our money. As we go into implied in our guidance as we go into ’18, we’re expecting our spending level to be roughly flat with an annualized 2017 spending level. So, we’re going to -- and underneath that, continuing to drive efficiencies and sales and marketing, as we become more of a B2B or data-centric company and getting real leverage on our G&A functions across the board. So, we’ve made real progress during the course for the last couple of years. Including the second half, we expect to make continued progress while making the critical investments and things like discrete graphic, autonomous driving, artificial intelligence and continuing to invest in Moore's Law.
Bob Swan: Yes, so we came into the year and we indicated that we expected margins for the full-year to be in the 40% to 45%, and obviously, we started out low but we said our expectations were that we grow throughout to the course of year. A couple of things in the fourth quarter, obviously, you know growth. So we'll build leverage on our existing investment was a big contributor. Secondly, ASPs were up 8% so of the 20% growth ASPs accounted for 8 point to that. And as Brian highlighted, whether its cloud comps or enterprise, customers in the quarter will really paying for performance and that performance for us was higher ASPs. Third, continued progress on unit costs. And then last you may remember last year's fourth quarter, we had some warrantee and IP-related charges in that data center business that I think cost was roughly 4 points year ago. So last year's, we're little deflated. But good volume leverage, strong ASPs as customers paid for performance and unit cost improving.
Bob Swan: Yes, I think I wouldn't get too far away from the 40 to 45 to be honest with you. I think as we go into 2018, we think good cloud momentum that’s been consistent performance over the course of the year or last couple of years. Comms, our performance we believe it was real strong in a somewhat sluggish market so real share gains. But the high kind of seasonal enterprise growth and strong ASPs in the quarter, we think are more seasonal in nature and we are not anticipating enterprise growth to stay at these levels as we go into '18.
Bob Swan: Yes, it's just -- I'd highlight three things that are driving the deterioration that I'd start first with -- we've always characterized our long-term gross margins to be in the 55% to 65% range, and for the last several years and including in our guidance this year will be at the upper end of that 60% to 65% range. But for the last couple of years that we've had maturity of 14-nanometer and that maturity both in terms of getting more and more performance and lower and lower unit costs, has been contributors to gross margin. As we go into '18, we see 14-nanometer modest contributions from profitability because we've matured on the cost curve, that's an increasingly competitive environment, and we don't anticipate dramatic ASP improvements over the entire company, some cases yes, but for the most part, no. So, we'll see some continued improvement in 14-nanometer products during the course of the year. Secondly we're really accelerating the growth of our adjacent businesses, the investments that we've been making in both the data-centric businesses and our growth in modem. Those are contributing to our year-on-year EPS growth; however, those both of those product lines of businesses have lower margin. So our success in modem and memory is having a mixed impact on our gross margins. The third area is we're going from 10-nanometer startup where costs are coming down to more the ramp to the 10-nanometer and that ramp is going to weigh on the margins, as we begin to develop production going into the second half of the year where we're way up the curve where our yields and costs are. So, those are kind of the three things as we see it. If I were to characterize roughly plus one, roughly minus two, roughly minus one, rounding those.
Bob Swan: Yes, first $13 billion free cash flow, up roughly 30% year-over-year, first higher cash earnings. Our guide has EPS of up roughly 14% in that guide there is depreciation has grown in '18 relative to 2017. So that has just higher cash earnings. Secondly, we do expect lower working capital as we go through 2018. And third, we have higher strategic customer supply agreement and those three things were all contributed positive. And then obviously, Stacy, the higher growth capital is a bit of an offset; so longer cash earning, better working capital, more strategic supply partially offset by higher CapEx.
Bob Swan: I think on your first question. In the 65 billion, we characterize it as roughly low single digit decline in our PC-centric businesses. So implied to that is, PC may be decline a little bit more and modem adjacency within the CCG segment partially offsetting that. In the overall guide, we said that the data-centric businesses would be growing in the mid teens, obviously that we believe that would be a strongest segment within the makeup of our data-centric business will be in memory. There would be the function of customer calls that Brian just highlighted, and we expect NSG growth to accelerate throughout the course of 2018. Those single digits decline on PC-centric and mid team growth on data-centric businesses.
Bob Swan: For the most part, the wins for NSG that will go through date center will be late in 2018 and won't really have an impact on the overall growth rate of that business. So it's primarily about growth of 3D NAND during the course of the year.
Bob Swan: First, on the CapEx, we indicated the gross capital in the year of 14 billion that we’ve got customer strategic supply agreements of roughly 2 billion. So our net capital is $12 billion in the year. Again, I’ve kind of break that into two pieces; memory, net capital employee no change and logic CapEx up roughly a $1 billion year-on-year. And as we mentioned earlier that $1 billion is a function of primary growth continuing to grow 14-nanometer. Second, scaling up 10-nanometer. And third, investing in next node 7-nanometer during the course of the year. So, those three things are really driving the $1 billion increase in CapEx for logic. The second part of your question -- so for 10-nanometer, as we bring that equipment online, we turn on. There is some equipment now that being depreciated, but as we bill bring online as we ramp in the second half of the year when we turn that equipment on is when we start depreciating. So we’d expect our depreciation bill in second half for the year to be growing. And that’s one of the contributors to -- really to come full circle. That’s one of the contributors to the gross margin deterioration during the course of the year, as we start to ramp 10-nanometer.
Brian Krzanich: So you know my prospective is, if you take a look at right memory kind of logic on our CapEx scaled with our increase in revenue and kind of our overall growth rate. So that’s felt in line. With memory, we're going to take a look at it, really on a year by year basis, and I would tell you that Bob's is really doing a good job of helping their business unit, look over the capital. And when we have demand enough and people are willing to pay upfront to that demand and reserve the capacity like we done this year, we’re going to go head and put that capacity in place plus what we think what Mark and we can do as distributing across overall market. And that’s really independent of that changing relationship with Micron, that’s really more about how we're doing development work in time, really that’s actually there are two generations away that been really effect 2018. This was really about what we saw for the overall main memory market plus the additional capital and capacity that people wanted to reserve through that process. We will look at that each year John and say, okay as we look out into '19 at the end of '18 will be that same analysis.
Brian Krzanich: Sure. I’ll start and I’ll let Bob to kind of give you there under the cover detail of dollars. But Joe, this really, we’ve already factor all of those things in so things like the discrete graphics is a ramping spend. The memory R&D spending out in time, so for ’18 has no really effect. And then we’ve given an overall efficiency and all of our R&D spending to offset that. So increasing in GPU spending, there are some other increases as well around things like autonomous driving and some of the other artificial intelligence in some of the emerging areas. You’re right, overtime will increase spending in NAND in R&D, but those are being offset by efficiencies that were driving into the rest of our product R&D. And we really feel like we’re getting good play where we can keep the place of innovation going on our core products, while we fund these new initiatives as well and not to compete from our continued efficiency efforts across spending as a percent of revenue.
Brian Krzanich: So, sort to make sure you -- we clarify a little bit, Joe. The separation of development work is -- again out in time think of it in 2020 timeframe is when real independences come and its NAND specific. So, we continue to work together on to the plus point. So and this is really just, it’s not a separation of the Company or something about the relationship. The relationship with Micron continues to be a good one. And I foresee it will continue to be good one in the future as well. This is about direction of where we are going to take our products and we have talked about our aggregate data center-centric and really tie a performance and allaying to the customer market that we are really looking at. And so, the spending in R&D we are talking about right now is really a NAND specific, 3D XPoint continues to be a joint effort.
Brian Krzanich: I understand your question about specifically around competition. I think every year we look at it as the competitive environment, and we're out to compete for our customers. And so we factor that in each year appropriately I think against the competition. So we look at the competitive environment and we believe Xeon Scalable, great performance that has, our overall product roadmap, we think we have a highly competitive roadmap and have adjusted for that in our forecast.
Brian Krzanich: No, that was a NAND out start with just answer to that question, Stacy. That was 3D NAND SSD we -- has been delayed in the fourth quarter and those are being addressed now. So, that was that comment.
Brian Krzanich: Sure, so we try and kind of break it into two kind of answers for that Vivek. From a cost standpoint, we’ve baked in and we've talked about that we don’t expect any material impact of this security exploit on our spending or product cost or any of that. So that’s how we baked that in. From a fourth half standpoint, we actually made our forecast and we've checked it as we go through this the first two weeks here of the year against our prior forecast to make sure that the forecasting incorporated any changes or any signs we're seeing up or down. And I would tell you at the highest level, we are not seeing much of the change in those forecasts as a result of that the flow. I'd tell you it's pretty balanced right now, so spending not materials and didn’t make any add there and then our forecast we had a forecast we checked in as we go through the first few weeks of the year and it hasn’t really changed that all as we looked at it. The only other think I'd add for Brian's comment earlier, we kind of go into the year realizing that it's an increasingly competitive environment and our focus is on right now continuing to bring the best highest performance products to market, but also to lots of time and energy spend on focusing on fixing those issue, primarily through software patches as opposed to short-term hardware things.
Brian Krzanich: Throughout the course of the year, we -- sorry, throughout the course of '17, we kind of guided high single-digits; and we kind of executed to that throughout. And then Q4 wasn’t dramatically different than the first three quarters of the year really with the exception of the high seasonal spend for enterprise. And that really took us from a high-single digit to low double-digit or 11% growth for the year. As we go into '18, we do not expect that. We think that in the enterprise space, things will go back down to the negative single-digits range and therefore don’t anticipate a dramatic difference in the how we laid out DCG a year-ago. So that's how we are thinking about it. If I maybe elevate that back up a little bit and just think about when we are putting together our plans for the year, there is two areas where our tendency is to be a little cautious on the outlook. One is PC TAM, we tend to be a little more cautious on PC TAM, and we tend to be a little more cautious as we think about enterprise growth in the DCT business. And the reason we do that as we think it's important to be cautious get our cost in line, and if our assumptions on market rates to growth turn out to be conservative, we will benefit from -- we believe we benefit from higher volume and real strong flow through to net income. That's how we plan the year covenant to 2017 and we did kind of the same thing for 2018. So I don’t anticipate dramatically different DCG growth and how we led out 2017 as we enter 2018 because we really haven't assume a change in trajectory of enterprise CIO spending in the course of the year.
Brian Krzanich: So I'll start and Bob can add some number detail in all. The Xeon Scalable ramp is right in line with prior ramps of similar products on our DCG roadmap. And what you saw when you talked about Q4 was not necessarily more Xeon Scalable, but people buying up the stock on Xeon Scalable which drove the ASP. So, they're buying a higher performance, higher priced part, and that's not uncommon when the early stages of the ramp. People come in and they typically want to buy the highest performance parts at the beginning. And then they fill out their distribution as other buyers come in and other parts in the market kind of opened up. So, ramps on schedule and aligned with high ramps and the ASP was more about SKU, they're buying up on higher performance parts than necessarily a volume statement.
Brian Krzanich: So, actually the mix dynamics are going to be a bigger factor overall for the year both in Q1 and for the rest of the year as our memory and modem business continue to accelerate strong growth. So that's going to be the biggest impact. I think 10-nanometer will have an impact just right off the gate and will kind of continue throughout the year, as we scale volume, but also need to improve yields during the course of the year. So hopefully that's helpful.
