George Davis: Sure, happy to. The -- we're announcing the accounting change in 2022 just to give people a heads up. It’s -- we think it's a pretty modest impact on gross margin. So it works within the range that we've given for the next couple of years. Obviously, we guided the next 2 to 3 years, not 2022. And so Pat did a good job of laying out what are the key drivers there. And the changes that we're doing on the accounting side are really -- we're out of alignment with the industry on stock-based comp. And we're also I think like you probably we just assume not see these large adjustments in a quarter that are for ICAP related activities. And so we're taking that out of non-GAAP as well. Quite frankly, with those two combined, it was net accretive with those two together over the last couple of years. But we think it's the time to make these change. And we think it's consistent with what the industry has done.
George Davis: I would say the other piece is, we saw a bounce up in our network SOCs. And as you know, those have much lower ASPs and tend to be dilutive to ASP. And that was relative to Q2.
George Davis: One is the SOC -- the enterprise piece is as I said, is a mix of products that we saw. It was skewed down from our FCC in the quarter with the enterprise as well.
George Davis: Yeah. For sure. First off, I think part of the reason for spending this amount of CapEx is to catch up with the capacity shortfalls that we've had. And also to build in more flexibility. These things all support higher revenue over time, which helps absorb some of the depreciation. That being said, it will be growing. No question. Our depreciation impact will be growing over the next couple of years. The impact of o-cost, which is all the Investment that is going on outside of depreciation in the note acceleration that Pat has been talking to, that has a big impact, particularly over the next few years because of the number of nodes that are being worked in parallel. So we think that gets better coming out of this period. And we've had a pretty reasonable assumption inside of our gross margin estimates for how much unit cost are going up, and then how much of that you can recover in ASP. So there's no big missing element. I think it's -- we expect to -- as we've said, we expect to grow into our investment, and we expect the investment in node compression takes less of a toll as we come out of this period.
George Davis: Yeah. And C.J., the accounting changes that we're talking about. Number 1, are to increase transparency into the business by breaking out the segments the way Pat has been describing the segments of the markets that we're going to be addressing. The other changes are really just to align with the industry. So when people look at our non-GAAP numbers, they are going to see the same basis for that as most of our peers. And so no accounting changes that we're talking about that relate to how we treat depreciation of assets.
George Davis: 51% to 53% for the next 2-3 years. And really the biggest hitters being the impact of higher capital, which we see accelerating in Q4 this year, going into next year and then the effect of the multiple node compression. Those are the key dynamics that we see. So that's all we can guide at this point.
Pat Gelsinger: And the other factor that we did talk about is also starting to give accountable units against our new business unit structures as well, which will give increased transparency to the marketplace and will also give increased accountability internally to drive the execution that we're laying out. So with that, Tony, next question.
Pat Gelsinger: Well, thank you. And as we look at these markets, we see clearly the client business with CCG. We don't expect that to be a double-digit grower. We do expect growth coming from the client business. And even IDC now is agreeing with us on growth next year. We do see the opportunity for us to be a share gainer, as well as gaining more of the bill of materials of the clients as well. But our expectations there are modest in the growth of the client business. Clearly, the datacenter business, we do expect to see stronger growth and as our products gets stronger and as we've noted with Sapphire Rapids next year and the roadmap over 23, 24 and 25, We do see ourselves in a position that we’ll be gaining leadership, which allows us to have pricing margin improvements in that product line, and datacenter is growing. But it isn't just the datacenter; it's also these 4 new business areas that we've laid out. And next to datacenter, the networking business, we have a very strong position already, but also the ability to reach into the network and the large growth that we see in the edge where Intel is very uniquely positioned. And the edge market as the 5G becomes an open RAN platform, also, the edge deployments, SmartFactory, smart cities, we're very well-positioned, and we expect to see substantial growth there. In the graphics area, we have a good business today in the Integrated graphics, but the opportunity for us to reach into this large and rapidly growing GPU business, discrete graphics business, high performance computing, we’re extraordinarily well positioned to be able to satisfy what we see almost as insatiable demand in that area. And then of course the mobility business, we're already well underway with our Mobileye business. Very unique technology position. Another great quarter from that team. And then finally, the great synergies we get from leveraging our core manufacturing assets as well as our process technology innovations. And as we noted in the formal comments, over half of the technology industry is going to be leading edge, right, in the second half of this decade. Very few companies can do that, and we're finding great interest for our foundry business to be able to satisfy those. So if you think about the growth in the core business plus these major new business areas, and we've done a lot of modeling against this and really built a very robust plan to go execute it, we feel very confident in the double-digit CAGR that we described. We're excited about it. The teams are leaning into it. And even better than that, our customers are excited about it. And with that customer enthusiasm, I'm very confident in what we've described here. We are leaning in. Now's the time to make it happen. And we're making the investments to realize that today.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. Thank you. Great question, John. And there's a -- first will be that the revenue impacts and the investment impacts of foundry, are fairly modest in the next couple of years. They don't add that much to the top line. They don't detract that much from the bottom line as we're really building that business now. It's really in the later years where you are going to start to see the revenue impact really start to matter. This is very typical of the foundry business. Takes a couple of years for a customer to pick a foundry, move a design, start to ramp it into the industry. So it really has minimal impact for the next couple of years and then it will start to really deliver in years four and five, and then the second half of the decade more significantly. With respect to margin, we expect that we are in our foundry business having very similar margin structures to the leader in this business today. And we see that as a good business. Maybe a little bit lower margin than our best product margins today, but still would allow us to comfortably be above 50% as I said in the long-term guidance that we laid out. This is a great market for us to be reaching into. It allows us to leverage the R&D investments that we have and process technology to more markets. Many of our AFP blocks, as we open up the X86 architecture for increasing innovation we get to leverage enormous amounts of R&D for new monetization opportunities. Also, we're leveraging our smart capital strategy, where we build shelves and we start that process early. That allows us to get those investments in the ground to start building some of that IFF capacity. But it also allows us to have capacity for increased market share gains and leveraging the balance between our internal and our foundry customers as well. And to leverage government investments we expect will be driven substantially to benefit the IFS business. So when we take all of that together, unique technology position, more flexible and leverage capital positions, unique IP benefits that we bring to it, we're seeing great interest from our foundry customers already. We're seeing that on mature nodes like our Intel 16, but very much from some of the largest customers in the industry with our leading-edge technologies where we're getting a lot of excitement to be on the best transistors that are available on the planet with the manufacturing capacity that we can bring. We see this as a great compliment to our business, and so far, things are going even better than I would've thought when I announced this business early in the year.
Pat Gelsinger: A couple of things Stacy. First, the mix of products in the quarter were more weighted towards what I would call our ACC products down from a fee stand point from our XCC and that part of that is coming out of the lower cloud than we expected.
Pat Gelsinger: But the ASP s of any individual product line, we're still very in line with our normal ASPs for those individual products, Stacy. So overall, we just say it was a mix discussion this quarter. It wasn't an ASP discussion at that level, even though, you average those together, and you get different effects. Also, as we said for the data-center business, we did have some unique issues in China this quarter, which led to some different behavior in that business. Some of the regulatory issues there. So overall, not where we would have expected the data-center to be for the quarter, but still a very strong performance. And we're happy with the growth that we're seeing in that business. And as we've indicated, the momentum of Ice Lake is growing. Sapphire Rapids, great interest in that product. So we're seeing that the overall competitiveness and the growth of that business area's looking very good for us for the future, we're excited about it and everything is going as we would have hoped for that business.
Pat Gelsinger: They -- as you might have seen, there's been some regulatory questions around gaming in China. And all of the Cloud vendors are adjusting their offerings to meet that new regulatory environment, so we expect it's a quarter or 2 for them to digest what they would look like. We do expect that market to recover going forward. And as you're probably aware, we have uniquely high market share in the Chinese Cloud market. So as it recovers, we expect a nice recovery in that business area for us and we expect that there will be a return to normalcy next year in that area of our business.
Pat Gelsinger: And ultimately we're making those investments in node compression to get more competitive products and more capabilities. And as the products get more competitive, better pricing, better margins, which enable us to have not only better gross margins, but obviously we'll have the flow-through benefits into cash flows as we are impacting our CapEx investments. All of these things start to generate positively as we get back on top of our competitive position. And as we said, we've had an extraordinary quarter since we last met every one of our process nodes that we described. Some said when we described 5 nodes in 4 years, that's never been done in history. And we said, that's right and we're going to do it. And as I updated in the formal comments, all of those nodes, Intel 7, Intel 4, Intel 3, Intel 28, Intel 18A, on or ahead of schedule. Relatively speaking, we're closing the gap on the industry, probably even more rapidly than I would've expected just a quarter ago. And as a result of that, these investments will be producing superior products with superior pricing and margins more rapidly, than we would have forecast even a quarter ago. So overall, we think all of these things are now starting to play together. Obviously, we have a couple of years to work through. But this is going to be a great outcome. And we think all of our aggressive leanings right now are going to be handsomely rewarded in the marketplace to our customers and to our shareholders over time..
Pat Gelsinger: So the initial CapEx of use go obviously, as you said, building out shelf capacity, building flexibility into it, as George indicated. In subsequent years might be going up a bit more. But as we've also said, we do expect to see the opportunity for government investments to enable us to go bigger and faster on our CapEx investments. So the numbers that we've given reflect the initial build-out of our foundry business. So we feel comfortable in that. And we've also described our smart capital strategy that gives us more flexibility for what we do internally, what we do in our foundries. The ability to benefit from government of estimates, the flexible build-out of shelves. And overall, we see -- these investments allow us to grow, right? And grow share, right? Gain. Foundry customers, where as those get committed, will build out the specific capacity. And then balancing of foundry, which enables us to leverage industry capacity as well as our own, and everything we bring internally will be a better margins associated with it. So overall, we think it's a very uniquely, powerful, resilient, and favorable strategy for us to execute overtime.
Pat Gelsinger: Look, on Q4, gross margin is pretty much the way we saw it when we talked about it last quarter, when we are guiding for the rest of the year. The Intel Federal impact is a one quarter impact. And so it does not carry forward. We're -- to the extent that you want to think about 22 gross margin, I think again,
Pat Gelsinger: And overall, as we've said, we feel confident in these numbers. We're giving a lot more transparency. We're taking the opportunity to give you more understanding of our business. We're electing to do that earlier in the process than we might otherwise because we're making these decisions, were choosing to give you a lot more understanding of the business. We're confident in these growth outlooks as well. These are exciting new market categories, right? That we are leaning into. They are large market categories. And it's not just that they are large categories, right? They reinforce each other. The stronger am in networking, the stronger I am in data-center. The stronger I am in client, the stronger I am in graphics. The stronger I am on my process technology, the stronger I am in my foundry business. Every one of these is building on each other and creating synergy value. And overall, right, as we move to leadership in these areas that we are well on track on doing that. We feel quite confident that growth rate, the margin profiles, it will of course, take the opportunity. At our Analyst Day to dig into the business areas quite a bit more. And we're going to help you understand those. We're going to give you segment reporting that helps you see those and be able to get transparency and accountability through it. But overall, we believe we are laying out a pretty exciting path that the management team, Board of Directors, and our customers are really leaning back into us to say, yes, this is Intel. We're excited for the future. Now is the time.
Pat Gelsinger: Overall, we expect that we'll be in a position to gain market share in our existing markets as we're making these capital investments. We've been woefully short of capacity for a number of years. This is great opportunity in the industry. And as everybody in every industry anywhere in the world realizes, semiconductors are hot. We need more of these so we're building the capacity to satisfy that. In the near-term capacity is destiny. Building more capacity enables us to gain more market share. And we think we can do that as our products get stronger with very favorable pricing conditions as well. And for instance, in the client business Alder Lake goes in production, they will be talking more about that next week. A tremendous product that will be a great market share gainer, as well as a pricing leader, right? As well as structured across the segments that allows us to gain share across multiple segments of the client marketplace. Also, I'd point out that these 4 areas, these 4 new growth businesses; we're very small in those businesses today. These have massive growth potential for us large, favorable markets that are looking for leadership, logic, capabilities, that Intel is uniquely positioned to supply into the industry. And overall, clearly the near-term as we've lain out with great transparency, some of the margin impacts in the near-term, but these are great investments. Great investments in large, growing, favorable markets that very few companies have even the opportunity to participate in. And we bring such massive assets to them, that we believe that we're going to be well-positioned to gain leadership positions across networking, accelerated computing, and graphics, in the autonomous vehicle category, in the foundry business. And you combine that with share gaining positions and client to data-center. This is a tremendous period of time. We're seizing the opportunity. Carpe Diem.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. On Sapphire Rapids, it's exactly what we said back in June of this year, that's -- it's going to be in production in Q1, ramp in Q2. So no change in its timing. We're working through the latter stages of the production process with the design, getting all of the elements of it worked out as we're ready to begin that volume ramp in Q2 of next year and on track for Q1 launch. With respect to the datacenter cloud business in Q3, and we'll see some of this in Q4 as well, largely is exactly what we said. Unique exposure to China where we have uniquely high market share. Nothing else significant going on in that business, that really is the story. Overall, the server business is constrained by supply. And this would be things like [Indiscernible] controllers and power supply devices that are holding us back from achieving, and trust me, we would be shipping a lot more units if we weren't constrained by the supply chain of these other components in the industry. Our customers, both Cloud customers and OEMS, very strong backlogs that they're pressing us aggressively to satisfy. But really limited by these match sets, as we call it in the industry. So other than those 2 factors, China and match sets, everything else is going as expected for the data-center business. So maybe then let me just wrap up our call today by saying, I am so proud of the talented committed team here at Intel. Despite all of the challenges of working through the supply constraints, our teams, our factories, our product designers, the software developers are performing so well. The execution machine that we have is restoring very rapidly and a deep sense of desire that we can, and we will win. I also want to take the chance to personally thank George for his leadership. All the things that he's done for our Company, adjusted commitments, seeing through a smooth transition to his successor. We've taken the first steps of our journey and I can't wait to share more of our successes in the future. Thanks for joining us today.
