Pat Gelsinger: Hey, thanks for the question, Tim, and great to be with you all today. So first I'd say, obviously we can't comment specifically on the speculation that you've been hearing, but feel what I'll say is, we're very happy with the build-out of the IFS business. As you say, it will include mature nodes, our 22 SFL, it will also include our leading edge nodes as well, our packaging offerings. And overall we're just seeing great momentum over a 100 customers in our pipeline. And we fully expect that this is going to be a great business for us.  At this point, we would not say that M&A is critical, but nor would we rule it out. Our view is that industry consolidation is very likely. The intense R&D, the need to move to modern and leading edge nodes, the massive capital investments required, we just simply view that smaller players simply won't be able to keep up, and foundries without leading edge capabilities will be left behind. And we're continually seeking ways to accelerate our plans with IFS. If an acquisition can help, we will certainly not rule it out. Thank you.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. And I would just say the HPC business for us, consistent with the reorg that we just announced, C.J., we just see a huge opportunity for us as we start delivering our GPU HPC, specialized versions of the Xeon product. We see a great opportunity. The reorg brings more focus on this business. So even though there is the one-time charge in Q4, we see this as a great business for us for the long term. And one that just will bring many, many technological market and business benefits. So George, I'll let you answer the second half.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. And broadly speaking, my comments will be a little bit specific to start with on the datacCenter business proper. Data center business good, good recovery in Q2. And with that there was some ASP decline, some of that's competitive driven. A little bit of that is mix-driven, but a bit more competitive.  Our outlook there is, is that we see fairly stable pricing and market segment share in the data center business for the second half of the year. And that's driven by, I will just say, we're bringing everything we got to the table to continue to win back the market, and with that, our software resources, our deep investments with our customers, the increasing strength of our product line.  Yeah, I'd also highlight they have a very strong ramp for the Ice Lake product, which is very competitive. Clear leadership on a number of metrics, the critical one such as AI performance. And we're also starting to see the return to growth in Cloud as you note, but stronger growth in the enterprise portion of the market.  Overall, DCG, good growth second half over first half. We'll be very competitive with that business but it's a supply constrained environment overall, which is the similar case for the client business.  Overall, we don't see a lot of movement on ASP first half to second half in either of those businesses. It really is about supply limitations. And as George commented, we're not passing through all of our supply constraint price increases that we're seeing from our supply chain. We really see it as an opportunity to be investing with our customers, rebuilding their confidence and partnership for the future. And we're feeling very good about our overall strength, momentum, and competitiveness as we go into the second half.
Pat Gelsinger: Thanks, Joe. I'll take that one. Overall, as I said, you have the Data Center business strong momentum. And we really felt Q1 is the low point, Q2 gaining momentum, second half Ice Lake ramp being very strong. And obviously customers are now very anxious and excited about Sapphire Rapids' huge performance improvements, but also huge feature capabilities as part of that. So we did add a bit more time for the validation cycle. We are now deep into the validation. It's in the hands of customers with volumes sampling underway.  And they're quite excited about not just the performance capabilities, core count increases, but a lot of the new technologies in the area of new memory capabilities, new PCI, Gen 5 capabilities, many of the new features that we've brought in here for AI performance in particular. Overall, it's going to be a great product and we're expecting to see a very strong ramp of it in the first half of next year. And this, we think, will just continue to build the momentum of the Data Center business as we've indicated strong second half as forecast, and we're going to build on that as we go into the next year with Sapphire Rapids. And the overall roadmap execution is improving, as we look for '23 and '24 to deliver unquestioned leadership product across everything that we do, including the Data Center.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. And just to add, Vivek, we'll cover some more of this on Monday in our Intel Accelerated event. And as part of that, we'll be laying out more specifics on the roadmap, the process, the packaging. But I'll say to the core of your question was, who's going to be the customers for this? We expect a broad range of customers. We're going to have a range of offerings on the menu, if you could, for modern nodes as well as leading edge nodes. We expect a range of customers across different segments of the marketplace, including some of the largest users of wafer capacity in the industry.  There's a lot of excitement in the marketplace, 100+ customers in the pipeline already, and you can expect to see great things in this area of a new and exciting business. The world needs more semiconductors. The world needs a more balanced geographic supply chain for those semiconductors. And we're finding enormous momentum and enthusiasm for that strong support from the customers, the ecosystem, as well as the governments around the world.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. Thank you, Matt. And Greg will be CTO -- the Company's CTO. So as part of that remit will be all of our labs' advanced research capabilities. We have a pool of hundreds of PHD's doing advanced research and some of the most leading-edge work is done. And as you probably know about Greg as well, he was a UT professor and was my CTO at VMware. He will also be the leader of all of our central software activities. And this is a large organization. It's bios, drivers, compilers, all of those core things, and the One API initiative which we're now starting to see major partners come and align with us around One API.  The third and maybe most important area under his remit will be standardizing the upper layers of the software stack for us. And in particular the AI software offerings deal for us. And this is an area that we have, you all say, not managed well. We've had too many pieces in different portions of the organization, so he will become the AI software leader at scale for us in an area that's going to be critical to standardize, deliver, and just deliver some of the world-leading research that we have in the area of our software remit for our AI product offerings overall.  Super excited to have him on the team, a world-class technologist and software leader combining with another world-class leader like Nick McKeown, a world-class leader like Shlomit Weiss coming back on the team for our engineering, talent flow, was going out of the Company; it is now coming back to the Company. And we are excited about the leadership team that we are forming.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes, yes, and yes to your question, Harlan. And we're really -- the first half, second half, year-over-year, you got it. We're seeing the growth for it. And like we said, we saw the bottom in Q1, great Q2, momentum continuing into the second half and next year. And we saw strong growth in enterprise and government, recovery in Cloud, we're seeing growth in that area.  But as you say -- I'll just say we are so well-positioned on the Edge and the 5G. The open RAN, vRAN initiatives in the industry are now hitting stride. And I think I've only been on 3 major service provider calls this week on exactly that topic, where they are really starting to look at those deployments at scale for a standardized software-driven Edge environment for their 5G networks. And I'd also say, this is a victory for innovation.  Just a year ago, we were very -- just 3 years ago there was grave geopolitical concerns around 5G and would there ever be flexibility for how that would get deployed nationally. Now, everybody is aligning against the O-RAN, vRAN initiatives as the way to do their 5G broad deployments. And the Intel platform sits in the center of those almost everywhere in the world. It really is a great success story for us and one that we think that we'll be harvesting from many, many years to come.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah, we do think it generally moderates market share movements in the industry period. And if anything, we're able to use it as an advantage because we are able to pull some of those substrate steps. just to be clear, we're still relying on our substrate network, but we're pulling some of the backend processing into our own factories, which allows us to essentially get more out of the capacity that's available in the industry. And that's what's enabling us to, I'll say, continue to overachieve on the overall market share gains that we've been seeing.  This has been an important factor. We do have -- some of that factored into our second half. We do hope to continue to overachieve in that area. And if I'd say, why did we overachieve so much in Q2? The heroes for the quarter for us were our manufacturing and operations team. They just did a superb job for us, and really relying on them from the second half, and as George said, hey, if there's more opportunity for us to overachieve on the guide that we set for the second half, it's going to come at the hands of their ability to essentially create more out of nothing; find capacity in the industry, build it out.  And we're doing quite well in this respect, but overall, it is a constrained environment. And as a result, we and everybody else, we're trying to drive our factories harder, drive yields better, and be able to improve the supply chain of the industry. And we're quite excited about the enthusiasm we see in this consistent strong demand signal, as the world becomes more digital. And we're going to be building our internal factories rapidly, our supply chains rapidly, and working with our supply chain quite aggressively.
Pat Gelsinger: And I'd also just add 1 small point that the IFS gives us the opportunity to co-engineer with our largest customers. And this in fact creates a unique competitive differentiation where our IP with their IP is creating products that are very uniquely beneficial to their TCO and very co-engineered, so very sticky for both of us. And the example customer that we said of a very large cloud customer as one of our IFS early customers is an example of that kind of co-engineering that we expect that we'll be doing at scale for that portion of the marketplace pretty uniquely.
Pat Gelsinger: The comment on fairly stable market segment share and ASP for DCG for the second half of the year is what our expectations are. I'll just say, I think that the substrate and the overall supply limitations keeps, I'll say, a bound on market share movements in that area, the business overall. We do think incrementally, our IDM capabilities give us a bit more capacity.  And we saw market share gains, for instance, in the first half of the year in the client business as a result of that, and we do think that gives us some ability to hopefully do a bit better than we've even guided, with if it occurs. But overall, yeah, your question's in the right domain. Fairly stable ASPs, fairly stable market segment share in the data center in the second half of the year, which as we've already said, is substantially improved from last year as well as from the first half of this year.  Products are getting more competitive. Stronger products give us more ASP capabilities as they become more competitive. But overall, we're feeling like the bottom was Q1, Q2 showed that to be the case even a bit above our expectations and we're on a great trajectory for the second half and into next year.
Pat Gelsinger: Thank you. Well, I think we'll wrap up at this point. And before we sign off, one last opportunity to say what it is an honor to be back for my dream job to run this iconic Company at this pivotal time in the history of the semiconductor industry. We're rebuilding our heritage of execution, innovation and growth, along with the 110,000 talented, passionate Intel employees. I am just absolutely confident that the best days for this Company are ahead of us. Thanks for the call today, and I do look forward to talking to you all at our Intel Accelerated Event on Monday. Talk to you then. Thank you so much.
George Davis: Let me -- I'll start with the one-time charge, without going into too much detail. It is related to our high performance compute activities through our Intel Federal. It's crystallized in Q4 at the time that we execute a contract. So that's the reason for the timing.
George Davis: In terms of free cash flow, obviously very important. We're focused on that. We've raised it this year, as you saw on the call. We will go through not only free cash flow, but capital and all of the normal key financial metrics for the Company at the November Analyst Meeting. We'll defer until that time on that question, but thanks.
George Davis: And C.J., I would just add. The Q2 number which looks like a double-digit ASP decrease for CCG, I would just remind you that that's a year-over-year comparison where we have a much bigger mix of the small Core products, which is really driving that. You saw units were up 33% and ASPs were down 15%. It's really the mix that is reflected there.
George Davis: Yes, Stacy, so the absolute numbers are down -- are trending what is counter-intuitively, and really it's NAND moving from non-GAAP into GAAP. There's no depreciation for the NAND business anymore, as it's under the accounting once it's held for sale. It's an anomaly. Yes, we expect depreciation to increase as we're ramping CapEx over the next several years. And again, in terms of how all of that translates into everything from gross margins to free cash flow, we'll cover all that at the Analysts Day. But you're not missing anything.
George Davis: Yeah. Vivek, this is George. A couple of things. Number 1, we're short of supply, so we're the first big customer going into that expanded capacity, and we'll open up those facilities, getting the shells, and what I would call the lower-cost elements in place, is something that quite frankly we'd fallen behind on over the last few years. So this is -- we're playing a little catch-up just for our own requirements. With Foundry, we'll be talking about some potential customers. We've talked about 100 customers that are talking to us about Foundry opportunities.  Obviously, when you bring on a new Foundry customer, as you look at the lead times that are needed for that and the lead times that are needed to actually do the most expensive part of adding to your capacity, those things actually line up pretty well, so we'll manage that, manage that quite tightly. We'll go into this in more detail in November, but it's not a -- this is not intended to be a, we'll just keep building and hoping that somebody shows up. It's going to be tied to the demand signals that we're receiving. And that, not only for us, which are significantly in excess of our capacity today, but also for the customers we're working with, which I believe we'll be talking about more next week at our event.
George Davis: In terms of -- if we're looking at the particularly -- let's just look at Q3, because that's where we discussed Alder Lake pre-RQ reserves. It's one of the two top movers when you look at being down 400 basis points, it's certainly, it's not the majority, but it's a meaningful impact in the quarter. 7-nanometer startup cost ramping is the biggest impact far and away.  In terms of supply tightness, the challenge is, part of what made Q2 so great was customers really challenged our sales teams and our factories to remix within a quarter to provide them with the components that they could then match with what their supply chain was providing them so they could get to market. Watching it was super impressive, a little bit scary at times, but the team did a fantastic job.  We did a really good job of eating up a lot of our substrates, some of which we thought we would have available to us in Q3. The supply impact is more of a volume impact. Customers are already starting to mix upwards, so that's usually a positive for gross margin. And if there's upside in the second half, it will come from both higher substrates and the ability -- and a higher mix, and that could well be the case.  We were cautious. Q3, we could see we had a real supply challenge, it's acute. But Q4, we're doing everything we can to help our substrate suppliers increase supply, including finishing up some of their manufacturing in our own facilities, which is something we could do with an IDM. If we have more success than we can forecast today, maybe Q4 could be seen as conservative.
George Davis: Yeah. Again, I'm going to defer any kind of forecasting of '22 and beyond. But as you know, the fact that we have the 7-nanometer startup ramping is a good sign that we're getting close to being able to get products ramping, and that's what really drives down cost over time. I think Pat was talking about the Q2 or Q2 of 47% reduction in wafer costs in 10-nanometer. That's the kind of benefit you can get as you ramp into a process. We'll lay out more of our thinking in that regard later.
George Davis: Yeah, thanks. Maybe starting at the latter part of your question. There's no long-term reason why you could not see DCG return to more historical margins. What you're seeing today is a reflection of a couple of things. First off, year-over-year, you've got significant factory start-up costs embedded for them which as you look at our operating margin. I would say another thing that people maybe are overlooking is our OpEx investments. We have significantly increased the OpEx and key areas of the Company even as we've taken down about $2 billion of OpEx since 2018 on various Portfolio actions.  And the DCG and the Xeon product line is absolutely critical to the Company. And so we have substantially increased OpEx within that as well, so that's the second largest impact. and we're going to continue to do that for as long as it's needed. And as you know, ultimately, it is your product competitiveness that gives you more flexibility to drive up ASPs further from today and drive higher gross margins. But I think the early comparison this year were just off as such a strong comparement. The first half of last year was just super strong, high XCC account quarters. And in the first half of this year, although Q2, quite frankly, it was a lot better than we thought coming into it for DCG, on strength in enterprise. But the comparisons year-over-year were quite tough.  As you noted, it's coming up and yes, 7-nanometer start-up is going to be -- got to be absorbed in the higher OpEx, but I think, as you see, our product portfolio continue to get stronger and stronger with Ice Lake and Sapphire Rapids, and then for the generations after that. there's no reason why over time, we don't get back to historic levels.
