Mark H. Henninger: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to Intel's third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. By now you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the CFO earnings presentation, which replaces the CFO commentary that we provided in the past. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our investor website, intc.com. The CFO earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined today by Brian Krzanich, our CEO, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, we'll hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by the Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The CFO commentary and earnings release, available on intc.com, include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Brian.
Mark H. Henninger: Okay. Thank you, Brian and Bob. Moving on now to the Q&A, as is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask one question and just one follow-up, if you have one. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
Mark H. Henninger: Thanks, Matt, and thank you all for joining us today. Operator, please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Brian M. Krzanich: Hi, Ross. So let's talk about this. We can kind of break this down. So, first, we are already seeing the benefits of AI in that. Remember, as I said, we lead in inference, which is the actual application of artificial intelligence, and we're continuing to really grow in that space. I think AI, if you take a look at it in general, machine learning, it's the smallest segment to a workload if you look at the data center, but the fastest growing. So you're going to see it continue to become a bigger and bigger portion of our business. You're seeing the effects in our numbers already around Xeon, Xeon Scalable, the FPGAs; we talked about the Microsoft Brainwave launch that's occurring. So those products you're going to see, I'll call those more of our traditional products. And also at the lower end, outside the data center, things like Movidius and now Mobileye, you're seeing those hit our P&Ls as well real-time now as we speak. The other products like Nervana, you'll start to see really more towards the back end probably of 2018 from a P&L perspective. If you take a look at Nervana, it actually – we get our first silicon out. It will be handed out as test silicon. We have a yearly cadence of products, and so I expect the first substantiations to be more people figuring out how to use it. It won't be a big impact. But as we go through next year and move on beyond that and get the second generation and beyond, that will grow, we believe, quite considerably. And then products like Loihi, which is our neuromorphic, are same things. The part we've put out so far is really a chip for people to begin to use and learn how to program with neuromorphic, which is a very different type of machine learning. It lets you learn at hundreds of times faster rates than traditional, I'll say, GPUs and CPUs, especially around visual learning. Those as well you'll start to see late next year and beyond as people really begin to learn how to program with these. So seeing it already and those newer products really think late 2018 and beyond before they really start to hit P&Ls.
Brian M. Krzanich: I'll start and Bob can jump in, Stacy. First, because you've got a couple questions in there, what I would tell you is that the Purley ramp has just really started. It starts with the big cloud service providers. You saw Google talk about it a couple weeks ago. You saw Microsoft talk about it earlier this week. Those ramps are just beginning. I talked about the 200 design wins or design-ins at customers. Those are just starting to come out, so we're really early. These ramps, remember because we have to – it will go through the cloud service providers and the Tier 2 cloud service providers, then on into comms and eventually into enterprise as well. This is going to take a year or more. So I think it's early to make this judgment. The ramp is right within the range we predicted it to be from a ramp of that product The second part of your question, is 7% high single digits, I'll just make it simple and say look, if you look mathematically, I think it would meet a minima of high single digits, but it's certainly not necessarily where we're targeting to get to, but it's a high single digit number. I'm not going to – the math doesn't lie.
Brian M. Krzanich: Sure, we don't separate out inference. So what we said is simply in the past publicly that AI is one of the smallest workloads and in fact one of the fastest growing. We haven't broken out – beyond just saying here's what cloud is growing at and here's what comms and here's what enterprise, we don't break out by workload. And there's a variety of reasons for that. Part of it, it's sometimes hard. The mixture of what – when somebody goes out and builds a rack, what is it going into? How much of its workload is really being used by AI? Anybody who tells you exactly what that number is, is just wrong, to be honest with you. So it's very hard for us to say with precision that X percent of our units went into AI workloads because it's rare that a rack is purely AI except for rare cases. But we know that it's small, just by the type of interactions we have, but also fast-growing and one of the biggest areas of interest.
Brian M. Krzanich: Sure. So you've captured it quite well. Let's just talk about this. We can talk about it from a unit standpoint and then we can talk about it from how has our business done. From a unit standpoint, the decline has certainly slowed down. If you go back a year or two ago, we were high single digits to low teens declines at times year over year from a unit basis, and that slowed into the low single digits that we're seeing today, but we still are seeing a decline on a unit level. And I always remind people, we've taken probably something like 25% of the annual units out of this business, yet grown in that timeframe the profitability of that business significantly. So, that I think just talks about both the great execution in products and segmentation strategy and just the leadership that that team, at first with Navin Shenoy and now with Greg Bryant, have really delivered to the company. So our view is, John, that if you take a long-term view, we see the pattern kind of stabilizing at about where it is. I think we'll come in here and there will be quarters when the units are up slightly, and there will be other quarters when the units are down a little more slightly. But when we look at it over the long haul, they're probably going to be down those low single digits. But we also see segments that are growing, that are very performance focused, which allow us opportunity. So you talked about them, gaming, 2-in-1 devices, thin and light, the Ultrabook as we like to think about it from the old, those products are continuing to see growth actually, and they are pushing that record Core i5, Core i7. They're pushing the desire for Core i9, which is a new product we introduced. Those are what's driving the segmentation, the ASP uplift, and the increased profitability. We think to some level that trend will continue. How long? I'm not going to be that good a prognosticator, but certainly for the near-term future, we don't see this trend shifting very much.
Brian M. Krzanich: Yeah. I'm excited about the modem business. We, I think, really gotten a team together that is world-class. We believe we now are on a yearly cadence of world-class modems, which is really critical. That's a big hurdle to get that technology to where you can reliably put out on a yearly cadence a world-class modem. We believe we're there now. We continue to increase the profitability or the efficiency of that organization, which we've always talked about in the past, and that's continued. So we think we can continue to both drive the technology and continue to grow that business.
Brian M. Krzanich: Sure. I think in our statements and in the release, we showed you that we actually lowered CapEx by about $500 million for this year. We've talked about CapEx and thinking about it as being in this range. I don't think we have anything else to say about – it's pretty close right now. We're just focused on the execution into Q4 and prepping for our view for 2018. So I don't want to have any other discussion on CapEx until we get to the January timeframe right now for 2018.
Brian M. Krzanich: Yes, think of it – so first, absolutely you're right that we are going to move much more of our focus towards data center products coming first. It's not going to be the early part of 10-nanometer, though. You've got to look at the design cycles. And you make a decision like that, even if you make it last year, you'll start to see the effect at the back end of 10-nanometers and you'll really see it affect 7-nanometers, so not these early products on 10-nanometer, though. They were already in the hopper when we made that move.
Brian M. Krzanich: Sure, that's a great question. So we mentioned that even out of those 14, many of those continue on up into Level 3, Level 4. The Level 5 work that you see out there is pretty far out there. And I'd tell you that's there's a lot of just experimental work going on there. If I take a look at the bigger picture, which is what you're asking, this whole picture that we've been putting together is – I said in the statement that individually these businesses are great. But when you put all these together into one package and you're able to walk into a customer with a complete solution, they're truly world-class and something nobody else can deliver. So you're right, when we go in and we talk to somebody about autonomous driving in general, whether it's Level 2 bots, Level 3, Level 4, or Level 5, we bring with us a suite of products, depending on what kind of architecture. And what we're seeing is different OEMs, different customers thinking about those architectures even differently across that spectrum. Some are thinking but by Level 5, I think my skills will be up. I want a closed system. I want to have much more control of the software. So we have a set of solutions we bring to them there. Some of them want to have more FPGAs for how they bring their software down onto the silicon earlier on. But what we're able to do is bring our modems. We shipped, and we mentioned it in the release, our first automotive modem. So we're able to bring automotive modems all the way through 5G. Most of these car companies are having to build data centers, and not just data centers, centralized data centers, but really a data center architecture that goes all the way out with data and compute at the edge. You're going to want to be able to manipulate and transfer mapping, high-precision mapping, to the cars and data back from the cars to change those maps' construction and things like that. So we're building that architecture, and we have the products and the talent to uniquely work with them all through that infrastructure. And then you get out to the car again and we can bring the FPGAs, the Mobileye for sensor fusion or compute. We can put Xeons in there. And each one of these discussions, they're all a bit different. They all have multiple phases as you go through 3, 4, and 5 on the levels. And what we're able to do is say you don't have to just take this one solution. This is not the only solution there is. What would you like to do? What best solves your problem in the most cost-effective, lowest power, efficient way? How much work do you want us to do in software and development versus how much work do you want to own and have IP within your company? And that's changing, as we said, over time. And that's part of also why we're building out that 100-car fleet. Amnon [Shashua] really has driven a vision that says it's one thing to bring foils to a meeting. It's another thing to bring a car and say now let's go out and drive and show you how all of these fit together. So all of that is – this package that we have is unique and it's resonating quite well as we walk in to the various car OEMs. And I'm out there with them in various modes almost every week, every other week. Amnon is out. We're all talking about a complete package.
Robert H. Swan: Ross, great question. First, as you mentioned, we had great progress in the third quarter. We started the year at a spending level which was a little over 35% of revenue, and we came into 2017 saying that we would get that down to roughly 34%. Reflected in our guidance is it will be closer to 33%, so we're delivering well ahead of our expectations, which have been a function of the two things you highlighted: one, much stronger growth; and two, lower spending levels. And those lower spending levels from the first half of this year to the second half are a function of continuing to look at every dollar that we spend, whether it's R&D, whether it's sales and marketing, or whether it's G&A, and making sure that those dollars are allocated towards the biggest growth opportunities, and we are not to redeploy that capital or to get it out of the ecosystem. So our first half to second half spend levels will be down roughly $700 million on a business that will be roughly $2.5 billion bigger in the second half versus the first half. So we're making great progress on making real trade-offs on our spending levels and getting the benefit of stronger growth, and we expect the combination of those two to continue as we go forward.
Robert H. Swan: I'll just maybe add a little bit, I think, on the first part of your question. Overall, growth for the year relative to the expectations back in January, revenue will be up $2.5 billion. Obviously, PC is a significant part of that. Memory is growing faster. IoT is growing faster. PSG and data center, PSG faster in the second half versus the first half and DCG in line with our full-year outlook at the beginning of the year to be high single digits. So real good strength on clients, on memory, on IoT, and in line with the other businesses. The other thing I'd just offer to follow up on Brian's commentary on DCG growth, maybe two things. One, we started out at 6% in Q1. We were at 9% in Q2. We're at 7% in Q3 off a real tough comp last year of double-digit growth in the third quarter. So I would say from a top line perspective, we're right in line with the guide that we gave at the beginning of the year. And secondly and as importantly, our operating margins have continued to grow significantly quarter on quarter through the course of the year, with 46% operating margins in the third quarter. And we told you early on, despite a relatively slow start, the fact that operating margins for DCG to be above 40% for the year, and we're well on track to hit that important metric as well. So nine months through the year, great start to the year for us and DCG in line with our expectations and building momentum as we exit the year.
Robert H. Swan: On your first part, we laid out for the year 63% gross margins. And we're pretty much in line with that throughout the first nine months, and our outlook for Q4 is another 63%, so in line with the full-year outlook, which is in the high end of our historical guide range. So we feel pretty good about where we are. For the dynamics underneath the covers, the trends have been fairly consistent: volume leverage with good scale going through the fabs; ASPs modestly better, much better in the first half on easier comps, slightly better in the second half on tougher comps. Unit cost continues to come down. The ramp costs associated with 10-nanometer are lower. And offsetting those, you really have three things going on. One, we have a high growth in our adjacent businesses of memory and modem that weigh on – that are a big contributor to improved earnings, but they weigh on our gross margin. Secondly, we have higher engineering samples as we go into the fourth quarter. And third, the co-marketing change that I mentioned in the prepared remarks, Stacy, that has no impact on operating income but a modest impact on gross margin but offset by lower spending levels. So you take those all into account and they've delivered solid Q3 dynamics, solid Q4 outlook. And the one change between Q3 and Q4 is primarily attributable to the mix of the higher-growth adjacency businesses. Those trends and those dynamics, we'll talk much more about 2018 in January, but those trends have been fairly consistent for the last four quarters.
Robert H. Swan: The first half gross margins – I should say operating margins were lower, second half much stronger. Fundamentally, it's less about cuts, to be honest with you. It's more about continuing to grow the top line. continuing to get ASP improvements or compensated for the performance that we're delivering, and modestly lower unit costs. So the combination of those three are getting really good leverage and allow us to expand operating margins while we continue to invest in obviously Xeon but also in artificial intelligence. So that's what's driven the first half to second half dynamics. As I indicated, we started out the year saying that we were highly confident we'd be above 40% for the year, and that's how it's played out during the course of the year.
Robert H. Swan: No one-timers. In one sense, John, it's no real surprises for us. We anticipated growing throughout the year. We anticipated higher ASPs, i.e., sequential ASPs being a little bit stronger, and that would drive incremental operating income. And some of the benefits of just a lower overall G&A spending for the company is benefiting all the different P&Ls. The G&A is actually lower. So that's what's really been driving the improvement sequentially. As you can tell from our full-year guide, there will be more of the same in Q4 relative to Q3. And then in terms of implications going forward, we got a great business. We've redefined the role we play in the data center business to be not a high 90% share player, but a 30% share player with lots of room to grow. And we expect that to be a continued important source of growth, both top and bottom line for the company. The specifics around that we'll talk more about it in January.
Robert H. Swan: First, in 2017, people ought to be thinking about free cash flow growth being $1.5 billion to $2 billion higher than what was primarily reflected in our guidance, because we're saying that our current forecast will be much better than kind of where we started the year. And that improvement is really a function of three things; one, earnings growth, more operating earnings growth as opposed to the ICAP gains, but real solid operating earnings growth. Secondly, we reduced our CapEx outlook for the year from $12 billion to $11.5 billion this year. And third, the long-term agreements that we signed in the year. One of the benefits in what we're trying to do is really match our net capital deployed in memory in conjunction with demand from strategic clients and partners, which has the effect of reducing the impact of the memory capital intensity on the free cash flow to the business that makes sense for our customers and makes sense for us. So we'll continue to look for those opportunities. The biggest gap between our earnings performance and our free cash flow performance has been the higher capital associated with growth, number one, but in particular, memory. And we're really looking for opportunities to reduce our net capital deployed into memory, which will in turn grow free cash flow over time just closer and closer to our EPS growth.
Robert H. Swan: I would just, without giving you all the specifics of ASPs by segment, I would just say the biggest driver of ASP improvement is really incremental performance. So as we continue to transition – yes, we're still transitioning Haswell to Broadwell, which all else equal there are positive ASP implications as we transition to Xeon Scalable and deliver higher performance. That growing mix of higher-performance products is the single biggest contributor to ASP. We're still in the early days, as Brian mentioned, in Xeon Scalable, but that is a high-performance product. And we would expect that will share in the benefits of high performance for our clients with higher ASPs. But that's the biggest dynamic.
Robert H. Swan: Yes, just on the co-marketing program in particular, really what we're trying to do is retain the value of the Intel Inside brand, but also to be more flexible and align our spending in conjunction with our customers, more tailored programs by customer to drive more efficient demand. That's the intent of what we're trying to accomplish, and we're pretty excited about the change. The quantification of that strategy in essence in the third quarter was roughly $200 million that in essence shifted from spending to contra-revenue, so no impact on operating income dollars but roughly $200 million lower revenue, $200 million lower spending. And we expect that to be modestly higher as we go into the fourth quarter. So again, more effective and efficient way to spend our marketing dollars in conjunction with tailoring programs with the OEMs, that drives the change in the geography of how those dollars are reflected in our P&L but doesn't really impact our operating income.
