R. Sellers: Thank you, Chastity, and welcome, everyone, to Intel's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earning release and the CFO commentary that goes along with that. If you've not received both documents, they're currently available on our Investor website, intc.com. I'm joined today by Paul Otellini, our President and CEO; and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll follow our normal practice by hearing brief prepared remarks from both Paul and Stacy, after which we'll be happy to take questions. By way of announcement, Intel will be hosting our Annual Investor Day at our headquarters here in Santa Clara on Tuesday, May 17, 2011, and we look forward to seeing many of you there.  Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.  Also if during this call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we will be posting the appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations to our website, intc.com.  So with that, let me now hand it over to Paul.
R. Sellers: Okay. Thanks both Stacy and Paul. We'll now move to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] So Chastity, please go ahead and introduce our first questioner.
R. Sellers: Avik, this is Kevin. I would add because we made this public, too. What we have seen across UP, DP and MP has been a mix shift within those categories, so sort of Paul's point. That has been 1 of the drivers of the revenue growth is because the ROI is so good, we're finding the Data Center group -- or sorry the Data Center providers, what they're doing is they're buying up in that stack for the ROI. So that's been a big driver. To the higher bin split.
R. Sellers: Thanks, Sumit. And thanks, everyone, for joining our call. As a reminder, our quiet period for the second quarter of 2011 will begin at the close of business on Friday, June 3. And our second quarter earnings conference call scheduled for Wednesday, July 20, 2011. Thank you all, and goodnight.
Stacy Smith: Thanks, Paul. The first quarter of 2011 had several significant milestones. It was a record quarter in terms of revenue and earnings per share. We closed both the McAfee and Infineon Wireless Division acquisitions. Our customers launched our Sandy Bridge platforms, our fastest ramping product in the company's history.  In addition, the company identified, fixed and recovered from the Cougar Point chipset design issue, completely mitigating the $300 million revenue impact that was originally forecasted. The factory network executed flawlessly, lowering throughput times and significantly increasing first quarter output of Cougar Point replacement parts, fully recovering to customer demand by the end of the quarter.  As a result of the acquisitions of McAfee and the Infineon Wireless Division, we will be providing non-GAAP financial information in addition to GAAP for 2011 to provide additional visibility into the operational results of the company.  Excluding the impacts of deferred revenue write-down and associated costs, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and other acquisition-related accounting impacts, we achieved first quarter revenue of $12.9 billion, gross margin of 62% and earnings per share of $0.59. The rest of my comments will use GAAP financials unless otherwise called out.  The first quarter ended up significantly better than our expectations. From a market standpoint, strength in emerging markets and enterprise offset the weakness that we expected and saw in the mature market Consumer segment. We continue to benefit from the strength of our product lineup across servers and clients. The introduction of Sandy Bridge extended our leadership and resulted in an increase in average selling prices.  The third quarter of last year was the first time where our revenue exceeded $11 billion. Revenue for the first quarter of 2011 was $12.8 billion, up $1.4 billion from the fourth quarter, and up 25% year-on-year. The acquisitions of McAfee and the Infineon Wireless Division contributed approximately $500 million of the $2.5 billion increase from a year ago.  Gross margin of $7.9 billion in the first quarter was a record, and the gross margin percentage was 61%. While gross margin benefited from higher average selling prices when compared to the fourth quarter, 22-nanometer start-up costs, higher unit costs, and the impact of the acquisitions brought gross margin down 3 points from the fourth quarter.  The Cougar Point impact to gross margin was approximately 3 points, consistent with the impact to the fourth quarter. R&D and MG&A, as a percent of revenue, dropped to 28.7%. Our plan for 2011 is to sustain the progress we've made in our productivity and our efficiency, while making some critical R&D investments in the core business and adjacencies such as tablets and phones, and software capability and in process technology.  Operating profit of $4.2 billion in the first quarter was up 21% year-on-year. Net income of $3.2 billion and earnings per share of $0.56 were up 29% and 30%, respectively, when compared to a year ago. Our philosophy of both investing in our business and returning cash to our shareholders was evident in the first quarter as we completed the acquisitions of McAfee and the Infineon Wireless Division, increased our capital spending, completed a $4 billion buyback and increased our dividend per share by 15%. The cash generation of our business remains strong with cash flow from operations of $4 billion in the first quarter.  As we look forward to the second quarter of 2011, we are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $12.8 billion, flat to the first quarter and in line with historical seasonality. We are forecasting the midpoint of the gross margin range to be flat to the first quarter at 61%. The first quarter was a great start to 2011 and puts us on track to exceed our financial goals for the year. Seasonal growth from the first quarter puts us on the path towards another year of double-digit unit growth, and revenue growth in excess of 20% after the 24% growth we saw last year.  We are making some critical investments in our business, both in terms of research and development and in taking advantage of our process technology leadership. The cash generation of our business remains strong and the first quarter results put us on track to another year of double-digit earnings growth.  With that, let me turn it back over to Kevin.
Stacy Smith: Yes, actually, let me take a shot, and just give you a -- I think we've talked about this before, Glen. This is Stacy. The emerging markets now are well over 50% of our total business level. And I think the dynamic that's going on there is really one of economics. The desirability of technology is high and the affordability of technology is now coming into the range where when we look across markets like China, Latin America, Eastern Europe, you've got a couple of billion consumers that now the price point of a PC is within 1 to 2 months of income and it's really driving our growth, and penetration rates are still pretty low. So we think this is something that has legs and will drive our growth into the future.
Stacy Smith: This is Stacy. I'll start with the second part of that, and then turn it back over to Paul. The CapEx number for us is really driven by a couple of things. It's driven by the unit growth and the mix that we're seeing and it protects our ability to meet demand at 22 and 14 nanometer. You didn't say 14 nanometer, but that's an important part of this story. And it enables our strategy to integrate more features and functionality on to that leading-edge process technology, which as Paul said in his prepared remarks it gives us performance, cost and power efficiency advantages. Let me give you an example. Probably the biggest single chunk that's happening inside of this increase in CapEx is the fact that we've made the decision that for the development fab for 14 nanometer, we're going to make that fab bigger. That gives us the ability to actually, at the early stage of the ramp, move more products to 14 nanometer, take advantage of that process technology leadership, ramp it faster. So we're going to spend some construction dollars today to have that capability in place of 14 nanometer. But over the 14-nanometer life, it should save us money by going faster on that first factory. So those are the kinds of things that we're doing to both protect the ability to respond to demand, and also make sure that we have the transistors available on the leading edge to give us the competitive advantage in the marketplace.
Stacy Smith: Sure. I'll be happy to do that. And by the way I understand this is your last call, so I think as a thank you for your years of following us, we'll let you ask a multipart question. We'll give you extra time to do that.
Stacy Smith: You can think of another part to this, if you want. In terms of McAfee and Infineon, we closed Infineon at the end of January. We closed McAfee at the end of February. The combination of those 2 acquisitions added $0.5 billion of revenue to Q1. And based on having a full quarter in Q2, they should add another $0.5 billion in Q2. In terms -- so now let me help you a little bit with Q2 map, because you've got a couple of offsets. You got this incremental $0.5 billion for McAfee and Infineon. It's offset by the fact that we don't have the 14th week, those are roughly in line with each other. And so when you net those out, what you see is Q2's kind of flat on an ongoing business basis to Q1, which is in line with seasonal patterns we've seen over the last 5 years. Going into the second half of the year, I'm not going to get as discrete as providing a forecast for each quarter, but we're not seeing anything that would cause it to be a different year. We see through all kinds of economic climates. The second half of the year tends to be 2 to 3 points higher than the first half in terms of revenue. That's consistent with our expectations as we work through the year.
Stacy Smith: This is Stacy. So I'm going to punt on the capability part of that question for another few weeks. You'll see that when we do our disclosures around 22 nanometer and really start to talk about some of the secret sauce that's going to come out in that technology, so that will carry it forward into 14. In terms of the speed, we're still on a 2-year cadence. So that hasn't changed. That is our Moore's Law cadence, and we're driving that faster than anybody else in the industry. So even at that 2-year cadence, we're extending our leadership over others. What we're realizing, though, is that competitive advantage is becoming more and more important to us. And we're getting -- we've always gotten paid for it in terms of cost. We're now also getting paid for it in terms of differentiating our product line and getting paid in pricing. And so at an economical, where you can see it in our results over the last 6 or 7 quarters, as we have extended our leadership, our products have extended over the rest of the industry, we've segmented our product line and we're getting paid in a new way for that process technology leadership. As we get out to 22 nanometer, as we get out to 14 nanometer, what you're going to see is we're going to bring capabilities to the process technology more quickly than we have historically. And so we'll intercept 22 nanometer with our smartphone roadmap, with our netbook roadmap earlier in the technology, we'll ramp our core business more quickly so we get into these kind of square wave transitions. And then get paid for that performance and cost by having the leadership over the rest of the industry.
Stacy Smith: Could we run into some shortages? We're running I'd call it in the healthy range of utilization. So as we said before, not too hot, not too cold. Certainly on the chipset side of the business as we had responded to the Cougar Point issue, we ramped very quickly there. But I'd say in general, we're not anticipating shortages. And I think we have the ability to respond. If demand ends up being hotter, we can put the capacity in place. And frankly, if we end up in a situation where demand ends up being less, I think you saw in 2009, we now have the tools to respond very quickly to that kind of environment. So I think we can respond to both sides of that equation as we get into the second half and into 2012.
Stacy Smith: The elephant looks very different depending on which part you're looking at. If it's an emerging market part, it looks pretty good. If it's mature market Europe, it looks tough.
Stacy Smith: And just to give you 1 other tidbit to give you a flavor, more than 50% of my CPU inventory now is Sandy Bridge. So you can -- that kind of gives you a sense of how fast we're replacing the older generation products with Sandy Bridge. And gives you a good indication of what things will look like over the next couple of quarters.
Stacy Smith: No, it's something else. So as you do the walk from Q1 to Q2, I'll just take you through the full walk. So obviously, we got 3 points of benefit because we don't repeat the Cougar Point impact that's in Q1. We see about 1.5, then it offsets that because it will be the peak quarter in terms of our startup cost. If you think about the trends we've shown you over the years, Q2 is where -- Q2 of an odd-number of years is where those startup costs will peak and then they come down. There's about a point as you pointed out in unit costs. There's really 2 things driving that. 1 is that we're seeing a little bit of an increase in some of our component costs, so think of substrates made in Japan where our supply lines got a little bit tight. So we're seeing a little bit of a pricing impact on those kinds of things. And then we're also again as a result of what happened with Cougar Point, we pulled in the ramp of our China factory pretty significantly. And so what you see is more chipsets coming out of a new factory that's ramping, and that's driving my weighted average cost up a little bit in Q2. And in the ASP pieces, and I realize I have a little bit of a credibility issue on forecasting ASP right now given it was up again in Q1, but we had a very rich mix in Q1. As Paul pointed out, the way Sandy Bridge ramped was at the higher parts of the pricing stack first. Over the course of Q2, we'll see Sandy Bridge flavors across a much more representative series of price points. And I'd expect the Q2 mix to come down a bit and be more in line with what we would normally expect. It's not huge, it's 0.5 point of gross margin. But it does come down a little bit.
Stacy Smith: Well, we've articulated the priorities in terms of how we -- our cash priorities as first investing in our business. Second, the dividends. Third, using the buyback to return cash to shareholders and bring down the cash levels. I think you see that we've been very aggressive in terms of all of those in Q1. You do have to keep in mind we have brought down the cash balances quite a bit. But you could temper that by pointing to the fact that in the first quarter, we announced that the board authorized an incremental $10 billion of buyback and we're kind of just at the beginning of that authorization.
Stacy Smith: I think what that analysis misses, Jim, is how much inventory levels came down in the fourth quarter. If you remember in the fourth quarter, we were significantly worse than seasonal, and what we saw in the fourth quarter was a significant bleeding off of inventory, some of which we believe was in anticipation of us bringing out Sandy Bridge. And so component inventories came down, you saw a little bit of a refill of those component inventories in the first quarter. So the amount that it came down, probably half of that went back in, which would be us being above seasonal. When we go out and do our looks across the channel, we see inventory levels being healthy. And I think it really points to the robustness of the supply chain. The people who make motherboards for notebooks brought their builds down. We saw some older generation inventory bleed up. It looks like they're starting to ramp up now they get into the back-to-school season.
Stacy Smith: Jim, I left out 1 piece as you think about Q1. So what Paul said is exactly right. When I talk about Q1 and we're talking about the supply line impact, you also can't lose sight of the fact that for us, Q1 was a 14-week quarter. That's a piece of our shipment numbers relative to what you may be seeing from other data sources.
Stacy Smith: It's not a driver of our CapEx. We are interested in talking to some very specialized companies in terms of doing foundry things. We are not building a broad-based Foundry business and it's not driving our CapEx number.
Stacy Smith: A good example of that was this quarter we brought out UP versions of Sandy Bridge and that caused a pop up in that segment of our business.
Stacy Smith: Certainly not at the level of granularity you're asking the question, but I can give you a sense. From the standpoint of client shipments, you'd say slightly above seasonal, once you net out the 14th week. And again, it comes back to my answer to Jim Covello's question, which is what we saw was an inventory burn in Q4, and a partial refilling in Q1. And that led to units being slightly above seasonal. Going into Q2, you kind of net out the impact of a full quarter of acquisitions with the lack of the 14th week, and you'd say Q2 looks pretty seasonal.
Stacy Smith: Wafers, over time, in generation will grow a little bit faster than the TAM because of the phenomena where I said we're moving more capabilities to end. And so -- and then I think your follow-up question to that should be, "So okay, what happens if we get that wrong?" If we're wrong on the demand, how do we respond to the market? And I point back to what -- the capability we have to very quickly roll forward capacity from 1 generation to the next. And I think you saw that from us in 2009 when the bottom fell out of the market, we were able to bring our CapEx number way down, offset over half of the 32-nanometer investment by repurposing equipment we'd already purchased for 45 nanometer. So if we overestimate, we can respond within a couple of quarters and get gross margins back up into the healthy range pretty quickly. The flipside is if we underestimate, it takes us 2 years to recover. And that's a devastating financial impact on us. So we look at this as being a pretty -- it's a high ROI investment for us, and we have the tools to modulate it, if it comes to that.
Stacy Smith: Q2 is clearly elevated from what I put up in the Analyst Day, and then you'll see a pretty rapid decline back towards trend over Q3 and Q4. And you can kind of see that, I mean if you look at just gross margin trend, we're 61 61. This is on a GAAP basis. The annual number is 63. And so that would suggest that the second half is back up towards the mid-60s, 65%. And you got a couple of tailwinds there, 1 is the abatement of startup cost. We start on the trend where they start falling off stream in Q3, and our costs get a little bit better as we go into the second half of this year consistent with what I showed at the Investor Meeting.
Stacy Smith: Yes, I'm trying to triangulate it in my head. It hasn't changed for the year. When I started the year, I was expecting to be about 3 points. It's still about 3 points on the year. So yes, I think what you're seeing is it was a little less in Q1, a little more in Q2. And then it starts coming down. You can see it's down 1.5 by the time we get to Q2. A little higher in Q1, and yes, so what you said was correct.
Paul Otellini: And in terms of characteristics, Glen, I just point out that my comment on the channel strength for Sandy Bridge is principally emerging markets. Most -- something like 1/3 of all the PCs sold in emerging markets are not branded machines, their white boxes built by the channel through our distribution network worldwide. We saw strength on Sandy Bridge and even strengthened the Desktop business, which we haven't seen for some time based upon that product in those markets. And of course, those markets are still surging in terms of purchasing notebooks. It's not a low-end mix, I'd also add. It's a pretty average mix of products on a worldwide basis.
Paul Otellini: On the revolutionary comment, you're right. You picked that up, Glen. I actually thought I was at the first 1 at Intel to use that, so. I thought I’d embargo [indiscernible] a few times already. Well, it's not inaccurate, but I'm afraid it's only meant to be a teaser today. We'll be disclosing that technology in early May before the Analyst Meeting. We're having a separate press event around that. And I think when you hear that announcement, you'll understand why this phrase is appropriate.
Paul Otellini: Well, you'll see quite a bit of tablet demonstration to Computex. If you notice what we did at IDF in Beijing last week, that was -- there were a lot of tablet-centric announcements there around MeeGo and Windows and Android. And so we're heads down on a number of designs on tablets on all 3 of those operating systems where we see the Android code, Honeycomb version of Android source code from Google, and we're actively doing the port on that and expect to be able to ramp those machines over the course of this year for a number of customers. In terms of phones, obviously, we lost Nokia, which took a lot of wind out of the sales for phones this year. We've redirected those resources onto a number of other major accounts, focusing on carriers who want their own devices and also on handset manufacturers. They're all based on Medfield, which is, I think, still the first 32-nanometer phone apps processor in the industry. And quite frankly, the limit in terms of them getting to market is going to be the interoperability testing of the networks at this point in time. So I think I would be very disappointed if you didn't see Intel-based phones for sale 12 months from now.
Paul Otellini: They're all over the map. Right now, Gartner's at 11% for the year and IDC, I think, is at 6% or 7%. And I gave you our number, which is the low-double digits. So there are some that we agree with and some that don't. And I think as normally happens when we release our results and when our competition releases theirs and they integrate all the data, they revise the forecasts.
Paul Otellini: It's both. It's both. Early customer activity is on Android and on MeeGo. And we've got ports on both those operating systems. The product is very good in terms of performance, particularly in the area for media, so high depth video replay, that kind of thing on phones. And the power is right smack dab in the envelope you want it to be.
Paul Otellini: Sure, sure, Uche. First of all, we recognized this group has had pretty phenomenal growth across all of its various product groups. So what we've decided to do for the Analyst Meeting is do a deep dive for all of you guys and we'll do a full, if you will, keynote session on that, breaking out all the detail on how we see the server market, the market for Xeon-class devices today and tomorrow. But if you look at traditional servers, you're right. We're outgrowing the traditional enterprise server market by a factor of 2 or 3. And as we look forward, by 2014 for example, we think half of the market for Xeon is high-performance computing and cloud. That's a dramatic change from 80% of the market being enterprise servers just a couple of years ago. So when you look at the rate of growth of HPC, of clouds, of the nominal growth in servers, and then the conversion of other parts of the data center, that is networking equipment and storage, from proprietary designs principally now to fundamentally Intel-based designs, you see an aggregate growth rate that is really representative of, I think, all the growth in the Internet. And all these devices connect to these servers or these network machines 1 way or another. And this is where we're benefiting quite well. So you see -- on 1 side you watch the growth of tablets and smartphones. This is where the rubber hits the road for those devices is in data centers around the world.
Paul Otellini: I don't think we want to get into characterizing various specific customers, Chris. Some of them have their own issues. But let me just say that I think that those who are more enterprise-centric than those who are focused on consumer markets, particularly in Western Europe and the U.S., are seeing numbers that are closer to ours than closer to what yours were.
Paul Otellini: I don't think we want to get into that level of granularity, David. I can tell you that unit shipments on Sandy Bridge will more than double from Q1 to Q2. And it is our fastest ramp ever for new processor family. And you'll see it move from the high-end throughout, sprinkling down through all of our products families over the course of the year. It's a very, very rapid ramp.
Paul Otellini: I assume you mean corporate PCs, Srini. We're seeing -- obviously on the corporate side, we're seeing good growth in the data center. Yes, on the -- we saw, I think I said that sort of mid-last year, we started seeing the enterprise market start to recover from the recession timeframe. And the most recent data we have is that something like 75% of enterprise PCs are still running Win XP. And so if you think about a 3 to 4 year refresh cycle, we're probably not even halfway through that cycle yet. And I think that the adoption of Win7 seems to be pretty strong and the combination of the Win7 SKUs with Sandy Bridge as we look forward into Q2 and Q3 look really good from our customers' perspective.
Paul Otellini: Well, let me back up, Jim. The comments that I made relative to third-party data and ours were on an annual basis, looking at year-over-year, trying to set the granularity for the year. And I didn't comment on the specific comments that were written up recently on Q1, it was x% down from Q4, x% down year-on-year. Because that looks at consumption, and what Stacy was talking about is our billings. And there is a bit of a difference there, at least in the ramp up for Sandy Bridge. So really, it's apples and oranges. And I think what our experience is that on an annual basis, the numbers are closer. Our numbers are closer than theirs together. It's closer together. And that they correct over the course of the year to be aligned. You saw that happen last year as we were predicting 17%, 18% all year long, the numbers were all much lower than that. Then they came back in line as we got to the fourth quarter.
Paul Otellini: Yes. We don't see any abatement in that trend of transistor performance, and that news you'll year in detail in a couple of weeks.
Paul Otellini: After we'd launched the new MP server chips, the mix came up a little bit. We're seeing a pretty robust growth in BP as well. A lot of the Internet data center growth is BP machines in some of those configurations. On the other hand, some of our largest IDC customers are using the biggest, beefiest parts we have. So it really is different. I haven't seen this ship dramatically in the last couple of years. There's just a nice consistent mix of DP versus MP. But the capability of all the devices really is stunning. The amount of compute power that we're delivering per core now is really what is delivering a lot of the value in a very power-efficient envelope. So the ROI on upgrading from old to new servers is really what is compelling both for enterprise and data center -- enterprise and Internet Data Center.
Paul Otellini: Well, I'm not going to give you more granularity on Mobile than I gave already in the earlier answer, Avik, so sorry to disappoint you there. Watch those things as they come out. Our customers will announce the design wins when they are through their interoperability testing or entering it when it becomes visible. And I don't want to add more to that. In terms of x86 versus ARM, it is not just about the core as much as we would like it to be, and I guess as much as the ARM guys would like it to be. It's about the core, the overall capability of the system on Chip, the things you put around it, the graphics, the com subsystems, the media processing subsystems and the overall power envelope relative to the performance that you can deliver of the SoC. So the Intel advantage that we see going forward is the combination of very robust computer architecture that can scale, the ability to bring on very high performance graphics and media processing, and now a wide array of comps architectures that we can bring in, and taking advantage of the world's best silicon. When you add those together, I think it gives us a very strong value proposition in this market. I'd also point out that all of the major operating systems in phones and smartphones are written at a high-level such as they're cross-platform and portable. And so it is easier for people to move from ARM to Intel or ARM to ARM than it has been in the past in the Windows.
Paul Otellini: I think it's a little bit of everything, plus you mentioned Win7 saturation for consumers, the tablet things and macroeconomics. I think it's a little bit of each of those, John. But I'll add 1 more, which I think is a big one. Remember in 2009 in the first half of '10, during the depths of the recession, the consumer notebook market worldwide, particularly in the U.S. and Western Europe, was very strong and it was strong contrary to GDP at the time. Remember GDP was going south and consumer sales were going north. And I think what happened is that people bought a lot of machines in that timeframe and we're still just early in the cycle. So those machines are 1.5 years old or less. And so seeing a consumer refresh right now probably isn't, on average, what you're going to see in mature markets. Because this is not like emerging markets where people are buying their first machine. This is a mature environment where people are buying a new machine when they decide that they need to upgrade or whatever. Now clearly some tablet cannibalization is impacting that, but I think the bigger 1 is that macroeconomics and the prior cycle.
Paul Otellini: I don't think it has to happen. Our forecast that we're building the year around assumes that we have a seasonal year from the point we're out in Q1. So it doesn't assume that there's a big change at this point in time. Could we handle 1 on the upside? Absolutely. But we don't need this -- we aren't building that into our numbers.
Paul Otellini: I don't have an update, simply because I didn't hear the final number from IDF, and we'll do another number count at Computex. Actually, we'll do another number count on May 17 for the Analyst Meeting -- it's 35 or so. It's in that range, it hasn't changed. My sense is the bulk of the unit, the SKUs this year will be Android.
