Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. Hey. Thank you for the question, Harlan. And overall as I said on the call, we are seeing very good progress on the 7-nanometer team. They are executing now. We are very confident with the changes that we made on that and the move to really embrace EUV and since we have done that we have just seen superb execution. And as I said in the unleashed event, we expect to move to a yearly cadence or better for our process technology, and we are going to be laying that path out very clearly. We are excited about our team’s ability to get us back to process parity and ultimately to sustained leadership yet again. And I am very happy with the team and some of the investments we are making. The hiring of Sanjay Natarajan that we talked about, the team is getting fired up to execute on that. We also see, this is just one piece of our technology leadership strategy and as we have seen in the IDM 2.0 strategy, it’s about packaging. It’s about the process. It’s about the full set of IP that we are bringing to the table and at-scale manufacturing and I will say some of the early enthusiasm that we have seen from some of the foundry customer pipeline is really bringing together our packaging technology with the full IDM 2.0 strategy. So, overall, getting back to the heart of your question, exactly. We are going to increase the cadence of our process technology innovations. We are seeing very positive signs since we made this change and we are on track to parity and again sustained leadership out in the future. Our team is firing on all cylinders and I am excited about what we are seeing as we monitor those milestones very rigorously going forward. This team is on fire and we are executing.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. Overall, let’s just paint the picture a little bit more broadly, C.J. and thanks for the question. On the IDM 2.0 strategy, we are all about making leading edge capacity available for our foundry customers. And the world needs more leading edge capacity and there’s very few companies that can supply it around the world. So we are seeing a lot of enthusiasm for that. It’s going to cause us to build and expand our capacity more aggressively. And as you suggest, it also means we have a better monetization on the longer life cycle of the foundry business and we are planning on getting to foundry kind of margins with that investment. Now, as we have already begun engaging with customers, we have seen enthusiasm, right? We have seen enthusiasm that they get to design on our leading process technology and they have more choices for where that might be coming from. We are also seeing enthusiasm for this idea that they can bring some of their IP and bring our IP to the table, and in particular some of the cloud customers have been very excited about that ability to say, hey, I can take some of my cool ideas and be better optimized and including things like x86 Cores to have a more optimized solution for their market requirements. This is compelling for them. And then we combine that with all the other strengths that we have talked about such as at-scale manufacturing and in a supply constrained environment like we are in right now, boy, that’s bringing enthusiasm from customers. Also, we get to do that with all of the other assets that we have with packaging, our software technology. We think this is a strategy that will be very powerful for the industry and we have seen that response from early customers, the EDA tool chains, the IP suppliers. This is really hit the right time in the industry. And we are seeing the international aspects as well as the government aspect saying, yeah, we need a more geographically disbursed resilient supply chain for something that’s critical to the future of humanity and semiconductor technology. This is the right strategy for the right time and we are seeing great response from it.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. And overall, Stacy, I’d just add it’s about building leadership products. Ice Lake is a great product and we are seeing a strong ramp for it. As the products get better, ASPs will get better and then we are going to be very aggressive in terms of market share in this area. So we feel like we are now very much on the front foot again in this business and we are starting to see the market respond that way. And with some of the things that we have talked about with Ice Lake in particular and our Sapphire Rapids program following up, we are on a good competitive dynamic and we are leaning into this area of our business and we are seeing great response from our customers.
Pat Gelsinger: Exactly that. Aggressive on market share, we are going to fight for every socket in the market. This is an area that is core to our business. We are going to be aggressive. We have just delivered a great new product for it. We are going to be using our system design, our validation, our software assets, our customer relationships, our supply chain, everything that we can to bring value to our customers. They are looking for us, building on that 100 million install base of servers that we have now. This is a great business and one that we are going to be very aggressive in bringing the best things to our customers. And I’d also say, Stacy that, as you think about this business, this is an area that with our cloud partners, our IDM 2.0 strategy is powerful. Now we are saying to them not only are we going to be building better and better products for you in this area. But we are also going to be co-designing, co-innovating and bringing new capabilities for them to optimize solutions for their markets as well. Yes, we are going to be aggressive in the data center and cloud business going forward. 
Pat Gelsinger: So, at the highest level, I will just say, we work intimately with these customers, right? Our people are in their environments, we are working supply chains, we are building forecasts with them, we know what their inventory levels are. These are very intimate relationships. So I’d just say at that level, we are confident when we speak that what they are doing and what we are going to see in the future and how they are digesting and deploying the products that we delivered to them last year are now ramping in and becoming instances they are selling and services they are selling as well. I will say because of that intimate relationship that we have. We are quite confident in those comments. Like we said, as we see the sequential growth, we expect that across the business. We see that at networking, we see that at enterprise and government and we see that at cloud as well. We do see some of the elements that we talked about with respect to some of them exploring some of their own design work, and I will just say with that, we are very close to that. Those are fairly modest overall in terms of their volume so far. And as I mentioned in the last question, this is an area that the IDM 2.0 strategy, the Intel Foundry Services is powerful and the response that we have seen from those customers saying, wow, now we can co-innovate without doing all the work of creating a new architectural point in the cloud environment, this is powerful and something that we think is uniquely going to help us to navigate them to an answer that is much more favorable for them as well as for us and we are off to a great start.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. And I’d just add to that from some of the things building on the unleashed announcement in March, right? Yeah, this is a good market, $100 billion foundry market, a huge emphasis in that for leading-edge capacity which we are uniquely suited to give. And I’d say competitors aren’t able to catch up with demand in this area and factories take a long time to build. And we are clearly, as George has laid out, this is something that the optionality helps our existing business, as well as our foundry business.  Finally, the characteristics of the foundry business for somebody like us, it’s a good business. Not only is it large, but it has good margin characteristics and we expect that we are going to be able to produce good returns over the long-term. And as we think about this, again, we go back. The world needs more semiconductor capacity. It wants a more balanced supply chain. We are seeing industry say that, we are seeing governments say that and we are uniquely positioned to fulfill that.
Pat Gelsinger: Right. I mean, this is where we are building out the IDM 2.0 strategy, we are getting our product roadmap back in shape. Leadership products produce leadership margins and as we see as we go through the year, we have opportunities for supply, right? As we drive revenues, if we are overachieving, and as George said in his prepared remarks, if we overachieve on supply, we will see revenue, we will see gross margin improvements and leadership products as we are committing to on our roadmap over time, we will get us back to leadership margins.  So, overall, this is pivotal and we are well underway, right, in making that turn to have I will say Intel is back, right, with the kind of products, right, the kind of growth that you would expect to want to see from us.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. Hey. Thanks for the question, Pierre. I think it’s a good question. And to some degree, I’d say, we don’t know, right? We are in this phase where we are beginning to engage with customers. We have a good pipeline of customers that fit in both of those buckets, right? Definitely some of the cloud customers particularly interested in where they can comingle or create I will say hybrid design some of their IP with some of our IP. And then we have a very rich pipeline of customers really across pretty much every segment of the industry, communications providers, auto makers, et cetera, that would fit into the second bucket where it’s much more about them using us as a world-class foundry for all of their designs. I will say, we view this as a very, I will say, right, broad set of customers that we are aiming at with a broad set of IP. And as we get IP for the Risk 5, the ARM ecosystem and the x86 ecosystem, our value proposition to customers is across that spectrum where they don’t need to decide ours versus theirs. They get to design with that full spectrum. The other thing I would say, Pierre, is, we are also seeing extreme interest in our packaging technologies. And here it might be a tile from Samsung or TSMC being combined with a tile from Intel, right? And those might be on older process technologies, newer process technologies, and taking advantage of our world-class packaging and assembly test technologies. So we really see that full spectrum coming to bear and it really is that combination of world-class foundry, world-class IP, world-class assembly package and test that we think gives us a unique proposition in the industry, and so far, the enthusiasm is very high for that offering. G And Pierre, I would add as you talked about the two different alternatives, one of the things to remember is that if you look at our internal roadmap, people are used to seeing a highly differentiated and very specific to Intel set of IP capabilities. We have said over time that, it’s very clear that we are going to be adopting more and more of the industry ecosystem IPs and libraries, because it makes sense to do it. And it makes sense in terms of cycle time, in terms of taking advantage of capabilities that already exist out there. So we are closing -- we are not going to -- when we intercept on some of these nodes, we are not going to be as far away, I think, as people might think, in terms of being able to demonstrate a lot of knowledge around many of the IP blocks that our customers depend on today.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. Let me just add to that. I think it’s a great point, George, because, every IP that I generate from the industry increases the IP available to my internal design teams. Every piece of IP I develop internally is going to be made available to the industry, right, for their use as well. This becomes a powerful reinforcing siren cycle, right? Also we are being benchmarked against the industry for our process technology as we move to industry standard PBKs, right? We are seeing strong embrace from the EDA suppliers. So we see all of this as it makes our process better, it makes our product better, it increases our efficiency and takes our clock rate of innovation up with the industry. It’s a powerful strategy.
Pat Gelsinger: The simple answer to the last part of the question is, yes. That’s what we just announced, right? X86 cores will be available on our foundry services and available for people to design with them. So that will include the cloud service providers to take advantage of that. So the simple answer is, yes. And we do believe that the ability for our customers to take advantage of x86 this way will be a meaningful shift in how people think about ARM versus x86. Because part of it was we weren’t giving them the flexibility to design to comingle IP as I have described it. So they really -- they were trying to do unique design work. They didn’t have a good x86 choice. We gave them our standard products which have lots of capabilities but particularly for the cloud guy and say, boy, I don’t use those particular features. I really could optimize with the few of these other things in the network and the memory hierarchy and now we are saying absolutely come on in and we are opening the doors of our IP, the doors of our leading process and packaging technologies, to be able to say let’s do this together or let them do their own designs in our foundry as well. It’s a very powerful strategy that I think will be a meaningful shift in the exact question that you asked. Overall, we do think that making the x86 available this way is powerful. There are trillion lines of code that have been optimized for the x86. This is a powerful ecosystem that continues to have very great innovation and capabilities associated with it. And we are enhancing that with new capabilities like AI being integrated into the core instruction set of the new products as you saw with Ice Lake. These are powerful differentiators. We are continuing to innovate and the ecosystem is excited about what we are doing in our standard products, as well as what we are making available through IDM 2.0.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. I think we could spend an hour on that question. So let me try to be quick here for it. The response from Ice Lake has been very strong. Early ramp is very strong, obviously, with the platform change, that does put a bit more work on the part of the customers, but we have been working through that with them, good response to that as well. And as your question suggests, I mean, clearly, it would be better if we weren’t bringing a new platform transition with Sapphire Rapids as well. But there are so many good things in that platform that the customers are excited about, new PCI, new DVR, and probably, most seminally is the new CXL launch, right, as part of that. And I will tell you opening up, right, that additional interface on the platform has gotten tremendous support from the industry, new capabilities, co-processor capabilities, memory pooling capabilities, really has been maybe the most exciting new platform capability since the PCI gen when we introduced that quite a number of years ago. So a lot of excitement about that and particularly for cloud customers who have -- I have seen their memory portion of their TCO cost rise quite rapidly. There’s a lot of enthusiasm in that area of the platform.  So I’d say, overall, yeah, we would have probably liked to have less platform transitions in this. But so far the response from customers is they are going through those transitions with us, they are seeing value in those transitions. And particularly as I say as we look out to the Sapphire Rapids generation, there’s a lot of value there with some of the major, major enhancements that are part of that. Obviously as we look further out in time, having more platform stability in the architecture, I think, is something that we are striving for. But I think as we lay out the 2023, 2024, 2025 roadmap direction to the industry, you will start to see that theme much more seminally, right, centered in the roadmap. Also I think as we get all aspects of our core leadership, our vector AI leadership, process leadership, all of those start to come into play. I think we will see a very nice view of how that platform architecture lays out over time.
Pat Gelsinger: Well, hey, first, I just want to again say thank you to everybody for joining my first call back as the CEO of VMware. One opportunity -- one last opportunity to say Intel is back. We are firing on all cylinders. Our best days are ahead of us. We are investing for the future, we are executing and we are just getting started. Look forward to our next quarterly call with you.
George Davis: Yeah. I would say, really if you think about the impact year-over-year in the first quarter, more than half of it was just the fact that we are comparing the bottom -- what we now believe to be the bottom of the digestion phase with a very, very strong Q1. The other piece is our investment is going up in this space. This is clearly, we are -- as we made progress on 7-nanometer, you are starting to see 7-nanometer costs reflected that weren’t there year-over-year. That’s a good thing. That gets much better over time. Also, almost on the same scale, we have increased OpEx to drive the Xeon roadmap even harder in line with some of the things that Pat was talking about. And then finally, you also have -- this is a start-up of the 10-nanometer generation for server and so you are starting to see the initial cost impacts on that. We are already seeing very strong 10-nanometer cost improvements in the client side of the business. Some of that is obviously helping DCG today, but it’s going to -- they have got some work still to go through as they start to ramp their mix from 14-nanometer to 10-nanometer.
George Davis: It was -- you have got a lot higher relative mix of SoCs and whatnot in there. When you are down on revenue, all those mix comparisons get tougher and you are down on the strongest margin mix area.
George Davis: Yeah. So I think let me just clarify, Stacy. So the lower revenue includes the ASP and volume effect compared to what we were seeing in the first quarter of last year. So that’s what was over half of it. I would say the remaining was split between the factory start-up costs that I talked about, higher OpEx, since we are talking about operating margin, and then just the unit cost impact of ramping 10-nanometer relative to what they saw year-over-year. And when we think about the second half of the year on the overall margin, we think you are seeing -- going to see some margin impacts actually from the supply situation impacting the mix and the volume that we are going to see out of client. Again, the 7-nanometer start-up costs ramp throughout the year. So that’s probably the next biggest factor and then a little bit offset by the fact that we are going to see server start to recover.
George Davis: Hey. Hey, John, one thing I would add, we are going to see growth in all three of the major areas in data center, but the standout grower in Q2 is going to be cloud.
George Davis: Yeah and thanks for the question. We are clearly going to cover a lot of those details at our Analyst Day, which will be much more forward-looking. And as you know, the investment cycles are for foundry are long. Not only does it take time to qualify customers, also capacity additions take a certain period of time. What we are doing to be nimble is, investing aggressively in the build-out of shelf, which will give us -- and Arizona is a very good example of that where, first off, we have been chasing demand for certainly since I have been here and for a number of years. And the idea being we have got to have more optionality to respond to the market both for foundry and also for our core market which we cannot fulfill today.  And so, what you will see from us is really building in that optionality. So you would expect capital to be up somewhat reflecting that. That will have some impact on free cash flow. But we also -- we have a good growth forecast and which helps obviously with growth of cash from operations. And so, overall, I think, the investment cycle for this will be logical as we lay it out. The types of returns you can get will be an investment phase for sure for the next two years to three years. But then you start to see customer demand starting to balance out the investment.
George Davis: Yeah. First off, we are probably not going to be able to forecast 2022 and beyond on this call. We will certainly give you an idea of what margins will look like over time at Analyst Day. But for the remainder of the year, as I talked about, the first half, second half dynamics are really, we are in a supply constrained environment and client and it’s constrained in a way that exposes us to more small core than we would -- than our higher ASP and higher margin products. The other piece is the 7-nanometer start-up, which I talked about, which is a good factor. This is really the showing the readiness of both the process and products to move forward on 7-nanometer. We will get some help because we will see strong recovery from server. Some of that is muted a little bit, because there -- this is really where they are ramping the 10-nanometer off of 14, which was a very mature node and so it won’t be quite as rich as we would expect. But I feel good about where we can drive margins over the long run. You are not going to see material impacts this year from the IFS activities. Obviously, we will be making some investments. But those investments are for the next year or two really are critical just to meet -- most of that investment is critical just to meet the increasing demand that we see on client.
George Davis: We will -- it will depend really on what the multiyear capital picture looks like. So we will have to wait and discuss that when we are ready to give a multiyear picture.
George Davis: Yeah. First off, the $500 million was not spread. It was in other revenue. So all in one place. On -- in terms of the CapEx, yes, we had basically eight weeks or more of capital push out just because of the pandemic. It really affected the construction activities. And as you know, it continues to be challenging. But that was probably the biggest factor that we saw last year. So maybe $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion you could argue is really just catching up with where we were behind from last year and so you could add both that to our free cash flow estimates for the year and also you could bring down the CapEx requirements for this year. So I think the $20 billion for this year is a good number and we will talk more about next year later.
