Robert Holmes Swan: Yeah first, I think that the progress we made has been a team sport. And as I indicated in the prepared remarks, we're down 700 basis points from 2015. And during that timeframe, it's not been at the expense of R&D. It's on the contrary, R&D has grown $1.4 billion during that timeframe. So really the underlying dynamics is we've made trade-offs to invest in higher growth segments of the business. That growth is in fact accelerating. And from that accelerating growth, we've been extremely disciplined on getting leverage on our SG&A, and we've exited some what I'd characterize non-core businesses. During the course of this year, we exited Wind River. We reduced our investments in wearables products, and we exited the Saffron business as well. So as we go forward, we're going to continue to increase R&D, and we're going to increase it in the areas that we think can generate differentiated growth for us. And from that growth, we expect to continue to get leverage as we go into 2019.
Robert Holmes Swan: First, John, as we mentioned earlier, we were caught off guard a little bit this year by explosive growth well ahead of what our expectations were back in the beginning of the year, and that growth came from all different segments of the business. It put us in the unfortunate situation of constraining some of the demand signals that we were seeing from the market and our customer base. In conjunction with our customers, our teams have done an outstanding job in the third quarter and we project into the fourth quarter, and that has enabled us to increase our revenue outlook for the year by $1.7 billion. But I think as we go into the fourth quarter, given the demand signals we continue to see across the business, we in fact will be constraining growth. Our focus has been prioritizing, in conjunction with our customers, Xeon and Core processors. And therefore by definition, the lower end of PC and the IoT business is being constrained. So we are in a constraint scenario into the fourth quarter, both at low-end PC and IoT. As we go into next year and the timing, we've put a lot of capital to work this year. It's a record year for CapEx for us at $15.5 billion. It's $1.5 billion higher than what we expected entering the year, and we have taken some of our 10-nanometer equipment and tools and began to blow that back to meet the increased demand for 14. So we're working extremely hard to get back on track in 2019. But at this stage of the game, given the demand signals we've seen in fourth quarter, we're going to be constrained a little bit. And we're trying to prioritize best as we can with our customers.
Robert Holmes Swan: I think on CapEx at the macro level, as we think into 2019, we expect logic CapEx to likely be a little higher, and memory CapEx, despite building self-sufficiency on Optane, to be a little bit lower. So at the macro level, those are the dynamics. In terms of how it plays out on overall levels, it's still a work in process, and I'd characterize it, Ambrish, this way. First, it's going to be a function of growth. As we get clearer around what growth looks like in 2019 for 14-nanometer, that will impact what the overall CapEx level is. Secondly, we've made some good progress on 10-nanometer yields over the course of the last six months. And as we progress through the fourth quarter and into 2019, if we're further ahead on 10-nanometer yields, that will influence the amount of CapEx next year. Third, our progress on 7-nanometer, how well we progress on 7-nanometer also will influence how we think about CapEx. And last but not least, as it relates to memory, it's more the customer quals and adoption of our leading-edge 3D NAND 96-layer product. As we continue to make progress on developing that, we may deploy that capital, and that pays for itself very quickly. So as we sit here today, CapEx, I expect logic to be up, memory to be down. And as we look at those four things, all which I'd characterize as being good things if we make progress on all four of those, that will influence the rate of CapEx spend next year. So we'll try to provide you a little more analytical color versus that qualitative color in January.
Robert Holmes Swan: Joe, I think as you saw from the IDC and Gartner folks, growth for PC TAM in the quarter probably around 1%. Our guess is it was probably a little bit stronger than that, 1% to 2% growth. And within that, we delivered 6% unit growth, so real strong unit growth and again good ASP momentum. I would say in Q3, largely a function of customer collaboration in our fabs, I don't think we were too terribly constrained on the PC side, to be honest with you. I think as we're going into Q4 is where I think the constraints are impacting us a little bit more. So I don't think ASPs or supply constraints really benefit. We did not benefit from higher ASPs nor were we constrained in terms of unit growth in the quarter. It's more a fourth quarter thing where demand signals remain relatively strong. And as you saw from our guide, while it's good year-on-year growth, it's relatively flat overall on Q3 to Q4. And PCs, low-end PCs and IoT will be impacted as we see the demand signals at this stage of the game.
Robert Holmes Swan: It's a great question. I think at the aggregate level, there is what I'd maybe characterize as some decent tailwinds as we exit the year and then go into 2019, but also some headwinds. The tailwinds, as you know, we've been talking about an expanded TAM where we play a bigger and bigger role in the increased needs for data. That larger TAM and the momentum we're building across all of our products is a pretty good tailwind as we look at just demand for data, whether it's with consumers or with businesses going into the new year. That's a tailwind. Secondly, Murthy mentioned a few of the products that we have coming down the pike in the fourth quarter and going into next year. And those products we believe will deliver more and more performance for our clients, which I'd characterize as a tailwind. And then third, in somewhat of a perverse way, as you know, when PC was 70% of the business and when enterprise was 50-plus percent of the Data Center business and those were declining, it was a headwind for the company's growth. But those more recently have been stable. So whether it's our expanded TAM, our new products, or the mix of our business, we have some tailwinds as we think about 2019. At the same time, to your point, there are some headwinds. And the headwinds first, this has been a fantastic year for us and I think for the industry, and that just makes comps a little bit tougher as we go into next year. Second, we have growing competition. Growing competition can be a headwind for us. And our expectations are we'll deal with that pretty effectively. And third, just global trade, in particular, as you know, China is a big market for us. We've got some important customers there, and it's an important part of our global supply chain. So as this most recent round of tariffs play out, and we're doing a lot of work with our customers to ensure that the global supply chain can be adjusted and adapted to deal with any tariffs that come down the way. But I think it's going to be a wait-and-see as we go into 2019. At this stage of the game, we don't see any impact on 2018's results. And in 2019, we have what I consider a world-class supply chain team that can manage and weather the dynamics of changes in movement of goods better than anybody else in the industry. So I think that would be a competitive advantage for us as we go into next year.
Robert Holmes Swan: I think firstly in terms of growth for next year in the aggregate, we haven't really provided any quantitative color, more qualitative color in terms of the dynamics that we see. That being said, our DCG growth this year is projected to be north of 20%, real strong through the first three quarters of the year. The fourth quarter we expect really solid demand. But it's on a much tougher comp because fourth quarter last year was a great quarter for the DCG business. As we go into next year, we've got – Murthy highlighted we've got a good product roadmap of expanded features for Cascade Lake as we exit this year, Cooper Lake middle of next year. And we have a much more diverse business now, with obviously cloud has been a big accelerant for us. I don't expect that it will grow at 50% forever. 50% was our cloud growth in the quarter. But at the same time, our comms and networking business growth has been accelerating quite a bit, and the stability we've seen in enterprise and government has really helped. So I think next year, we have a much more diverse business. We've got a good product lineup, and we'll provide a little more color as we get into January, but outstanding year this year for Data Center, both top line and bottom line.
Robert Holmes Swan: Yeah, great question. First, a little color on Q3, and then a walk from Q3 to Q4 dynamics. As we highlighted in the materials, almost 66% gross margin in the quarter is as high as it's been for a very long time, and it was a function of a few things: one, continued volume leverage with full factories; two, ASPs both on the client side and on the data center side. And those were partially offset by platform costs going up and changing mix, growth of our modem and memory business. So those are the four dynamics that played out during the course of the quarter. I would say 66% was artificially high, and I'd say that for a couple reasons. One, we had, in the NSG business, we earned a government incentive that was from scaling our fabs outside the U.S. So that incentive was worth about $110 million, so a bit of a one-timer that we don't expect to repeat itself. Secondly, sell-through of product either, on the CPU side, we are working with our customers and shaping demand to where we had inventory. We had good sell-through for some inventory that was previously partially reserved. And then second on our modem growth, our explosive modem growth in the quarter, we PRQ'd that product in the third quarter, so we got the benefit of previously fully reserved inventory. So what all that means when you adjust for one-timers, the 66% is closer to 64% in terms of a normalized basis going into the fourth quarter. Our guide in the fourth quarter, to your question, is 62%. So there's really three dynamics that we see playing out in the fourth quarter. One, we expect ASPs to be better. And that's going to be a little bit of a function of the prioritization of Xeon and Core processors, which are higher ASP mix, so we expect that to benefit us. But at the same time, there's three other things as we go into fourth quarter that I'd characterize as really good things, but will have an impact on our gross margin. One is ramping 10-nanometer. We're making good progress on 10-nanometer. Yields are improving, and that's giving us the confidence to in effect turn on more equipment and incur the depreciation cost associated with that. So that will impact our Q3 to Q4 gross margins. And it's a function of the progress we're making on 10-nanometer. Second, memory continues to grow, good 21% growth in the third quarter. We expect it to continue to grow in the fourth quarter. And that has, our NAND business has been profitable during the course of the year but not at the gross margins of our logic business. And then third, we're experiencing explosive growth on modem with some really good share gains. And the modem product is also – the combination of memory and modem are accretive to our year-on-year earnings growth but dilutive to our gross margins. So that's the Q3 adjusted gross margin going into Q4 will likely cost us roughly a couple points. As we then step back and think about 2019, we see those same dynamics playing out, primarily 14-nanometer volume, so continued good yield, unit cost performance on 14-nanometer. We don't expect ASPs to be dramatically better in an increasingly competitive environment, but we don't expect them to be much worse. 10-nanometer costs will ramp, and we do expect to continue to grow memory and modem that will be accretive to earnings but a little dilutive to gross margin. So again, a fairly long-winded walk from what drove Q3. The goodness operationally of what will happen to Q4 gross margins has been our comfort that 2019 will be modest degradation. But when coupled with the leverage on our operating expense, our operating margins will be roughly flat in the 34% range.
Robert Holmes Swan: We haven't really given a timeline for 7-nanometer, so to say it's ramping earlier would be a little bit of a stretch. But we've been investing in EUV for a while, and we've obviously been investing in 7-nanometer. And when we step back and think about CapEx for next year, again, it's a function of growth on 14-nanometer. It's a function of the rate in which we scale 10-nanometer, and it's a function of investments we make to begin to prove out 7-nanometer in a more meaningful way. So those are just the dynamics that we're looking at and thinking about as we get closer to giving you a more definitive guide for CapEx in 2019.
