Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, John, and thanks for the comments on a great finish to a great year. So as we look at the DCG business, we just say we started out behind early in the year digestion. And we've sort of been catching up and building momentum in the cloud piece of that business all year long. And we do see that momentum carrying into next year. So that creates some of the year-on-year quarterly compares that you described. E&G, really a tremendous second half and a really strong Q4 for that business where we have higher market share and have seen just a great environment. What we're hearing from our customers is that the momentum in E&G continues in the next year with very strong backlog positions, and it would have been even stronger had it not been for other supply constraints and match sets that we see. And as you may have heard me talk about before, we don't see everything going to the cloud. We see this balance of on-prem and cloud-based delivery. And cloud continues to grow faster than on-prem, but workloads continue to grow on-prem. Also, we expect to see an acceleration of edge-based -- and I spoke about this at our innovation conference, where the big story as we get out to 2 or 3 years from now is going to be accelerating edge growth. And that's an area that Intel has a very strong position in the edge, very high market share, leadership platforms in 5G in inference and AI. So overall, we expect to see a very balanced across our portfolio. We do see strength to see growth in our cloud business next year, continued sustainability of E&G. But the real story over the next couple of years we see as explosive edge growth.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you. And 2021 was really good, if not great year, for the PC. And I think most of the forecasts now are coming in estimating about 15% growth last year. As we're seeing IDC, Canalys, modest growth in the market next year. So as you've heard me -- and I think this matches exactly what Sacha said yesterday -- we'll just say a structurally larger market for us for next year and a couple of percent growth in that. So we see that we will be able to have continued growth in our client business. And obviously, with a stronger and stronger product line, we see ourselves in a very good position for our client market share. Now the inventory position is one where we have just been at historically low inventories for an extended period of time, just racing to catch up with demand. And so we would say that some of this is just getting to inventory levels that are even approaching what we consider normal for a business of this size and one that's managing these still significant supply constraints at different areas, power controllers, display led controllers, other aspects of substrates and different component pieces. So a lot of these challenges have really led to, I'll just say, supply issues throughout the customer base. So as we go to next year, we hope to see some of those starting to moderate and turn to a more normal behavior in the industry, in particular, the channel inventory levels, the ones that were essentially zero, right, for almost all of the year. And now we're starting to see just a little bit of build back in that area, which particularly, for our channel and distribution partners, sort of for the first time, giving them something to sell for the whole year. So a lot of response positively there. Overall, we still see that the PC is now becoming this essential part in an increasingly work from home, learn from home environment; Windows 11, a strong upgrade cycle being introduced by that. So a lot of good tailwinds and a great product line. It's going to be a great year for us in the client space.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Your comments sort of dimensionalize it almost right. The key thing to augment what you said is that to be able to put the capital in place in '24, '25, you have to be building the shelves in '22, '23. So that's what we've -- and why, for instance, the Ohio announcement, we said, hey, we are building shelves so that we can fill it with our products and with foundry customers as well. But clearly, when we get to Intel 3 as well as Intel 18A ramps for foundry customers, those capital investments, most of that being back-end loaded, right, when you're putting equipment in place, really ramp up in '24 and '25. But we've got to start building the shelve capacity for those in '22 and '23. Your other comments, we do expect some of the Intel 16 customers that some of those products will start ramping next year. So we do expect some of those design starts that are already underway today to start giving us some revenues for our foundry offerings on Intel 16 in '23. We would expect Intel 3 to start contributing in '24 and Intel 18A in '25 and beyond. So it's sort of that nice ramp. But we've also said, hey, we already have packaging customers, and those revenues have already started in Q4 of this year. And obviously, some of the services, some of these are paid for services as well. So those will start contributing even before then. But overall, the world wants more capacity. The world is looking for leading-edge foundry capabilities. We've seen very strong interest from many different sectors. And I'll just say, across whether it's leading-edge, high-performance computing, mobile customers, industrial customers and clearly, automotive customers, a very broad swath of customers who are interested in the Intel Foundry Services and great momentum that we're seeing.
Pat Gelsinger: And a couple of comments on the longer-term margin picture, as we said, leadership products, when we get to process leadership, right, and the nice cadence for those process technologies, those will become nicely accelerants. And we said that we will see our margins recover in the latter part of the 5-year window that we gave guidance on our last earnings call. So we do see those as contributors, and we'll see our margins rise over time as a result. Additionally, we do expect our long-term margins to be a composite of our foundry business, which will be on the lower end of the margin range that we'll operate the company in and combining that characterization of that at the -- at our investor meeting as well. Further, we'd say, over time, we think we have a structurally superior margin model for our business where I think everybody is seeing acute inflation and foundry costs and others in the industry where our factory network will give us a lot more opportunities to create a more balanced cost structure that others in the industry will not be able to accomplish. So overall, we see great margin outlook, great cash flow and free cash flow opportunities over the horizon, and we'll characterize those much more carefully as part of our investor meeting. But we see the advantages of our business model over anybody else in the industry to be quite substantial for supply, for margin creation, for cash flow generation. And all of these will come together in a very powerful way.
Pat Gelsinger: Thank you for the question. The Mobileye spinout, things are progressing smoothly. We'll give updates on that as appropriate as we go out over time. But -- and as we said, it will be a partial spin, so we still see continuing and substantive value creation for Mobileye having a high relationship with Intel. So we'll be updating on that as things progress there. I won't say that's the last one that we'll consider for such moves. We see this as a formula for value creation that may have other areas that could benefit from such approaches from the Intel family as we look to the future. And we said this is a model for value creation that we think is a powerful one and one that we'll be exercising in the industry, but we have no other specifics to talk about at this time. But keep showing up, we're going to have lots of good things to talk about.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you. And overall, we do see that the product line is getting more competitive. Sapphire Rapids will be a stronger product. But we're already seeing that the product line is getting more competitive with Ice Lake. And our Q4 numbers on Ice Lake were very good. And we see the Q4 equaled all of the shipments of the first 3 quarters of the year. So Ice Lake is an improvement. Sapphire Rapids gets better. We do expect that there's going to be a bit of to and fro with the competitive alternatives where they'll deliver a product, we'll deliver the next product. And as you've heard me say, we are on a path to sustained unquestioned leadership into this area. It's going to take us a few generations until we're unquestionably in a leadership position, but we believe our product teams, our packaging teams and our process technologies, our factory capacity, all of these give us the tools to create leadership products. And then we combine that with our platform leadership and our software technologies, we have a path to unquestioned leadership over time. Obviously, we believe we're going to have a superior cost structure, as we've already touched on, given that many of our server products come from our factories. So we're going to be in a better margin and cost position and capacity we think we have a lot of tools to address market share over time. And we're going to dimensionalize the business a bit more as part of our Analyst Day coming up.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And I'd say, over time, we absolutely expect that we're going to improve the operating margin of this business again. And we haven't ramped the new node for 5 years in our data center business. And that's something that -- it's an embarrassing thing to say on the one hand. And obviously, as a result, we've been in an area that we shouldn't have had operating margins that high in this business. It's just been that we've been running on very mature nodes well past the time that a normal cycle should be. And now we're aggressively ramping 10. We're also starting to ramp the cost of 7 and 4 as well. So all of these taken together, I think, you're seeing a very unusual period in the gross margins and operating margins of this business. We fully expect that this is a very healthy business for us long term. And as we're going through the cycle of new process technologies, investments in the business, nothing here is surprising to us. And you can expect that over the long term this is a great business for Intel as we ramp leadership process technologies with unquestioned leadership products, we're going to do well here.
Pat Gelsinger: Well, thank you for that question. It's one I hoped would be raised in the call. So thank you for that. And I'll just say overall, I mean, it was just a fabulous day in Ohio, right? The enthusiasm we've gotten. And as I said at the event, we're -- we help put silicon into Silicon Valley. We established the Silicon Forest in Oregon, the Silicon Desert in Arizona and now the Silicon Heartland. And the enthusiasm we've gotten from the leadership there, the governor, the congressional leaders and being able for this farm kit from Pennsylvania to stand on stage in the White House and say now it's my pleasure to introduce the President of the United States of America, just surreal. So just a fabulous day for Intel, our nation and our industry. Obviously, with the CHIPS Act going on the floor of the House, we're highly encouraged. And I spoke to Speaker Pelosi at length on this subject just yesterday as there you expect it will be debated on the floor next week. And hopefully, following what we expect will be passage in the House, a reconciliation process. So I'd say everybody is now more optimistic on this coming across the line in the near future.  Now obviously, I think we and others have viewed the passage of this as an accelerant for our investment plans. And as I've said very clearly, hey, we're going to build a site in Ohio. It could either be small or it could be big and fast. And with the passage of the CHIPS Act, it's going to be bigger, and we're going to build it out faster as a result. And we think that's good for our company. Even more important, it's good for our nation as we rebuild a resilient, globally balanced supply chain. And the events of just yesterday, getting the bill on the House floor, I think, is a very, very good sign for all that will get us across the line. But even more so, right, we see acts in Europe that are gaining momentum as well in the EU CHIPS Act as well. And we've been quite involved in that domain, and we hope to see our expansion plans accelerate in Europe as well. So overall, all of these things will simply benefit the industry, but it certainly will accelerate our investment plans as it makes us more competitive globally to be for our products, but even more so for our foundry business as well. So thank you for that question.
Pat Gelsinger: And with that, let me, again -- I do want to say thank you to Dave joining us for the first time. George, thank you again for your support, for the years that you've contributed in this critical period of the company. And I do want to remind you of the strategies. We're going to build the team, improve the execution. As we look back on 2021, we've made tremendous progress across all areas that we've laid out. We still do have a lot of work to do, but we're focused, energized and momentum is building. And I look forward to sharing our progress with you as we continue on this amazing journey. And Investor Day is coming up. We are going to lay out the strategy. We've got a lot to say. And this is a great business. We finished a great year. Thank you all for joining us today.
David Zinsner: Yes. First of all, thanks, Pat. And I just did want to say thanks for joining the call, and I'm really happy to be part of Intel. We have an exciting opportunity in front of us, and I couldn't be more excited to be a part of IDM 2.0. I think there's a lot of opportunity to create a lot of shareholder value. In fact, one of the areas we're doing that right now is increasing the dividend 5%. So it's great to -- my first quarter dividend raise….  On the CapEx -- on the CapEx front, Joe, obviously, as Pat mentioned, we'll give you a lot more granularity in terms of '22 and beyond in terms of CapEx. But if you look back at the 2021 CapEx split, it was roughly 60% equipment, 40% space build-out. So that's at least the ratio last year. Of course, it might evolve over time, but it gives you kind of a rough magnitude of the numbers.
David Zinsner: Okay. Let me start, and Pat can certainly provide us color around pricing. So you're right that we are going to provide a lot more details around the year at the Investor Day and give you actually some perspective over the longer term. But I think I can help you think through a little bit about the trend based on the following commentary. So in our third quarter earnings call that Pat and George were representing Intel, we said that we had to make investments, both in terms of newer process technologies and the start-up costs associated with that and we needed to ramp 10-nanometer. And that was going to put pressure on gross margins. And they create -- they presented a range of somewhere between 51% and 53% was the gross margin level that we would need to operate at while we were getting ourselves caught up from a technology perspective. So we're in that range for their guidance, the 52%. And we feel very good about 51% to 53% range for the year. So that's -- so when you look at this number, it can bounce around a little bit. But the 51% to 53% range we've given, we feel real confidence around for the time being. Now after that, as we get back to a leadership position in terms of technology and in terms of products, of course, there's absolutely opportunity to improve upon that. And we will, I think, provide you good evidence of that at the Investor Day in February. So that should give you some incentive to come.
David Zinsner: Yes, I'll start. Yes. So I mean, just in the strict walk of the operating margins of the DCG business. So it's -- some of the things I talked about in terms of the aggregate story around gross margins, there's the ramp of 10-nanometer for the data center space. There's higher start-up costs associated with new process technologies, so that's certainly driving it. We also had a onetime charge in our E&G business for a Federal charge that also negatively impacted the operating margins. And then lastly, as we talked about, we are continuing to ramp up our investment in terms of product technology in R&D. And so we had some increased OpEx investment that also drove it. But all of this is kind of executing to the plan that Pat laid out a quarter or so ago. And so this is all part of where we wanted to be at this point to drive the future of the company.
David Zinsner: Sure. So definitely, the Federal charge not repeating itself in the first quarter is certainly helpful. And there are a couple of mix benefits that we're seeing. But the charges associated with ramping 10-nanometer, particularly in the data center space, and the start-up costs on Intel 4 are predominantly what's driving the reduced gross margins. But again, it's exactly where we thought we would be in the first fiscal quarter. I mean this is the number that we were planning to drive the business to. And ultimately, the ROI on all the investments we're making that that drive headwinds in the gross margins for the first quarter will turn around and drive a very good ROI down the road.
