Venkata S. M. Renduchintala: Hi, this is Murthy. I'll take that one. We continue to make progress on 10-nanometer. Yields are improving consistent with the timelines we shared in April. And yes, you're quite right. The systems on shelves that we expect in holiday 2019 will be client systems, with data center products to follow shortly after.
Venkata S. M. Renduchintala: So let me take that. I think as we look at what we need to do in 10-nanometers, again, let me replay some of the data we shared on our April call. Recall that 10-nanometers strive for a very aggressive density improvement target beyond 14-nanometers, almost 2.7x scaling. And really, the challenges that we're facing on 10-nanometers is delivering on all the revolutionary modules that ultimately deliver on that program. And while there's risk and a degree of delay in our timeline on that, we're very pleased with the resiliency of our 14-nanometer roadmap, where in the last few years we've delivered in excess of 70% product performance improvement as we've moved through our 14-nanometer generation of products. So as we look at 2019 across both the client and data center space, we feel very good about the product competitiveness of our 14-nanometer program, and that to some degree is factoring into our timing on 10-nanometer and launching 10-nanometer at a point in time where we believe the yields are at a level that make it prime for volume production. So 14-nanometer I think through the rest of this year and through 2019 continues, we believe, to drive product leadership across all our portfolio in client and server.
Venkata S. M. Renduchintala: Sure. Blayne, so 7-nanometer is very much R&D in deep progress, and we're making good progress on that development. We're not giving a direct timeline right now. But we've also made some fairly judicious choices in defining 7-nanometer, learning from our 10-nanometer experiences. And we're focusing on an optimum balance point between density, power and performance, and schedule predictability. So I think what you'll see is a more balanced approach across those three vectors. So we're still going to drive density but balancing that with a continued focus on driving transistor performance at the same time, which is highly valued as ASP drivers both in our client and server businesses. And we're really also focusing on being much more precise in our ability to launch. So those are the key learnings that are coming out of 10-nanometer as we go into 7-nanometer. And as we monitor progress on 7-nanometer just as closely as we are on 10-nanometer, I feel those lessons are being well absorbed into our progress, and we're lining up to support our product plans as our roadmap dictates.
Venkata S. M. Renduchintala: In general, we're going to see a much shorter ramp period between our products going forward in client and server. So yes, I think it's a good observation that as we talk about client systems on shelf by the second half of 2018, you shouldn't expect too much of a delay before you see data center products coming out. So much closer proximity, albeit slightly delayed than we expected on 10-nanometer, and then you should see that pretty much improve to almost parity of launches as we get into later technologies. So the traditional model of server following rather lengthily after client is probably going to become more sequential going forward.
Venkata S. M. Renduchintala: I just wanted to add to Bob's perspective. The way I look at our roadmap, what we're really focused on is delivering product leadership generation after generation, and that's the system level. And while processes are a very important part of that recipe, so are the other ingredients as well, such as product architecture, silicon design, and packaging. And to Bob's point, as we look towards our roadmap, gross margin maximization is going to come from delivering excellence that drives performance, and therefore we're taking a very balanced view in all the ingredients that go into that. So you should expect in our roadmap going forward a much longer overlap between generations of technology as we try and make sure that, along with process, we add the other ingredients of technology leadership that will become more and more apparent.
Venkata S. M. Renduchintala: Again, while we haven't talked about it that much, the custom foundry aspects of our business still remain very strategically important to us. We believe that as we continue to explore growth and partnership opportunities in our data-centric businesses, the ability to develop custom silicon products together with our customers is going to become increasingly important. So as we see our customer relationships going forward, you'll probably see a lot more co-developed products using Intel process technology in order for their delivery and their interworking with the product portfolio that Navin talked about. So custom products through a custom foundry relationship remain a strategically important part of our customer engagement portfolio.
Robert Holmes Swan: So good progress on 10-nanometer and what we think is a very good lineup on 14-nanometer product for next year on both client and server that we think will deliver best-in-class performance as we continue to ramp 10-nanometer.
Robert Holmes Swan: Thanks, John. I'll start and then have Navin chime in. Q2 data center growth was outstanding. We started when we talked to you back in April, we started the quarter out strong. The middle of the quarter was strong, and the end of the quarter was strong. So 27% top line growth for data center, we feel very good about it and see that momentum continuing into the second half of the year. As you know, Q4 last year was an outstanding year, so we have slightly tougher comps in the fourth quarter, but we're looking at real strong growth for the full year. And as I indicated earlier, the strength was across the board, cloud up over 40%, comms services up 30%. And specifically to your question, enterprise strength continues, not only volume, but the trajectory of Xeon Scalable and the adoption of Xeon Scalable has accelerated a little bit beyond what we expect to drive real good ASPs. So real good first half, strong outlook for the second half across the board, and then slightly tougher comps as we go into Q4.
Robert Holmes Swan: Thanks, Stacy. First, I think the first half to second half dynamics, we're looking at an operating margin improvement by 1.5 to 2 points, so we see good solid op margin growth first half to second half. The dynamics are the gross margin we expect to come down a bit and be more than offset by good volume leverage on a relatively stable spending base. So that trend of modest gross margin erosion more than offset by spending leverage driving op income improvement is the trends that you've been seeing for the last six to eight quarters, and we expect that to continue into the second half of the year. When you look at – implied in our guide for Q4 in particular, a couple things going on. One, accelerating growth of modem as we go through the second half of the year, accelerating growth of NSG or memory as we go through the second half of the year. We haven't assumed the continued strong ASP performance that we've seen through the first half. We hope that turns to be conservative, but we'll see how that plays out. And then lastly, to your point and Murthy mentioned earlier, we're ramping up 10-nanometer to improve the yield. So that's going to weigh on gross margins for the fourth quarter as well. So all things involved, we feel good about op margin expansion. We're up 500 basis points in the quarter. We'll be up another couple points first half to second half. But the gross margin dynamics will weigh on us in the fourth quarter, and spending will more than offset it. As we go into 2019, I think the way we've been running the business for the last few years, we have dramatically expanded our TAM. And with that TAM, we see more and more opportunities to invest and grow, and that growth is driving improved earnings for the company. At the same time, some of that growth has lower gross margins. But that expanded TAM, the higher revenue growth on a very well controlled spending base is expanding our op income dollars and our earnings per share. So we feel pretty good about where we are as we exit 2018 and head into 2019 in terms of operating income for the business. Thanks, Stacy.
Robert Holmes Swan: The one thing I'd add, Ross, is on the accelerator side, particularly the FPGAs, 18% growth for FPGAs in the quarter, and as we mentioned earlier, real strong penetration in data center. So that growth has been fueled by 140% increase in PSG in the data center environment. So I think, Navin, if I could, had a choice to make when he took over in the Data Center business, and it was protect our large microprocessor share or dramatically expand the market and both protect our share as well as participate in a much bigger market, and that's how he and the team have been focused. And that's resulted in both protection of CPUs but expansion of share and a much broader TAM. So again, I'd just close with we feel great about what the team is doing in expanding the role we play in the data center and at the edge.
Robert Holmes Swan: I presume by segment out, you mean quantify, and my answer will probably be unfulfilling if that's the case, but I think you hit on the three things. As we go into – as we enter the second half and the fourth quarter in particular, we see modem accelerating. We have a great product that's getting good traction in the modem space, so that product is accelerating, and that obviously has margins a little lower, NSG growth accelerating going into the fourth quarter, those margins are a little bit lower, 10-nanometer ramping, and that will weigh on gross margins. And lastly, just our outlook for ASPs, ASP has been a significant contributor to our high gross margin performance over the last couple quarters. Now we've assumed that it won't stay at those levels. So those are the four components of segmentation. And then I'd just go back to with this high growth, we're getting really good leverage and expect our operating margins to improve as we go to the back half of the year.
Robert Holmes Swan: Joe, the ASP strength that we've seen actually really most of this year is a reflection of what we see our customers doing across the board. All of them are buying our highest performance products. There's this insatiable appetite for performance on all the workloads that they're looking at. Certainly we did expect the transition to Purley to be accretive to us from an ASP point of view. But if I look at our broad portfolio of products, our ASPs look very good. And year on year our ASPs look good in the other parts of our products as well, Broadwell for example. So in general, we're just seeing an almost insatiable appetite for the best products, the highest performing products that we have, and I don't see that slowing down as I look forward.
Robert Holmes Swan: When we started the year, our outlook for the year was $65 billion in revenue. And six months through the year, given strong demand, across the board actually, both servers and PCs, real strong demand had us raise our outlook by $4.5 billion for the year. So we feel very good about the demand signals we see at the $69.5 billion level. We feel very good about having the supply in place for that fairly significant demand increase. And now as we go to the back half of the year, to the extent demand continues to increase, which I'd say it has almost month to month the first six months of the year, we need to work with our customers and our fabs to make sure that we continue to have the capacity to fill demand to the extent that it rises beyond the $69.5 billion level. So we're working closely with our customer base, both on the server and the PC side, and very closely with our internal teams to make sure we're not a constraint to the extent that demand in the second half of the year continues to go up like it has through the first six months of the year, and just to fill that demand along the way and not give others the opportunity to fill it for us.
Robert Holmes Swan: So just to maybe repeat, 27% top line growth and 65% operating income growth with an 11 point improvement in operating margins year on year. So outstanding performance on product margin, as Navin indicated, particularly with strong ASP performance. Our margins have continued to improve, and I'd just say not at the expense of curtailing investments for our data center business. We see real good growth opportunities and we continue to invest, so really good expansion in margin performance while continuing to invest. In terms of 10-nanometer, that is more – again, with client being first on 10-nanometer, they are more feeling the effect of the 10-nanometer on their margins. That's relatively de minimis effect for the DCG business.
Robert Holmes Swan: I think obviously from node to node over the last several nodes, frankly, the capital intensity of the business with each node has increased over time. At the same time, the amount of reuse of equipment and tools from one node to the next is extremely high. So with the exception of particularly 10-nanometer going to 7-nanometer, litho changing quite a bit with EUV, with each node, even with more capital intensity, we have relatively high reuse and we can leverage the tools for longer and longer. So in terms of implications on gross margin, I'd just say it's a function of product leadership and maintaining that product leadership. And Navin talked about how customers are looking for high performance, and the ASPs associated with that high performance allows us to continue to generate extremely attractive gross margins despite increased capital intensity as you go to each node.
Robert Holmes Swan: Yes, first we've been – our gross margin performance has been very strong, in the upper end of our long-term gross margin target, so we feel pretty good about where gross margins sit today. In terms of modem in particular, yes, we do expect to improve gross margins for our modem business, both with our 7560 product that will begin to ship in the second half. But also as we migrate to a 5G world, we expect margins in the modem business to continue to improve. So yes, we expect modem profitability to improve. We don't see it at the 60-plus percent gross margin level, but we do expect it to be a contributor to earnings performance as we go forward.
