David Zinsner: So let me -- I'll start, and Pat’s going to add some color. So on the $11 billion, we're expecting most of the business units to be down sequentially, double digits. We're not going to provide guidance for the rest of the year. But I did say that the first half is likely to be seeing these inventory corrections. The other thing I would just add is maybe color to position the year is that we're expecting Q1 to be the most significant inventory decline at our customers that we've seen in recent history. So it's -- if you look back over the last four or five quarters of reduction, this will be meaningfully higher than all of those quarters. So, obviously, that is impacting the Q1 outlook.
David Zinsner: Yeah, good question. So, obviously, revenue is the most significant impact to gross margins. We obviously did not expect to be down at these levels. That said, it's a function of some significant inventory burn. So it's not necessarily a reflection of the demand in the market. So, obviously, we would expect that to ever at some point, which will be a significant lift to the gross margins. The other thing is, in the first quarter, we're going to have about a 400 basis point impact on our gross margins just from under loading, because of the demand softness. And we would expect loadings to improve once we get past the inventory correction we're currently experiencing. In addition to that, we have a number of initiatives underway to improve gross margins, and we're well underway. When you look at the $3 billion reduction that we talked about for 2023, $1 billion of that is in cost of sales, and we're well underway on our way to getting that $1 billion. And then when you start click it further into the $8 billion to $10 billion that we want to hit by the end of 2025, about 66% of that, two-third of that is cost of sales improvement. And we're getting a lot of that from our internal foundry model that Pat mentioned. We're already seeing significant opportunities to be efficient – more efficient between our business units and our factories. And I think we'll have a lot of things to say over the course of this year about areas that we see meaningful improvement. Also, we have smart capital that was modest in 2022, it's going to be more significant in 2023 and much of that smart capital does translate to a better cost structure for us that will help gross margin. So net of that, I feel very confident we will get back to 51% to 53% in the medium term. And in the long term, I feel very confident we will get back to 54% to 58%. And I think Pat said it in the past, we aim to beat that range.
David Zinsner: Yes. So let me see if I can -- obviously, we're trying to avoid guiding beyond the first quarter given the murkiness. I would just say we are very focused on the appropriate level of investment necessary for the long-term strategy of IDM 2.0, while being very thoughtful around how much CapEx we spend to manage our free cash flow. I think Smart Capital offsets will be pretty healthy this year, much better than last year. Partly, that's because we'll be fully along with SCIPs 1 with our partnership with Brookfield. We are expecting grant incentives to be a part of this year's Smart Capital offsets. And so those -- and then lastly, we do have already in place, the investment tax credit, which could have some benefit to us this year. So certainly, Smart Capital will be healthy, but we are being very prudent around our gross capital spend through the year. And we'll -- as we kind of progress through the year, we'll see how things develop, and we'll -- you can expect us to manage it accordingly. I think most importantly, we -- we did not expect to be at this revenue level, obviously, for 2023 when we talked about this, net CapEx intensity of 35%. And yet we still maintain the discipline to stay at or below that 35% for the year. And I think that's what investors should take away from that message.
David Zinsner: Yes. I think clearly, revenue is going to be the most significant driver of gross margins. We're a high fixed cost model. So we suffer the consequence of that, obviously, when revenue is declining, but we also get the benefit when revenue is expanding. And so what will -- what is currently a headwind does turn to a tailwind as the business recovers. The second most significant impact we have is the underload charges. So that's 400 basis points or so this quarter. And we'll make a determination as to what loading makes sense for the second quarter as we get closer to the second quarter. But we're doing this to be appropriate in terms of our management of cash flow. But again, as business conditions adjust, we will start loading the fab at a higher rate, and that will improve gross margins. I think beyond that, it really is around a lot of the cost initiatives we have underway. It's the $3 billion for 2023, and it's the $8 billion to $10 billion improvement over the course of the next few years that really will help drive the costs and drive the gross margins beyond just revenue and loadings.
David Zinsner: You took one of mine. Obviously, the OpEx area, yeah, is an area that we've really focused on and Pat mentioned the lab piece, which is an area -- one of the areas that we have found efficiency. And I guess the last thing is that we have seen our capital offsets be higher than our original expectation. We were planning for probably one-third of what we think we'll get in 2023 when we announced our smart capital initiative in -- at the Analyst Day. So that's obviously coming in stronger. Of course, Pat already alluded to the fact that a lot of that is -- Skip has turned out to be a pretty powerful tool, and this will enable us to do a Skip 2 this year as well, which obviously helps.
David Zinsner: Well, 2023, we were thinking was a breakeven free cash flow year for us back at the Analyst Day last February. Obviously, in the first half of this year, we're going to be below that model. But as we look into the back half of the year, we would expect to approach the model in 2023. And of course, 2024 is a bit away from where we are right now, but this is the thing that we spend a lot of time on. I would tell you one thing, if you look at our free cash flow for 2022, we came in roughly around minus $4 billion. If you remember in the quarter before, we forecasted that we would be somewhere between minus $2 billion and minus $4 billion. We were actually assuming a higher level of capital offsets, which is still coming, but pushed into 2023. And yet we still hit the high end of that range. And the way we did it was through working capital initiatives. So this is a big part of our strategy around managing free cash flow, is more attention to working capital. It's something that I think in the past may not have been a big focus here, but is a very big focus here. It's how we -- how our shipments are managed in terms of linearity, how we manage payments, how we manage our inventory. The fact that we're taking underload does affect the gross margins, but it also improves our cash flow, because we're spending less on variable costs. So these are areas that we think can be pretty beneficial to us and be a tailwind for us in terms of free cash flow as we progress through the year.
David Zinsner: Yes. Well, obviously, we announced a $0.365 dividend for the first quarter. That was consistent with the last quarter's dividend. I'd just say the Board, management, we take a very disciplined approach to the capital allocation strategy, and we're going to remain committed to being very prudent around how we allocate capital for the owners. And we are committed to maintaining a competitive dividend.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. And clearly, as we look at Q1, affected by macro significant inventory adjustments, and that's affecting clearly clients but also data center as well. And we do see that year-on-year, quarter-on-quarter data center to be down as well. And we think that's a macro statement across all segments across cloud, enterprise, government and uniquely China. Part of our more positive expectation for the second half of the year is clearly from our customers and what we've heard from them but also with expected some level of recovery from China as well. So overall, clearly, a major inventory correction cycle and coming after back-to-school and how do they refresh our customers clearly wanting to take more aggressive steps as they adjust. But that inventory adjustment is well below their sell-out rates. So for that, we do believe that we will see recovery as they have made those inventory adjustments, and we'll see the business be stronger as we go through the year.
Pat Gelsinger: So overall, as we said, we saw the range $270 million, $295 million. We believe the sell-through rate will be to the lower end of that. The consumption that we saw in Q4 was well below that, and the consumption rate or the sell-in rate in Q1 is even more significantly almost 2x more significant below the consumption rate. Obviously, these are the macro effects that we can't predict, and that's what's taken us a bit more to the low end of the range. But clearly, as we've been working with our customers and channel partners, we've been monitoring very carefully the sellout that they've seen. So we're pretty comfortable with that range. Also, we would point to China and a very unique circumstance there as is well known. And we do expect that, there'll be some level of economic recovery there, particularly we forecasted in the second half of the year. And this is a topic that we continue to work closely with our customers. That said, overall, and as we updated on our PC webinar, we do expect that the long-term market is in the 300 million unit range. So as we overcome this inventory adjustment cycle, and some of this near-term economic. And I think as you heard from Microsoft, PC usage is up, , the number of hours per PC continues to be up. The installed base has gone up. So all of those factors give us reasonable confidence that post this period of inventory correction that will have a very healthy $300 million unit plus or minus market that we're selling into.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you. And I think the most important thing is what we just did with Sapphire Rapids, right? Our customers were anxious for a great product from Intel. Obviously, we would have liked it to be earlier, as we had initially estimated, but we are now shipping a very high-quality product with significant areas of leadership in areas like AI performance, power performance, security feature function, high-performance computing workflows that are 5x the competition and features in areas like confidential computing and security that are quite differentiated from anything in the marketplace. Obviously, share shift, right, particularly in the data center space, these designs were one a year ago, right, or two years ago. And so it takes some amount of time. And against that, we're seeing a very strong outlook for Sapphire Rapids ramp through the year, as I said, 1 million units in the middle of the year, so very strong demand from our customers. And the other thing, as we've indicated, is have we rewon our customers' confidence that they could bet on our road map. And Emerald Rapids, looking very healthy for later this year. Granite Rapids and Sierra Forest looking very healthy for next year. And all of those, I believe, are rebuilding our customers' confidence. And I believe with that, given the massive incumbency that Intel has, and I would just emphasize that even though we have seen the share shift in recent sell-in, the installed base is Intel, right? There's an enormous on some -- many of the cloud customers, 95-plus percent of their installed base is Intel that gives us a very strong incumbency that we get to renew as we rebuild our customers' confidence. So as you put all of those things together, yes, we realize that we stumble, right? We lost share. We lost momentum. We think that stabilizes this year, and we're going to be building a road map that allows us to regain leadership for the long term in this critical market.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Also, I'd just add, we do and Dave sort of implied it, but we do expect to do SCIP 2 this year as well, which is another source and also the credit center clearly there's motivation on the part of commerce to get that underway and the rules making in place in the near future and start to dispense funds this year. Also, I'd point to Europe as well. So it's EU chips as well as US chip. So all of those efforts are part of Smart Capital for us. We do believe that we'll have the capital necessary to meet both our near-term but more importantly, the strategic long-term investments. And that's what we say we're on track with IDM 2.0. We're on track with the capital, the builds that allow us to restore leadership in our process technology as well as have the factory capacity to both deliver that for our products as well as for our foundry customers.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. So PSG did have a very good quarter, has a very strong backlog, continues to grow. But I'd say the math that you suggest is quite incorrect, given the relative size of those businesses. So we'll happily offline talk a little bit more through that. That said, we did -- we grew less than the market last year and saw some share loss. We see that stabilizing this year. The key factor is better products, right? And we've just released that with Sapphire Rapids and getting great response and our announcement event on January 10 was a customer-centric ramp this baby product line. We had strong participation from all the CSPs, all of the OEMs, all of the ISVs, end users. So it was seen as a very strong event. This year, we'll be very much about ramping that and we'll see the improvements in both market share position as well as ASPs as we ramp that product through the year, and the confidence in the road map. And that will be the determinant, okay, you have a better product now, great. Customers are building it on an installed base. But do we have confidence in your long-term? So I'd say we've reestablished a very credible road map. You'll see lots of news coming from us this year as we start delivering on samples, et cetera, of the next-generation products as well as the continued ramp of Sapphire Rapids with highly differentiated features and capabilities. So we feel like we've put the worst behind us, right? And we're now coming back to the front foot in this business area. And I'll say in a very customer-centric, ISV-centric way that delivers our customers the use cases that they need in their business.
Pat Gelsinger: Great. Great. Thank you, Toshi. The -- what we said, clearly that we did see demand softening through the year in data center overall. That's a market statement. Obviously, we have more exposure to enterprise in China, which we believe weakened our position a little bit more in the year, but we're seeing those same characteristics now with the cloud providers as well. So we see all of them weaker in the first half of the year. We are, I'll say, a touch optimistic that China will come back and enterprise will come back more rapidly than the cloud. And with our stronger exposure in those segments, we believe that is a potential good news for us as we go through the year relative to competition. The networking space is one where we have very sustained leadership and strength in areas like vRAN and O-RAN are ones that our platform is dramatically better than competitors. And with that strong market share through the year, we also expect some level of softening there in those in the networking area, but not as much as some of the other segments that we would have. First half of the year, we expect to be down year-on-year in the second half of the year to returning to growth. So inventory adjustments, a weaker market in first half, recovery in the second half of the year is what we expect. Overall, and obviously, the relative position, we believe that we have is stabilizing and the markets that we're stronger in, we're optimistic that they'll come back a little bit stronger as we go through the year.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. And I'll just say here without being too specific and some of these things are under evaluation, discussion with customers and the best way to handle it. We're doing a thorough analysis across the portfolio. And I would say we are looking at every aspect of the portfolio, where we're getting good returns, where we're not. And we're making decision after decision to optimize the portfolio. And as you say, we haven't been hesitant to make those decisions inside the back. And we have a few more that we're looking carefully at. But we're also looking at every area of the business. Dave suggested in his comments, hey, can we do a better job with our line? Could we do a better job with our building assets? We've also discussed as part of the internal foundry model that we're making major steps to improve our automation and ERP efficiency to run the company more. Some of our people actions. We've been very scrutinizing and benchmarking ourselves against best-in-class in every aspect of how we run the business. So one-by-one, we're saying we're going to be world-class as measured by benchmarks in these areas and all the business areas that we're in, we believe they're strategically important and yielding good results with our shareholders' investments.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. Thanks, Joe. And you are touching on a very important issue, the memory. And obviously, the memory pricing for DDR4 has collapsed, right, and making that pricing gap versus DDR5 very visible currently. That said, customers don't buy these platforms on memory prices. They buy them on TCO, right? The total cost of the operations that they get for the performance as they put them into operations. So memory price is one piece of that. But I'd also say DDR prices are expected to decline as we go through DDR5 price and the gap to DDR4 is widely forecast to decline, and that gap will diminish as we go through the year. However, right, you contrast that to the significant performance capability. And in some areas like AI, we're seeing five to 6x performance benefits. And when you put that into a TCO calculation, it's overwhelmingly positive. Security is not measured on TCO. It's measured on absolute statements of security and confidential computing. So overall, we are driving this ramp very aggressively through the year. We have strong demand of customers. We're ramping our factories quickly. And we do believe that we'll have a strong ramp of the Sapphire Rapids platform as we go through the year.
Pat Gelsinger: Yeah. It's a restructuring of where the businesses reside. And as we move past this, I'll say, launch phase of those products. And we're now into the scale phase of those product lines. And for instance, discrete graphics, driving the attach rate and channel motions with our enormous client business. In the data center, bringing a broader portfolio across HPC, our Flex product line, the AI capabilities that we have that we're uniquely delivering through data center. So all of this is about is the efficiency and scale of those business areas. And we've been having numerous discussions with our customers about these changes, and they have been very well received. And I'd say all the products that we launched out of AXG, the Flex product line, the discrete graphics product line, the MAX product lines. All of those products are continuing forward, and we believe all of those will have strong ramps in their volumes, revenues and market impact as we go through the year. So with that, let me just wrap up our time together. First, thank you. We're grateful for you joining us today, the opportunity that you've given us to update you on our business. And clearly, the financials aren't what we would hope for. But we're also pleased with the execution progress we made. And as a result, we're confident in the strategic outlook that we have for our business. Though the macro is difficult. It was difficult in Q4. We expect it to remain difficult as we go through the first half of the year, but we're laser focused on controlling the things that we can and every aspect of our execution, cost management and transformation is in our hands and we are well underway in executing against those paths. So with that, we look forward to seeing many of you throughout the quarter, updating you on our progress next quarter. Thank you very much.
