Brian M. Krzanich: Sure, Vivek. So the simple answer is absolutely, we're still committed to the high single digit growth for the year. If you take a look at it, as Bob and I both mentioned in the call, when you take a look at Q1 comparatives, one, Q1 of last year was 14 weeks. This year it's a normal 13 weeks. So you add that one extra week; that's a couple of percent that you're competing against in a year-over-year basis. Secondly, Q1 tends to be our lowest quarter in general if you just look at our seasonality in the year for overall revenue and output and growth in the Data Center business. And so as we look out and we see, as you said, the ramp of Skylake in the second half, as we see the normal seasonality, we are absolutely committed to that high single digit growth rate for the rest of the year.
Brian M. Krzanich: Sure, I'll start. Bob, you may want to jump in. Each quarter we come in here and say we're a little concerned about the sustainability of those high ASPs, and we continue to have that, so we always forecast. If you take a look at what we've forecasted for the remainder of the year, we've forecasted a slight decline in ASPs as we move through the year. Now, that said, we're continuing to improve our road map. We're continuing to pull in products, and the demand for those high-end, high-performance products, from 2-in-1s, gaming, high-end workstations, continues to grow faster than we are even able to project. So right now we've forecasted a slight decline through the rest of the year, but we had strong demand for it in Q1. And we really believe that's a function of our products and our roadmap. From a competition standpoint, we're not seeing anything unusual right now as far as – there's always some level of competition in this market, and I'd tell you for Q1 and our forecast for Q2, we're not seeing anything out of the ordinary from what we normally see.
Brian M. Krzanich: Sure. So I'll start. First I thought it would be good to give you a little background, right, why do we come out and commit this now, and what's our thinking behind this? And part of it is we had good progress, brought down spending as a percent of revenue about 1% for 2016. We're a quarter in, and we're seeing good progress in our efforts along 2017 of taking it down another slightly more than 1% as we look at this year. And so we just really took a look at, do we think we can maintain that progress and continue to drive efficiencies while driving growth. The growth we've expected is what we talked about in the analyst meeting back in February, which is that mid-single digit type of growth for the overall company, and that's kind of where we're at from a growth perspective. And then the cost reduction and efficiencies are driving the rest of it.
Brian M. Krzanich: Yeah, on the depreciation, we kind of implied in our guidance really no change on our depreciation through the course of the year, and what that assumes is roughly $2.5 billion additional CapEx from Memory in the year. In terms of profitability for this year, when we talked to you at Analyst Day, Rob kind of laid out a plan where the core 3D NAND would be profitable in the second half of the year, but our losses for the business would still be roughly in line with where we were in 2016. And that was a function of really three things, good performance on 3D NAND, continuing to ramp Dalian and continuing to invest in our Optane product or 3D XPoint. So those dynamics have us breaking even for the core business in the second half of the year. We said that near the end of 2018 as a whole, the Memory business would be profitable. And to the first quarter, growth was stronger than we expected and performance out of our fab was even better than we expected.
Brian M. Krzanich: Sure, so I'm not exactly sure I completely understood your slight growth. What we said is for DCG as a business, we're in the high single digits growth rate, so we're absolutely committing to that. We talked about the 6% in Q1 and how, as we go through the year, we'll continue to grow. From the standpoint we've been sampling Skylake to the cloud guys now for some period of time. In fact, back into the latter half of last year. But you really don't see the ramp of Skylake in volume at any of the customers, whether it be the cloud guys or the rest of the enterprise and networking and all until the second half. That's really when the volume kicks in on the server side, and that's absolutely what we had forecasted and there's no change in that forecast whatsoever.
Brian M. Krzanich: Sure, I can start with the modem and Bob can talk about – I'm not going to break it out financially. Bob can talk about, jump on top of this. But for us on our modem, it continues to gain momentum. We've talked about our one large customer, but we continue to get other interest in it. We are on schedule to bring our next generation modem into production in customer qualifications this year and really looking out over time. We have the next several series of modems over the next few years from an LTE perspective. And then we're already working on and believe we're leading, if you looked at our output for the MWC back in February as well, on the 5G side which is both at the modem and back through the base station. And that, we believe, is really the differential that we're able to provide in the communication space is in a space like 5G where the modem and the base station and backhaul is so integrated and so important, we're able to provide that end-to-end solution. From a foundry perspective, we continue to talk to several large customers and as we're able to, we'll talk about volumes and launching of new products. But for right now we're just saying we're continuing to invest and grow that business.
Brian M. Krzanich: So I'll start, Stacy. I think you have to take a look at where we're at. You're kind of asking a couple of questions. So first, from the growth standpoint, our position about investing and continuing to really drive growth is absolutely still just as strong as it was back in February at the Analyst Day. And I'd tell you Q1 is a great example of that, with year over year growth, another record quarter, coming off a record year and raising the year and forecasting another record year. So I feel very good about the investments we've made, both short term, medium term and long term to drive that growth. That said, Bob and I have both been looking at, now how do we do that and also at the same time become more and more efficient. And what we've looked at now is that our performance and becoming more efficient in 2016 and taking about 1% out of our spending as a percent of revenue was very successful. We understand how we did that. As we looked at our first quarter performance and what we believe we can take out for the rest of 2017 is another percent of spending as a percent of revenue, slightly more actually. And then I think one of the things that Bob's really brought in as the CFO is new ways of thinking and new looks at how to continue that trend. And so taking a percent a year or so out of our spending as a percent of revenue is something we think we can go and accomplish while driving that growth. And that is effort that we've spent over the last couple months, really digging into those details. And that's why we felt like it was important we came out now and really said, yes, we are committing to that. We understand the details behind it and we've got a history now that tells us we can say it with confidence.
Brian M. Krzanich: Sure, John. I'd tell you that the increase in CapEx that you're seeing this year is something that we see as unique, but my guess is that we'll have to continue it for maybe one year more or so as we continue to build out that memory factory. But if you take a long-term view, I don't expect us to run these kinds of CapEx levels. We'll always make good investments, so in a place like this where we think we have differential technology like 3D NAND and our Optane/3D XPoint, I'm going to look for ways to invest that have a positive NPV. But from this current view, we probably have another year, and then probably go back down to what we'd consider a more normal rate.
Brian M. Krzanich: Sure. So we don't break out revenue on specific products like Phi, but Xeon Phi does continue to ramp and grow from a product standpoint. We have some additional products that will launch in the second half of this year around Xeon Phi from Knights Mill. And from an FPGA or other accelerators, we continue to get several of the large cloud providers, networking providers who are continuing to use our FPGAs. But again, we don't break out on a by-customer standpoint, but we still are committed to our 6% roughly growth on the PSG business this year. Q1 was down just because of some unique – there was some extra buying in the latter half of last year around some cloud, and the networking guys are typically down in the first quarter. So it hit its forecast, but it's down year over year. We think we'll recover that as we go through the rest of the year from an FPGA. And then as we go out through the second half of this year, the first of the products comes out in silicon from our Nervana acquisition which is another form of AI acceleration. We'll get that first silicon. We'll start to work with customers and you'll see that come in 2018 as an additional accelerator adding to our full AI portfolio.
Brian M. Krzanich: So separate out again and remember we're making the large investments in Dalian, so from a pure 3D NAND perspective, we said it goes breakeven and beyond in the latter half of this year. So for next year, our standard NAND business will be profitable. 3D XPoint plus the Optane product is additional investments we're making. We said that that's in the second half of next year it goes to breakeven and the overall business does as well. We haven't gotten any more granular than that for right now.
Brian M. Krzanich: Yes, I think first quarter, a little bit over. I'd characterize it primarily in the round. I think for first half, we're basically implying $10.6 billion of OpEx and we're committed to our $20.5 billion for the full year. So $10.6 billion in first half drops to $9.9 billion in the second half and there's really two primary drivers to that. One is, as you alluded, the exit of McAfee will be roughly $300 million out from the first half run rate. And then secondly, just the completion of our previously announced restructuring programs will continue to bear fruit on lower OpEx in the second half of the year. So first half $10.6 billion, second half, $9.9 billion. McAfee exit, continued execution, and feel good about full year $20.5 billion.
Brian M. Krzanich: Percentage. So, A, yes. The growth in the Memory business that goes through the rest of this year is largely driven by the ramp of the Dalian factory, along with some assumptions around strong ASPs as demand continues to outpace supply in the market in general. And so if you take a look from here on, in fact 2017, but then as we go out into 2018 beyond, Dalian will continue to be the driver of growth of that business.
Brian M. Krzanich: Yes. I don't think we've actually ever given a bit growth, so that's not a public number. We can take a look at that for next quarter as to whether we want to start adding that to our normal distribution. But what we've always talked about is growth of the business from a profit or revenue standpoint and overall growth.
Brian M. Krzanich: Partly because remember, more and more of that business will become things like 3D XPoint slash Optane. And bits will be a little bit different there, right, not all bits are going to be created equal. That's a very differentiating technology. It's really got performance of DRAM-like devices with NAND non-volatility and pricing in between. And so those bits are a bit different than, say, typical NAND bits, and I wouldn't want to just lump those all into a standard number. So we need to think about how we'd really go and present this to you if you want to think about it from a bit standpoint. And that, it's around 5% of the business this year. But as you go out into next year and beyond, it becomes a larger and larger percentage as we see more and more products, especially in the data centers, use the Optane technology.
Robert H. Swan: Yeah, the only thing I would add, Brian, is with the ASPs being a little bit stronger than we expected in the first quarter, as we mentioned, we expect full-year revenue to be up $0.5 billion, versus where we were 90 days ago, and I would say one of the contributors to that is how we saw ASP trend in the first quarter of the year.
Robert H. Swan: Yes. And I would just say that our focus is on growing the earnings performance for the company in the short, medium and long term. And what we laid out at Analyst Day, as Brian indicated, was over the next three years, low single digit growth, operating income growing faster than revenue and EPS growing faster than operating income. Against that, we're trying to obviously make revenue grow faster, continue to manage the efficiency in which we operate the company and drive strong earnings growth performance over the short, medium and long term. So the 30% target is consistent with kind of the three-year plan, and we know that there's opportunities for us to be more efficient as we go forward.
Robert H. Swan: Yeah, and the only thing that I would add is the strong CCG revenue growth of 6% in the quarter. As you'll remember, because our first launch client really didn't ramp until the second half of last year, the first half revenue growth for CCG will, particularly because the modem will have a relatively easy comp. So that's a contributor to growth in the first half, and as Brian said, the comps get much tougher in the second half because our one client launched in the second half last year, but given the product we have, we feel relatively good about where we are.
Robert H. Swan: Yes, I would, Stacy, we kind of provided a long-term outlook of 40% to 45% operating margin for DCG.
Robert H. Swan: Our expectations for this year were for growth, as Brian indicated earlier, high single digit and at the lower end of that range of the 40% to 45%. In the first quarter, just to be clear, the 9 point drop in margins, 7 points of that is attributed to the fact that DCG is a bigger business, and we've indicated it'll be the first on 7-nanometer and a fast follow on 10-nanometer. As a result, it gets a bigger share of our technology development and our SG&A allocation. So 7 points of the 9% decline are simply a result of how we allocate cost to the business segments. I think in terms of going through the course of the year, the things that are going to change, as Brian indicated, we got strong product offering coming out in the second half of the year. We expect ASPs to improve as we go throughout the year. As you know, the first quarter is always the lower end of margins from a seasonal perspective. And we expect product costs to improve as we continue the transition from 22 to 14 nanometer. So it's in line with our long-term expectations. No change. Our outlook for 2017, no change. The biggest fundamental driver to margin performance is simply the success of the Data Center business in terms of growing, in terms of being a bigger chunk of the overall business, in terms of being a beneficiary of leading-edge technology. It bears 7 points impact because of the higher burden of our allocations on the business. So we feel good on where we are for the quarter and where we're positioned for the full year.
Robert H. Swan: Yeah, that's true, and that's reflected in our 40% to 45% and our improvement throughout the course of the year.
Robert H. Swan: Yeah, our expectation is the operating margins for DCG will improve by quarter throughout the year. Again, it will be a function of the normal seasonality of the profitability of the business. It will still bear a significant chunk of our tech development and SG&A costs, but you may remember that our development costs during the course of the year, as we indicated I think maybe last couple quarters, that comes down from first half to second half. So as that cost comes down, all of our businesses will benefit from lower costs. And then the third thing, the real fundamentals of the business are higher ASPs with good product with outstanding performance and getting better and better yields on our 14-nanometer product going through the fab will be benefits to the profitability of the business. The lowest point Q1 expectations will grow each quarter throughout the year, and we would expect full-year operating margins despite higher absorption, higher burden from our indirect costs at roughly 40% for the year.
Robert H. Swan: There's two dynamics on our total pool of indirect costs that are going on for the company. One is our SG&A indirect costs are coming down. Brian referred to that earlier about the progress we've made on direct spending overall coming down another 1 point plus during the course of the year. And second, our R&D cost particularly as it relates to Moore's Law for 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer goes up little bit. So during the course of the year, our overall cost will be roughly flat that we'll be allocating to the businesses. And DCG will get a larger portion of that than it has historically, roughly impacting the business by 7 points because of its bigger size and because of the decision to have it be a beneficiary of Moore's Law sooner than it has historically.
Robert H. Swan: And just a reminder, that $20.5 billion takes another roughly 1%, slightly more, out of our spending as a percent of revenue. So that's all baked in.
Robert H. Swan: I don't know if it's rounding or not. I'd say $0.5 billion of revenue upside at kind of roughly gross margin dynamics of the business will fall through at an additional $0.05 of EPS, so we feel great about that. I think the dynamics of more the business is in the second half. ASPs will improve for Data Center. As Brian alluded earlier, we've assumed that ASPs will decline a little for the Client business. And the fast growth of Memory and modem will have a negative mix impact on gross margins. So I think when we take that altogether through the year, we felt a fairly consistent 63% with all those puts and takes throughout to the course of the year. And Q1 was where we expected, Q2 consistent with Q1 and full year.
