Bob Swan: Yeah. Thanks, CJ. First, you're – we gave a DC centric guide of 6% to 8%, and yeah, I would – we didn't get DCG specifically, but I would say it's a little bit lower than our 6% to 8% data center growth. So, you're in the ballpark. On comm service, the comms this has been an extremely important aspect of the business for a number of years now where we've seen the programmability at the network with NFV and software defined networks, an opportunity for us to migrate the networking environment to IA architecture. So, we've been doing this for a number of years, it's been a source of growth for us over time. And in the quarter, the 11% growth was significant in and of itself, but remember last year's third quarter was also up in the mid-to-high 20s. So, we continue to make great progress. What we see going forward in this business is really a big opportunity in 5G so next year you're going to see – yeah, our good progress has been on 3G and 4G, next year we see real design wins that we've achieved real growth as we go into it a 5G world where we continue to see what we characterize as cloudification of the network. More and more compute moving from the cloud and data centers out to a network in edge and that's been an opportunity for us that we've been invested in over the past, and we expect to be a big source of growth for us going forward. Thanks CJ.
Bob Swan: Yeah. Okay. So first I'd say in our – yeah, obviously we're well into Skylake, but the transition now is in the Cascade Lake and that's a higher performance SKU. In the quarter, the high ASPs were really driven by particularly cloud customers really move into the highest-end product within the Cascade Lake family. So, we're seeing the transition from Skylake to Cascade Lake and within Cascade Lake a real high performance SKU, that's our highest, highest performance ASP. So, that mix dynamic in Q3, I don't expect that to stay where it is. I think we'll go to more of a balance as we get into Q4 next year. And in terms of competitive dynamics, I would just say that we've got a great lineup of products. We got Skylake to Cascade Lake; first half of next year, we're looking at Cooper Lake. As we talked before, we're really excited about Ice Lake server coming out in the second half of next year, and we realize that it will be a more competitive environment and we've tried to capture in essence on how we think about 2020's both demand – demand equation, but also the margins that we flagged a little bit on the – on our Q2 call or back at Analyst Day, I think. So good, good quarter, good momentum first half to second half, high performance SKUs driving real high ASPs even though you're right. The ASPs with comms have a tendency to be a little bit lower. I think that's...
Bob Swan: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Joe. First, I'd just kind of try to put it into context. Over the course of the last three years, I guess, we've grown the business by about 20%, so $13 billion in revenue over the last three years, and the practical reality is we didn't anticipate that kind of explosive growth three years ago, so we didn't have the capacity in place to deal with it, and we've been working our tails off for the last 12 months to ensure for our customers that we wouldn't be a constraint on their growth. From the last two years, I think, as you know, we've spent over $30 billion in CapEx to both, have more capacity for 14, while we also begin to ramp 10. In my prepared comments I said, we added 25% wafer start capacity 2018 to 2019. Our first half to second half unit volume will be up double-digits. So we're making good progress throughout the course of the year, but our expectations were in the second half, we would be back in a supply/demand equilibrium. And the fact of the matter is we're not there, because the demand profile that's resulted in our $1.5 billion higher revenue is just higher than we had anticipated. So we have more work to do to meet our customers' demands in the fourth quarter and going into 2020. As we see fourth quarter, we're still going to be a constraint in our customers' growth, which is absolutely where we do not want to be. But with the higher demand, we will be constraining their growth in the fourth quarter. But as we go into 2020, our expectations are, we'll add another 25% capacity both for 14 and 10 and that we will have particularly for PC client we expect to be able to do a mid-to-high single-digit unit volume growth next year and that we don't expect the market to grow that fast. But we got to have just more inventory buffers, so we're there when our customers need it. So Q4 will be a little challenging and 2020, we expect to be able to rectify things.
Bob Swan: Yeah it's a good question. Last -- back in our Analyst Day, we tried to go through this in quite a bit of detail, both, one, kind of our lessons learned coming out of the challenges we had with 10 and how we're capturing those lessons learned as we think about the next two generations. But first our focus and energy is right now around scaling 10. And, as we said, we feel very good about the capacity we put in place, the products we have coming down the pipeline and the yields that we're achieving, almost week-on-week improvement over the last six months. So for 10, we feel really good. Second, when we put the design rules in for 7-nanometer, we were less aggressive in terms of density. Our learning from going from 14 to 10 is with a benefit of hindsight, we were just -- we tried to scale at a 2.7 factor and that was -- that ended up putting too much invention or revolutionary nodes into the fab environment to meet those kind of hurdles and the learning from that is, we just can't hit those kind of really aggressive targets, when, to your point, the dynamics are getting increasingly challenging. So lots of learnings out of 10. Our transition to 10 that we incorporated into 7, the design the design rules there's less complexity and for the last couple of years that we've been working with EUV. Litho has been the challenge. We've had EUV that we've been working with for a few years now and we expect to use EUV as we scale 7. And we indicated that our first product will be two years from this quarter. So fourth quarter of 2021, our first 7-nanometer product will come out and our expectation is that we'll get back on a two-year cadence from 7 and beyond. So lots of learnings out of 10-nanometer that we've incorporated, and we said back in May and we reiterated today, we expect to be back to a two to two-and-a-half year cadence going forward at least for the next few nodes. 
Bob Swan: Yeah, I'll try because I'm not exactly sure I got the question. But, you know, in terms of competitiveness if that's the question…
Bob Swan: Look it's a more competitive world. And in that world we just raised our full year outlook by $1.5 billion and increased our operating margins. So yeah, I think, competitively nothing's really changed in the last three months, six months, nine months relative to what we expected. And our -- the only thing that's really changed is our performance. But we do know that going into next year that our role is to dramatically expand the role we play in our customers' success. So we're expanding the product, the architectures, the packaging technologies, the process capabilities and the software that we build. So we can continue to deliver better and better product performance for our customers. And yeah, I'd just say that we feel -- we feel really good about where we are. But we're not complacent by any means in terms of an increased competitive environment as we go into 2020.
Bob Swan: I would probably just, I guess echo. In all the complexity and all the moving parts – George kind of flagged the – where I'd characterize the four things that we're really dialing in on. One, going into next year mix is going to be better as our modem volume will be lower and our NSG profitability will be better. So, mix is going to have a – mix has been a drag on 2019's gross margin, and it will be a big contributor as we go into 2020. And secondly, on the first half of 2019, we had a lot of the – on cost of sales related to pre-PRQ 10-nanometer products. So that will not repeat itself. So those two things are good favorable things. The third thing is just George flagged this I just simplified. There's no transition and for us no transition next year is going to be 14-nanometer, we'll be a little better in terms of its profitability. Yields won't be dramatically different because we're extremely mature. But depreciation levels will be lower, because a lot of these tools have been fully depreciated, there because we've been on that node for so long. So, for the node transition 14 will be a little bit better. Our expectation is 10-nanometer yields will continue to improve, but at the same time the mix of 10 versus 14 will be a little bit of a wait. So, no transition will work against us. And we also - we've tried the best we can take into account competitive dynamics as we exit this year and going into next year in our quest to play a bigger role in our customers' success. We're going to compete to protect our position and expand the role we play. So those are the four things and lots of complexity and lots of moving parts, but we – a year ago we dialed in 2019 pretty well. Now, we've got to dial in 2020 as well.
Bob Swan: Yeah. I mean, our intention next year is to not be a constraint on our customer's growth first and foremost. And given that, what I indicated is we expect to increase capacity by 25% next year, which is the same kind of level that we did this year. We expect to do that again. So, we believe that data center we've been in pretty decent shape, but for client we just want to get to mid-single-digit kind of unit output -- mid to high-single-digit unit output. So one, we can meet what we expect customer demand profiles to be. But also -- so, we can rebuild buffer levels of inventory, so we can deal with these peaks, et cetera. So, we're trying to put the capacity in place that we think will meet the customer demand and try to give us the inventory buffer that has been depleted over the course of the last nine months or so. In terms of capital, and I would just say, we'll probably give you more detail on that come January, but George kind of laid out back in May a multi-year view of capital and wasn't any dramatic changes from kind of where we are now. But obviously that will be a function of growth.
Bob Swan: Yeah. So, to -- I think the trends, the macro trends that we see haven't subsided at all. And that is this insatiable appetite for the creation of data and the need to compute -- process store move make that data more relevant. Those macro trends have been very -- had been very attractive for the long -- for a while. And we expect those to continue, but to your point, the -- our experience with the cloud providers as they go through big buying cycles and then relatively long digestion periods. What we did experience last year was a gang -- gang-buster year. But it's been three quarters coming into the third quarter, where they went through digestions. And what we started to see in the third quarter was particularly for high performance compute started to see them come back into the market to really begin to -- begin to purchase a little bit more. So how long that cycle lasts is going to be a function of several variables. But yes their end demand seems to continue to be relatively strong. And therefore, they need to add capacity. We think will follow their end demand, given they have been out of the market a little bit for about three quarters now -- up to -- up till Q3.
Bob Swan: Yeah. Look thanks for -- thanks for joining us. We feel great about the quarter, it's -- we're looking at -- we had a record quarter where about raising our outlook for the full year. The market we see, the trends we see, are as big as they've ever been. And we're really focused on continuing to deliver for our customers. 10-nanometer area is now. We're ramping a multitude of products, we have increased confidence, in 5-nanometer. And as we mentioned, for seven and five getting back to a two-and-a-half two year cadence is what we're focused on. And we're confident in the future. And you're seeing both in the first nine months of the year as well as with our higher share buyback that we're putting your money where -- to work to reduce the flow. Because we think there is disconnect between the intrinsic values of the plan we shared with you back in May and how we're trading. So, with our balance sheet we're taking advantage of that. So thanks for -- thanks for joining us. Thanks for your questions. And we'll talk to you soon. Thank you.
George Davis: Yeah, I think Stacy, you've got the numbers right. $200 million was on the enterprise and government and comms area and that's -- I would say it was more in line with our expectations once you take out that 200 number. We had expected it to come up a little bit, the growth year-over-year was definitely above our expectations and--
George Davis: Hey, Ross. This is George. Maybe I'll take that. Actually, there is – with respect to 2020. There is no material change to my characterization on the last call, where we were talking about a 58% outlook for Q4 and 57% in 2021. And the question was well should that – are those good proxies for 2020, and my point was now we think we'll be closer to 60% than to those numbers. But, if you want to think about tailwinds and headwinds going into 2020 that we look at, as we think about that number. So tailwinds will be obviously we're going to have lower modem in the mix next year. Memory is starting to come out of that deep down ASP period, and we think volumes are going to be up as we get a little better supply and demand situation. The headwinds that we're very mindful of is obviously 10-nanometer ramping is – it can be a little bit of a headwind on margins, and also competitive impacts on ASPs. So, those are the – those are the things that we'll continue to look at, but as we look at those today no material change at all from my previous comments.
George Davis: I would just add one thing to remind everybody is that in 2019 we made a major shift from move to spending capital in the memory area to moving that capital over to expand our -- both our 10-nanometer and some 14-nanometer, we continue to add capacity in 14-nanometer and began adding capacity at 7-nanometer as well. So, we are very focused on getting the capacity in place that will allow us to take the word shortage out of our quarterly discussions.
