Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you, Ross. And I'll just start out by saying, again, I'm really pleased with the execution of our team and what had plenty of turbulence in Q1 and to meet and beat in Q1 was really spectacular. Now on the inventory piece, we did talk about that we are building 10-nanometer inventory. We have new products that we're ramping into the marketplace. And we do see some of those will be reversals as we go into the latter part of the year as that inventory will start flowing through the product area. So we would say this is very typical management of new product ramps and specifically around Sapphire Rapids, Alder Lake, we'll start seeing Raptor Lake as well. So those will be the key areas that you'll see that inventory shift occurring. Also, as we've indicated, we did see our customers' inventory burn down in Q1. We expect some of that to be in Q2 as well. But by the second half, we expect those adjustments and obviously the strength of second half outlook, we do expect much of that inventory burn to have finished in the first half and a strong second half as we're ramping our new products that will have much better performance feature, some of that with higher costs, but also coming with higher ASPs.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you, Stacy. And clearly, we overachieved in Q1, right? Q2, we were -- it's a little bit lighter, right? Given some of those, we've taken it down a bit, given some of those factors, but not substantially. This is very in line with what we expected. We were always forecasting a stronger second half of the year. And that's what gives us confidence. We have built into our year guide, some room, right, for things to happen. Like any good company would we built some expectations that not everything goes right. And that's why we're very confident in reaffirming our overall yearly revenue guidance. Now let's tease apart some of the factors that give us that confidence. First, we'd say, hey, we see strong growth in our DCAI business. We see strong growth in our NEX business. And particularly those areas, those are long lead time businesses with our customers. We have strong views of the business expectations that we have. We do see strength in the enterprise and governance business. First half to second half, you always see the normal cyclicality of the client business and particularly in the second half, we're going into a much stronger product line with Alder Lake and Raptor Lake and the reversal of inventories for Raptor Lake and Sapphire Rapids starting to hit there as well, which will be very nice to improve both operating gross margins as well as the revenue outlook. And then, right, we have an extraordinary set of products that were coming in the second half of the year. When you think about AXG, we have all of the discrete products ramping in addition to the mobile ones that we launched in Q1. We have our new GPU products with Arctic Sound. We have Ponte Vecchio ramping. We also have our blockchain products ramping. We have the new Xeons and NEX ramping, IFS is ramping. We see strength in our Mobileye business. So all of these give us confidence in the second half. And this is very consistent with the outlook that we gave in our Investor Day. We were always expecting this to be the characteristic of first half and second half. And obviously, a small beat in Q1, a little bit of weakness in Q2 that we've accounted for these disruptions and strength in the second half. We are on track to do exactly what we said at the Investor Day, and we're building momentum to accomplish exactly that, with the great execution that we saw in the first quarter around products, around manufacturing, around dealing with supply chain challenges. This machine is building momentum. We're confident in our second half outlook.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, C.J. And overall, this is the first quarter we're giving clear updates against the 6 business units. Clearly, that means things like DCAI, we're pulling out the NEX business from what might have been counted for before as part of data center. And we're giving clear views of how those businesses are performing, respectively. Overall, what we said in the client business, we'll see the seasonality plus a bit in the client business because of the strength of the product line. In DCAI, we see growth through the second half of the year. And we had strong year-on-year growth in the data center and AI business in Q1. And NEX, we expect that we're growing faster than the market. This is a good business for us. We're uniquely well positioned, and we see the strength of the Network and Edge being an area of particular growth. We were well over 20% growth rate in that business in Q1. So -- well, I don't think we'll see those kind of growth rates for the rest of the year, but a very strong growth businesses. But I'd also highlight that we are seeing the growth businesses, IFS, AXG and Mobileye being very strong growers for us, and they'll start more meaningfully as we go into the second half of the year, which is a little bit of the answer to Stacy's question before, solid growth across all of the business areas of the company, and we're starting to -- start seeing these new areas contribute in meaningful ways. So overall, affirming the second half of the year, seeing strength in all of the business areas, the product, the execution, all of them getting stronger.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And I'll just say, overall, the product line is healthy. We're seeing the mix shifts as you move to Alder Lake, Raptor Lake, being very strong, Ice lake as well. We'll start to see Sapphire Rapids factor into that in the second half of the year. So overall, we're coming into a stronger product cycle, Joe, right, which just gives us more opportunity to, right, to deliver higher value to customers, remix the products to higher price points. But overall, just have a more competitive product line as we go compete for market share as well.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you, Harlan. And overall, AXG is on track. And we launched the mobile SKUs. We'll have the desktop SKUs coming in Q2. And we'll have more SKUs as we go through the year as well. We'll be filling out the product line. A lot of work, right, in qualifying games. And if you're a gamer, you know that there's just a lot of individual optimization work on some of the key titles so that work is underway, working with our OEMs to populate their portfolios of products as well. So I'll say you're going to see more and more of that hitting the market, and we'll be filling out -- we have the 3 versions. We'll have the 5, 7 and 9 versions of the year products coming out as we go build up that portfolio this year. And also, as I alluded to, AXG just has a boatload of products that is coming out across different segments, our high-performance computing products, our GPU products for data center, our blockchain of products. So in addition to the discrete graphics products, we have just a lot of products coming out of it. So overall, it's on track for the volume goals as well as for hitting the $1 billion revenue goal that we said at Investor Day as we go build, as we said, over the 5-year horizon to a $10-plus billion business. We see this as a great opportunity for us. And we have some unfair advantages with technologies like Deep Link, where we really get to build on the strong robust installed base that we have, the many years of software work that we've built into the foundations of the PC platform. So these are reasons that we do think that we have a great opportunity to build a major new business for us and one that's -- we're coming from a very small place into a very large market, a great growth opportunity for Intel that we're executing on aggressively.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you. And the answer is yes, we're going to be delivering the GPU products first for mobile, as we said, next for desktop. It will be game-centric as we're bringing them out of the marketplace. But we're also going to have a full lineup and we see actually some very unique advantages as we think about media, some of the professional developers where we're already demonstrating radically advantage that positions like on some of the advanced graphics and media artist product lines. So these will be areas of strength. Particularly when we bring our Arctic Sound product into the marketplace later this year, this will be well optimized for GPU environments and particularly will be strong in areas like encoding and media processing as well that if you think about cloud, you can certainly think about AI and training workloads, but many clouds are actually spending far more time on transcoding and media operations. So that will be an area of unique strength of our Arctic Sound product line. So and -- so if you think about that taken together, we'll be competing in the integrated graphics, the discrete graphics, the GPU business, the high-performance computing business will really be leveraging that technology across the entire space of the market. And that's part of the reason that we're very encouraged by our ability to ramp this into a very significant business for Intel and one where we have a lot of advantages to build upon.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Great question, Srini. And clearly, one of the things that Intel as the market leader, right, the volume leader, it is this ability to ramp key new technologies. And with the Sapphire platform comes DDR5. And if we were talking 90 days ago, we were fighting through some challenges on DDR5 with the memory of suppliers and really working on debugging those interfaces. We now feel very confident that multiple suppliers are now qualified. We're seeing good momentum from the memory partners in this area, they're ramping up their supply chains for the Sapphire platform, right? It's really that one that brings a major new memory technology into the marketplace and really reinforces Intel as the leader in data center and server market. Overall, we're modeling very carefully, your exact question about looking at this versus the Ice Lake ramp. And our objective is to ramp this platform meaningfully faster than we did the Ice Lake platform. We're doing a lot of work for the software stack, the validation of that, making sure that we've really worked through all of the early sitings that customers would have, driving down the defect rates in the platform that our customers can ramp this at volume. And as I already indicated, we're seeing a tremendous amount of SKUs and instance types across all of the OEMs as well as all of the hyperscalers in the marketplace, and we're looking forward to those being broadly available in the second half of the year. As we -- and I think then maybe just wrapping up the call today, we're grateful for all of you joining us the opportunity to update you on the business. It's great that we start the year with a beat. We are looking at the momentum of the execution machine of Intel seeing solid progress, so 5 nodes in 4 years, Alder Lake, Sapphire Rapids, Arc launch, increasing momentum with our customers. We remain true to this building out of a geographically-balanced and more resilient supply chain. And there's just lots of good things in flight that gives us confidence, not only in Q2 but to reaffirm our guidance for the year. And our leadership team, we're fired up, and we believe that this is the greatest turnaround story in history, and it's my honor as the CEO of this great company to be able to be part of this leadership team. So thank you all for joining us today.
David Zinsner: Yes. So we had a good quarter in the first quarter in terms of yields. We are going to see a little bit of pressure on 10-nanometer in the second quarter. That's part of the reason we're seeing margins down to the low end of our stated range of 51%. But we do expect 10 nanometer to become a tailwind for us as costs improve through the back half of the year. And although Intel 7 is behind that, we're expecting the same from Intel 7.
David Zinsner: I mean a lot of it is obviously mix, either shifting away from consumer education and newer product ramps. But as I said in the prepared remarks, given the inflationary environment, we are looking for targeted price increases in certain segments. So that really hasn't shown up that much yet, but will be part of the story going forward through the year.
David Zinsner: I would just add, we set out a goal in the Investor Day for the company to have gross margins of 54% to 58% and call it, roughly 30% operating margin. And I think when we start to see the fruits of the investments we're making, both in terms of process technology that's weighing down on the COGS and the investments we're making in operating expense to build out the product portfolio and get to leadership, those things will start to show strong scale on the top line side. And so I would bet this business is accretive to our overall corporate average.
David Zinsner: Yes, sure. So it somewhat depends on the -- which capital offset you're talking about, the grant are usually aligned with a certain set of assets. And so they are contra and they get depreciated over the same life cycle of the asset. Things like [Indiscernible] that we talked about is a bit more of a financing arrangement. So it doesn't necessarily have an impact on the P&L, but it will be shown on the capital statement as a capital offset, like a partner contribution that will reduce our cash flow burn we have. Prepays are handled more or less like they show up as an asset on the balance sheet. And as you ship products, you reduce that account. So it's somewhat dependent on which one we're talking about. But the one I think that you're talking about is the government incentives and yes, you're right there, they're contra accounts. They're on the contra account.
