Trey Campbell: Operator. And welcome everyone to Intel's fourth quarter earnings conference call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you have not received both documents, they are available on our investor website, intc.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I am joined today by our CEO, Bob Swan and our CFO, George Davis. In a moment, we will hear brief remarks from both of them, followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder, that this quarter we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings presentation and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. With that, let me hand it over to Bob.
Trey Campbell: All right. Thank you George. Moving on now to the Q&A. As is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask just one question. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first caller.
Trey Campbell: Jonathan, I think we have time for one more question and then we will turn the call back over to Bob to wrap things up.
Trey Campbell: Thanks Bob and George and thank you all for joining us today. Operator, can you please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Bob Swan: Yes. Thanks Ross. Let me start, George. And you can chime in. First, thank you for the compliment on our fourth quarter results. When we look at 2020 demand cycles, we kind have three things going on that impact the first half to second half outlook. And George touched on a few of these. But first, at the macro level, this insatiable appetite for data and the processing resources that need to go to make that data relevant, those trends continue. And we feel very good about how we are positioned to capitalize on this increased demand. Second, as you know from a cloud perspective, which now is bigger and bigger part of our overall DCG revenue, we expect them to continue to benefit from the trajectories that that I mentioned initially. At the same time, you will remember from last year, our ability to protect the CSPs purchasing and then kind of digestion patterns is relatively hard. So we look at first half to second half, Q1 will be in essence the third quarter in a row of real strong consumption patterns from the cloud folks. So we know from history that at some point they go into digestion mode and the buying patterns begin to slow down. And it doesn't impact medium or long term trends but it does impact cyclical trends during the course of the year. And we have tried to, based on our past learnings, take that into account as much as we can. So hopefully we are wrong. Hopefully, we are conservative. But at this stage of the game, that's kind of how we looked at cloud purchases first half to the second half. The second thing, PC TAM, we think is going to be flat to down a little bit this year. And the expectation is the first half will continue to be Windows 10 refresh that George flagged. And we expect that to slowdown in the second half. And then the third item is modem. As we go into the second half of the year, we expect modem volume to be lower as we phase out of that business as smartphone modem moves to the 5G world. So those three things have us looking at the full year of kind of 2% growth and inherent in that is we know we have got a much more competitive environment. And our intentions during the course of year is to compete vigorously to protect our position while continue to expand as compute moves further and further away from the cloud out to the network and to the edge.
Bob Swan: And one last comment, I apologize. But I think just on a year-over-year basis, the comps in the first half of 2020 are going to be easier. And then after a very strong second half of 2019, comps will get tougher in the second half of the year. But, net net, as George shaped it up, we are looking for another record year in 2020. Thanks Ross.
Bob Swan: Yes. Well, first, we continue to make real good progress on yields on 10 nanometer. And that's been, after all the challenges we have had, that's been kind of a consistent theme over last the four to six quarter just on yields for 10. So we feel very good exiting the year and coming into this year on where we are on yields. Second, in terms of the product roadmap, we launched Ice Lake for client in the fourth quarter. We launched FPGAs, Agilex products on 10 nanometer in the fourth quarter. And then through the course of this year, we are going to have successive of products of AI inference accelerator, 5G SOC that we are really excited about for the 5G network, GPUs launched and then last but certainly not least, bringing out Ice Lake server product in the back end of the year. So we have launched. The yields are good. Designs across our portfolio of products are good. And we will ramp them up during the course of the year. But primarily in terms of volume, we will still be, the client business is the one we are going to ramp the fastest. It will the ramp during the course of the year. It will be on our second Gen of 10 nanometer or what will call 10+ in the second half of the year, which introduces a whole new level of performance for that product. But in the aggregate, we won't have a huge percentage of our overall company volume in the second half of the year. It will grow as we exit the year and become a much bigger part of our overall volume in 2021. And then last, I would just say that our intention back in May and we reiterated again today is that we want to get back to a two to tow-and-a-half year cadence. And shortly after launching 10, our expectations is we will have our first 7 nanometer product launch in the latter part about 2021 with CPUs to closely follow. So 10 is ramping. We will go to 10+ for clients and we will 7 on a two year cadence in 2021.
Bob Swan: Yes. It's a good question. And just a few things. I think first, in terms of how we deploy the technology. Today, our ecosystem partners have already received Ice Lake server samples. So that's kind the first step for us. And then what we indicated is, we will start production wafers in the first half of this year and that that will translate into production of shipments in the latter part of 2020. So that's a sequence of events. So production, we load wafers, we deliver samples, check. We load wafers first half. We deliver production output latter part of the year. So that's been pretty consistent with how we have been trying to ramp this over last the several quarters.
Bob Swan: Yes. First, we came into 2019 looking at kind of a flat PC TAM and when all is said and done, we end the year with about 3% growth overall and even stronger in the fourth quarter. So it's had a real strong, the market has had a real strong year in 2019. At the end of the year, as we indicated, we were still constraining our PC customers. And I would say, we left some backlog on the table that we are quickly trying to fill as we come in to the first quarter. So that obviously a disappointment in terms of our serving customers at the end of the year but adds to volume in the first quarter, first half. As we go through the course of the year, just from the macro level, we spent record capital in 2018, again record capital in 2019, as George laid out in his prepared remarks. We have record capital in 2020. And it's really geared to ensure that we never constrain our customers' growth. And our expectations in 2020 is it will have high single digit PC unit volume and against a market that we expect to be flat to down slightly. So we are going to be in good position and meet the market demand in 2020. We look to deliver on our full year outlook and to begin to build the inventory levels to more natural position so that the mix dynamics of what product we sell and when, we can manage the volatility in that much better than we have been able to in the fourth quarter. So supply constraints, we are maniacal about eliminating those so that we can meet customer demand and never have to worry about it.
Bob Swan: George, the only thing that I would add is, inherent in our guide is our expectations for lower ASPs and it's a function of two things. One that George mentioned, which is we will eliminate the supply constraints and begin to get more volume on small core which, as you know, has lower ASPs and secondly we are anticipating a more competitive environment as we go to the course of the year. So to kind of bring it back, we are ramping 10 is great and we are ramping 10 in the second half of the year. And in parallel with that, we are investing in 7 in 2020 and in 2021. And those are the things that we flagged back in May at the Analyst Day. And I would say the one thing that's really changed since then, is that our yields on 10 are just a little bit better and they are contributor to slightly better gross margin in the second half of 2019 and we expect that to continue to be a contributor this year as [indiscernible].
Bob Swan: I would also say, the channel inventories exiting the year for PC, I would say, are relatively low. And that's on us. So I do expect during the course of the year, we will build our inventory levels to more deal with spikes in demand. But at the same time, we expect the channel to be at more healthy levels as we exit 2020 and then through 2021. And then just the one other thing I would mention, as we think about the business overall and kind of the demand signals, we continue to make really good progress on the comms sector, particularly with the growth in the network and the role that we play and the transition to 5G. And we characterize as the intelligent edge, we delivered double digit growth with IoT for the last several years. And network and IoT are bigger and bigger parts of our business. So we think we are very well positioned. So when you think about PC volume, up or down over time, we got this bigger growing aspect of our business that places demand on our manufacturing footprint. So that's the only other thing I would add, Stacy. Thanks.
Bob Swan: Yes. I think first, it was middle of November, I should say, that we went out and we want to be able to provide as much advance notice to our customer base as possible if supply is going to constrain their ability to grow to give them time to deal with it. And in November, with strong data center growth, PC demand continuing to grow and a factory excursion, combination of those things we felt it was very important to get out to our customers as soon as possible. I think as we close the year, one of the favorable things was we got more output from our factories and because of the capacity we put in place in 2018, 2019 and going into 2020, we are really beginning to build back the capacity to meet the demand. So our expectations are, we will have sufficient supply in the first quarter or I should say sufficient supply throughout the year. I think our challenge is really going to be on two things, particularly on Q2 with PCs and that is linearity, not just the supply in the quarter, but week-on-week supply as our customers are hoping for. And then second, particular SKUs or mix, making sure that we have the right product mix. So we will have enough capacity. I think Q2 will be a little challenging as we try to deal with product mix and linearity but overall we really plan to be out of the supply constrained environment in 2020.
Bob Swan: No, we are in pretty good shape on server. And I think that going with 19% growth in fourth quarter depleted our inventory levels. So when you have that kind of spike in demand, we are not perfect across all products or all SKUs. But server CPUs, we really prioritize that and try to put ourselves in a position where we are not constrained and we are in pretty good pretty good shape. Pretty great shape macro. Micro, a few challenges here and there. But server CPU supply is pretty good.
Bob Swan: Yes. And the one other thing is maybe with the exception of litho, the reuse from one node to the next is still relatively high. So what we put in place for a 10 or a 7, for the most part, we can continue to reuse those tools for next generation. And the second part of your question, we have historically leveraged third-party foundries for a long time. And it's always been in the probably 20% to 25% of our overall supply we get from third-party foundries. And we continue to look at, particularly in the non-IA, non-CPU products, we continue to evaluate, in a capital-intense business, where is the best place to have these things manufactured. That's an ongoing process. And I would say, all else equal, the breadth of our portfolio as we play a larger and larger role in our customers' success, we build more products. And with that, the evaluation of what we do inside and what we do outside is a full-time effort at our end. So we will continue to do it. We will continue to prioritize where we can get the best, the most efficient output and make those decisions over time.
Bob Swan: Trey, maybe just to wrap. First, thanks for joining us. We feel great about how we wrapped up the year. Our best quarter in the company's history, 2019 the best year in our company's history and our outlook for 2020 is, we will do it again. We expect it to be another record year. And you know, our ambitions have just never been greater. As you know, we are going after a larger TAM. We are expanding the role that we play in our customer's success. We are leveraging our CPU architecture but also evolving beyond the CPU to GPUs and visual processing units as workloads continue to evolve. And given the overall dynamics of the industry, we feel very good about where we stand and we realize it's an increasingly competitive world. We feel like we are well-positioned to deal with it. So thanks again for joining us. Our focus is on obsessing about how we serve our customers best and we expect to do that better and better and that will be what really drives the growth of the company. So thanks and we look forward to another deposit 90 days from now.
George Davis: Yes. And I guess I would just add that we feel really good about the year overall. It's just going to be a little flatter in terms of the pattern and certainly than we saw last year and certainly different than our normal seasonal pattern. But good strength growth in all of the businesses really outside the PC, which is coming across some headwinds from TAM. But we still expect it to work on gaining back share in some areas where it's had difficulties in the past as we can start to provide more units.
George Davis: And we will expect to see more small core in the second half which may be part of the dynamic. We haven't really been in the serve that end of the market in the way that we would like to. So that maybe part of what you are looking at.
George Davis: So let me just start with the full year because I think that will be helpful. At the highest level, what you are really seeing is an impact largely related to 10 nanometer cost that are coming into the system during this year and increasing as we go into the second half for all the reasons that Bob laid out. We are actually getting some help that is moderating the impact of that from improving NAND pricing year-over-year, that's actually going to help us on gross margin and lower modem mix particularly in the second half of the year, but in the year overall. So those are the big drivers of modems and that nets out to about a 1% reduction. And in Q1, what you really seeing is lower modem and lower variable comp being the reason that we are moving up a point, say, from Q4. And so nothing unusual other than normally you would have expected to see a much bigger drop in Q1 gross margin because of the mix of products as it's obviously the seasonally down quarter for many of our businesses.
George Davis: Yes. So the way we would look at DCG, I would say the growth rate will be modestly lower than the overall growth rate. You got some very high growers contributing to pulling that up a little bit. So a little below the average but still attractive growth in the year.
George Davis: Yes. I hear your point. One of the things that we mentioned is, we are going to be producing in order to build inventory levels back up in the year. And so in the second half of the year, we would expect to be able to bring both our server products and most importantly, our PC products back to a more normalized inventory level. So we are being up in the high single digits is meant to allow us to not only satisfy our customers but also rebuild inventory. So your math is correct.
George Davis: It will be our own inventory. And then will have to see, if you look at some of the channel information, you might the customers trying to build some inventory as well. But when we are talking about building inventory, it's our inventory levels.
George Davis: Sure, why not. Maybe I will take CapEx and Bob you can cover the outsourcing piece. So on CapEx, part of the reason we are expecting $17 billion this year is we are building more space. Some of the longer lead time items, one of things that's really impacted us in terms of closing the gap on customer demand and our ability to support it has been not enough space available to fill with equipment which you can do in a much shorter time frame if you already have a space in place. So as we said, over half is going to be for space and then for 7 and 5 nanometer equipment. As you know, we have got all three nodes right on top of each other. And so we are going to be perhaps a little less capital efficient, when you combine that with the fact that we are trying to close the gap on meeting our customers' requirements. And I think all of those things add to the 417 billion. But also we are building for the future to make sure we have the kind of capacity shelf space in place where we can quickly add capacity to meet demand if necessary.
George Davis: Tim, let me just kind of correct the history just a little bit. What we said over the last couple quarters was, when the question was, A, when we look at 58%, which is what we quoted for Q4, does that mean is that the number that we should be expecting for 2020? And also with 57% on the table for 2021, is that where we are? And I said, we will be closer to 60% than we will be to either of those numbers. And so 59% is very much in line with what we believe we were guiding. So I don't really feel like we were down a point. But clearly the fact is that we talked about everything from product mix to 10 nanometer mix. Those are all things that are having an effect, particularly as the year plays out and also the shape of the year. BOB talked about some of things where we will be in, the mix in the first half is going be much richer than we would normally have seen and we may see a little less rich mix in the second half. So I think really nothing more than those type of movements which are very much in line with what we were thinking we would see this year.
