Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you, Vivek. I'll start out, would say that this first phase of the recovery, restoration, and rebuilding plan is now well underway. With 18A, PDK 1.0, with Panther Lake, Clearwater Forest powered-on, our geo footprint now starting to take shape, we have more competitive products in every segment of the industry. That said, with that foundation in place, it's time for us to focus on Phase 2, building a more financially sustainable model for the company for the future. Many of the new products are yet to ramp into the marketplace and we're just now getting to competitiveness. But we need to build a more sustainable business model for us that allows us to have the financial wherewithal for the long-term journey. I'd say this rebuilding that we're underway, this is the most significant rebuilding of Intel since the transition from memory to microprocessors four decades ago. We firmly believe in the IDM 2.0 strategy. We're building two world-class companies. The forensics that we've done this year, this clean sheet exercise as we could describe it, is building a world-class Intel Foundry and building a world-class Intel Products Group. These efforts we believe have identified many opportunities for us to have financial savings. We've launched those aggressive steps today, and we believe that with the new products, a better financial position that we've done for a more efficient operation that we see the long-term opportunity for significant value creation for all of our stakeholders.
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes, thank you, Vivek. And fundamentally, we believe our strategy will be maintained even as we get these more efficient steps in place. The CHIPS grants -- taking your questions sort of one-by-one, on the CHIP side, these are milestone-based investments. We still believe that we're comfortably able to execute against those milestones across the projects that we've announced. So we believe very comfortably that the CHIPS model that we've put in place, we've worked closely with the CHIPS program office in the U.S. government, we're very comfortable on those plans. Also, the foundry, we are seeing a lot of momentum in areas like the advanced packaging areas where we're actually seeing quite a lot of uptake and expansion of those opportunities. So the $15 billion of LDV that we've talked about and the $15 billion revenue by the end of the decade, we're very confident that those are still very solid guidelines for us to be building to. Obviously, with the capital changes that we've made, we're going to be driving just like a world-class foundry does to be much more efficient with our capital investments and scrutinizing them more carefully. And now that we've paid the capital to catch up, and I'll view -- this catch-up capital, we had no spare capacity, we had no site ahead, show ahead. We had no capacity to catch up. As those investments are now largely completed, we're able to focus much more on capital efficiency for the future and aligning our capital spend to the market signals as we see to the future of our products as well as the foundry commitments that we have in place. Finally, I'll just say, again, we're building this against the market outlook. We're going to flex our investments up and down appropriately, and we've now established a model with our smart capital to have that effectiveness that we can scale up and down to market conditions. So we feel like all of the things that we said for our strategy on track and we're now moving into Phase 2 of the execution of that strategy.
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes, let me point you back to what I said at the start. We started this forensics, this clean sheet analysis concurrent with the rolling out of our new operational model. We said we have to be a world-class foundry. We are going to benchmark ourselves against world-class foundries and that's what Intel Foundry is going to become, and that's uncovered a lot of things, a lot of inefficiencies, a lot of ways that we can drive our capital footprint more effectively, and every aspect of that business is being analyzed and how we do maintenance, how we procure chemicals, how we run and price wafers and shuttle lots and everything like that so clean sheet analysis. Similarly, on the product side, we've done exactly that same analysis. What does a world-class fabulous company look like. And we uncover quite a lot of areas where we don't leverage industry IPs. We're not using our EDA vendors as effectively. We've done too many steppings. We validate versus build-in design quality. So many of these things are steps that we're taking to be a world-class Fabless company, and these are significant structural steps. We also realized that as an IDM 1.0, we were never built for efficiency. We were built for leadership. And now as we add this focus on efficiency, we see a lot of opportunities. I'm having each of the four business areas, client, networking, and data center, look at their own portfolios, even though those are the right product areas for us for the future, and similarly, the portfolio of our Intel Foundry business and that's the work that we've now been undertaking and we're now accelerating based on the less than expected quarterly results, we're accelerating those impacts. We're going to drive that in the second half of this year. We want to get these restructurings done quickly so that we can move forward more aggressively with the product lines next year. In terms of the long-term forecast, we're clearly tempering our view of how fast we can grow in the near-term based on the market conditions. But our model is built that we will scale up or scale down the capital requirements appropriate to the market conditions we see. We believe the long-term guidance that we've given you, the 60:40, getting to the Foundry business model we've described, the growth areas that we've said, those are larger portions of our business. We believe those are long-term still achievable in that regard and we're on track for many of those things in the models that we're laying out and today's actions will help accelerate us achieving those.
Patrick Gelsinger: And just one thing to add on top of that, just to clarify, with Panther Lake already powered on, right, and showing good health, that is a product that we start ramping in the second half of next year, right? So we'll start to see some of those benefits, but obviously, the huge volume benefits of that really are in 2026, where we'll be very aggressive at bringing both the wafers home on a more competitive process with a more competitive product with Panther Lake, offsetting the volumes of Lunar Lake, which is almost entirely outsourced. So we bring Tiles home with a more competitive product and a more competitive process, and that really is, I'll say, the story that will start to unfold as we talk to you more next year.
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes, thank you. And obviously, Sierra Forest, right, E-core product, very efficient, but a new category for us, so we have to go win sockets with it. Early customer feedback, very positive. As we said, greater than 25% TCO value that they're seeing from it, but it's early in its ramp. Granite Rapids is really the peak core, I'll say, the more traditional Xeon for us and we'll start that ramp this quarter. But we'll take as anything in the server market, winning back share, winning back sockets is a longer-term cycle for that. But a lot of encouraging signs for Granite Rapids, even though a lot of the data center energy right now is on the AI build-out, as you know. So in this environment, we're largely facing a period where much of the investment energy is going into the AI footprint. So we're having to fight to win those socket back, but Granite Rapids looks very positive. The early health of Clearwater Forest is really spectacular. This is a really stunning technical achievement with the new design, 8A, this level of health, this are early in a major server product is really spectacular. The new Foveros Direct and should have substantial TCO benefits for next year. And then the next P-Core version of that on 18A is also showing very good -- not in fab yet, but showing a very good design progress. So we feel like the roadmap gets more competitive, and with it, we believe our market share position is fairly, I'll say, static, right? So year-on-year, we do see that overall the arm market share is more modest in the second half this year, so the X86 share, and we're stabilizing our overall position in the marketplace. We believe as we then go to fight to win back. One of the good things that we've seen for our server market is the AI head nodes where we're quite advantaged and we're seeing a lot of interest in Xeon being the head node of choice for anybody's accelerator, including ours. So a lot of things to unpack there, but we do feel like our position is stabilizing and strengthening with our products and the roadmap only improves from here.
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, Joe. And we do think that the enterprise market, right, is a more favorable market for us and we do have some early indications of a positive cycle there, but I'll say it's too early to give you any real firm indications, but we are starting to see, I'll say, better buying behavior, better signals from our OEMs in the enterprise market. Similarly, for the cloud market, we do believe there will be a refresh cycle, right, as people get their AI strategies in place. The TCO benefits of a server refresh now as we start talking about 3X, 4X consolidation ratios that they can have on their traditional, right, cloud environments, their container delivery environments, these are quite substantial. So we do believe that as our products get to be more competitive, right, and there is a natural refresh cycle on that, that the markets will be more favorable for the traditional CPU market. But of course, the story is CPU plus GPU, right, and that's the bigger message that we'll be delivering. And obviously, as Gaudi 3 starts shipping the CPU plus GPU use cases like we've described with OPEA, that will also help us for positioning on both sides of the cloud and the enterprise market for both CPU and GPU. That's the strategy that we're building toward.
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes, thank you. And at the highest level, the Foundry strategy unchanged. And we've built capacity corridor for Foundry customers. However, until we have committed orders, we're going to be modest on how much equipment we put against the shells and the sites that we have in place. And how much of that corridor we keep available, how much flexibility working with our equipment suppliers that we need for that will be a subject of careful scrutiny as we go forward. We've also made some adjustments in the capital investment that we need to support our current view of market forecast. So all of those are, say, are adjustments. The big thing is now that we're finishing this phase of aggressive build-out, right, and as you think about what we had to catch up, we had no EUV capacity. We had no shell ahead, side ahead capacity. We had no capacity to pull tiles home. As those come into place, we've been making substantial capital investments over the last couple of years, and now we're focused on how do we harvest those investments in 2024, 2025, and 2026. So we're putting much more aggressive view of capital utilization, right? How much capital require ahead of working with the suppliers to be more efficient in our capital dollars, just like a foundry does? And for that, we'll point you back to again, right, we're going to be a world-class fabless company. Intel Products, we're going to be a world-class Foundry with Intel Foundry. The last point I'd make here on this is a lot of the early success that we're having with foundry customers is advanced packaging. And there, the capital requirements are not as significant as required for wafer capacity. So we believe very much that we're seeing a surge of interest there. Customers in advanced packaging are clearly interested in us for capacity, but increasingly for our most advanced packaging technology. So that's an area that we believe we have as, and we've described before, as the on-ramp for Intel Foundry and that's continuing to look very good. The final point is the Intel Foundry capacity will be aligned with, right, to the first order, the Intel product requirements. And clearly, there's a lot of tiles externally in 2025, we bring those home in 2026, that's when we'll start to really, as Dave said, see the benefits of the model that we've put in place. Tiles coming home, leadership process technology, leadership products starts in 2025, deliver big-time in 2026 and beyond.
Patrick Gelsinger: As the Ireland factory ramps, a production factory will have a lower-cost per wafer start than a TV factory like Oregon. So it becomes a headwind as we go into next year.
Patrick Gelsinger: And I was just going to add one thing, as we move the Intel 4, Intel 3 capacity into Ireland, it also gives our TD team more focus on their capital on 18A as well as then 14A and 10A, and we're taking, for instance, the second high NA tool is coming into our Oregon facility. So we're well underway on 14A. So part of this was a capacity and cost decision for the long term. Part of it was an AI PC acceleration, but it was also a TD cadence decision and optimizing the use of our TD resources for the next-generation technologies, which are already well underway and showing good early indicators.
Patrick Gelsinger: Clearly, that's our objective for Dave and I. You all say that said, we have a lot of wood to chop until we complete that journey. The steps that we've taken today are significant, right, ones for our operational efficiency that we're putting in place. So clearly that's our operating objective that we have. But as we said, 2026 is really this year that many of these wafers come home, many of the new factory investments come online, the new process technologies. So I'd say that 2027 timeframe is still a good one, but you can trust that every aspect of what we're doing is to accelerate the profitability. And the significant announcement today of the cost and financial focus, right, will give us, I'll say, the scrutiny and the lens by which to focus our Intel Foundry, $10 billion next year is a big number and we expect that many of these operational improvements will carry-forward in 2026. Dave said, an acceleration of our adjusted free cash flow turning positive, so everything that we're doing is aligned with our thought, Srini.
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. I'll take that Matt. We feel very good with our client position, the momentum we have in AI PC. Here we have a very healthy ecosystem as well. And I'll say as the large market share position that we have, we're very focused on sell-in and sell-through in the channel. So I believe our overall view of inventory levels, where our market share is, we're actually quite comfortable in the indications that we've given some inventory sell-through in the third quarter above seasonal in Q4. Overall, the TAM expansion is low-single-digit, even though we're seeing a lot of enthusiasm around the AI PC and further TAM expansion as we go into 2025 as expected now broadly. We'd also say that our position in the commercial portion of this market is very strong with our vPro assets and we believe we're coming into a refresh cycle on the corporate. We also saw things like vPro have great success for customers as they were dealing with the CrowdStrike Blue Screen period and customers who are vPro customers were able to recover in a day or so, where customers not on vPro took weeks to recover from that. So a lot of reinforcement of the ecosystem, the leadership that we have on AI PC. And as Dave said, Lunar Lake and Panther Lake only make our market position stronger. So I think we're very comfortable and every indication so far this quarter is very solid for those outcomes.
Patrick Gelsinger: Yes. Let me just clarify, the $15 billion is lifetime deal value of committed deals, right? So this isn't a pipeline. This is committed business that we now have in place. So I just want to clarify that, Matt, because I think your question suggests that the pipeline. There's a lot more in the pipeline. This is $15 billion of committed deals. As you say, a lot of the near-term opportunity has been advanced packaging and we're seeing a significant expansion of that capability in terms of volume and technology. On 18A specifically, a lot of customers have been waiting for the PDK, right, and now that we released the PDK last month, the 1.0 PDK, we've seen a flurry of activity with the EDA, the IP vendors, and the end customers. So I'd be optimistic that we have good indicators coming in that area in the future, but this was really the starting point for many of them to go from test chips to start looking at production chips coming based on the PDK that we've just released. So we remain very comfortable with our earlier comments in that area. I'd say, we do believe that we'll have further updates there, but as we've also indicated, customers are reluctant to put their name out there given the supply base and the traditional operation of the Foundry industry. Overall, things are looking on track for what we've said with a meaningful acceleration in packaging over the last quarter, more updates to come. Maybe with that, John, I'll wrap us up. Thank you for joining our call. We appreciate the time as always. And I'd say on a couple of these topics, I hope to see many of you at the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference coming up where we'll have some further updates. I want to reiterate in a quarter like this that we are resolved to finish the audacious turnaround, the building of our process and product key milestones that we've achieved of this phase, but now we have to shift to putting more emphasis on the financial sustainability of our business. We're making difficult decisions as we rightsize. We rebuild a more efficient, leaner, agile Intel for the future and one that we're confident will enable our long-term success. Thanks, and good afternoon, everybody.
David Zinsner: Yes, sure. On the client side, obviously, we feel very good given our AI PC position, we're leading that new product category. And I think we talked a little bit in the prepared remarks about Lunar Lake, our next product coming in after Meteor Lake and the performance of that, so that looks like a phenomenally good product and position. We're making the early inroads on the AI side of data center and that's only going to grow as we go into next year. The big question is when does the kind of traditional CPU market recover? It has been tempered this year, and of course, affected by other regions of the world like China spending and so forth. That's obviously been a soft space and so we'll have to see how that plays out. And then NEX, obviously also outside of the telco space is starting to recover. And then we have these other businesses, Altera is starting to recover now. So we're optimistic that next year will be a good year for them and we'll have to see how Mobileye plays out ultimately. I think on the margin front, I talked about our kind of tempered view of gross margins next year, given the ramp of Lunar Lake, which with memory and package and almost all of the material getting sourced outside and they're seeing -- we're seeing inflation in that space that is impacting it. But that part is followed by Panther Lake, that comes back into the fab. And I think one of the bigger stories we'll have once we get beyond next year is kind of the resurgence of our internal facilities to start taking on a lot of the capacity that we had to move into the external sources should provide some meaningful improvement in terms of -- in terms of profitability. And then, of course, we've done a lot, as Pat talked about in terms of restructuring the business and those will start to show up next year, but will be even more impactful the following year, including the new operating model. So I think the good news for us is we actually don't need a ton of growth to see our model play out, both in the kind of medium term and long term in terms of gross margins and operating margins. And if we do get the growth, it puts us in an even better position.
David Zinsner: Yes. So as I talked about to Ross, CJ, the good news for 2026 for us is that, that really begins the shift back to the internal manufacturing footprint for a lot of our tiles and so bringing back more wafers to the internal network will meaningfully improve the cost structure. I think the adjustments in CapEx, which are clearly helpful in terms of cash flow in the near term become really beneficial to the cost structure as depreciation becomes kind of less of a headwind for us, so that will also be helpful. And then like I said, we've got all these structural improvements that are coming our way, both from the actions we've taken today, but the new operating model and decisions will get made on a go-forward basis that will just optimize our business model going forward. I think 2026 should be a good year for us in terms of gross margins. We'll save the actual number for a later date when we have more visibility into how things are playing out. I think from a mix perspective, it's probably not going to be a big headwind or tailwind for us, just strict mix other than as we move towards more leading-edge wafers, the margins on those wafers are significantly better than the margins in pre-EUV nodes. So that will -- that will be one factor that will certainly help us. It also -- in that regard, that also helps us on the pricing side because, obviously, from a wafer perspective, we get better pricing on EUV wafers as opposed to pre-EUV wafers. And then ultimately, I think on pricing, it will really come down to when we have a competitive process and we have competitive products running on a competitive process and we're delivering what the customers want, that helps us in terms of the pricing dynamic. And we're getting to the place as Pat talked about where we're starting to deliver on all those fronts. And so I feel good about our opportunity to realize that in the form of pricing as we progress through the next few years.
David Zinsner: Yes. I'll say, given that some of the actions we're taking will kind of go through at least the early part of next year, we're going to enter at a higher number than we're going to exit, I'll give you that. And we should be down in 2026 relative to 2025. Give me some time as we progress through the year to start to fine-tune the budget for 2026 and I'll give you more clarity around that.
David Zinsner: Yes. Okay. That was the biggest one. Let me -- I'll just say that there were a couple of other things that we had to do some write-offs related to legacy businesses that impacted us. Our utilization was a bit lower that did impact us. But the biggest one was the shift. We were originally planning to ramp Meteor Lake, Intel 3, and even run production on Intel 4 -- sorry, Intel 4, and then run production on Intel 3 in Oregon, which is our TD fab, our process technology fab, kind of our development fab. We made the decision to more quickly shift all of that over to Ireland. And it's a good move because it saves capital. We don't have to spend capital twice essentially. And it starts to mature the Intel 4 and Intel 3 processes in Ireland more quickly. The downside of that is the wafers are expensive right now. And so we get this kind of early ramp of the product at a much higher wafer cost that we're pushing through the system and that puts pressure on the margins. That's going to carry into next quarter. I mean, we will do better in next quarter, obviously, but we're going to do more volume and the margins will be below the corporate average because of -- because while we're improving the wafer cost, it's not -- still not to the point where it's above corporate average yet. And so it will weigh down on margins for the third quarter as well. After that, we start -- it gets more and more mature, the cost structure gets better and the situation on Meteor Lake will improve meaningfully.
David Zinsner: Okay. All right. So I think the best way to think about it is, we were -- I don't know, 400 basis points or so off on the gross margin taking into account revenue was part of it. It was a meaningful chunk of that 400 basis points. There was the write-offs related to legacy businesses and the mix and underutilization also affected and it wasn't an insignificant amount, but that was a good portion of that 400 basis points, let's call it that. And that will be the case in the third quarter probably given the increase. I think we're talking about a 50% increase in Meteor Lake quarter-over-quarter in the third quarter. Beyond that, it's going to start to become less and less to the point where it's actually not going to be a headwind.
David Zinsner: Tailwind as we go into... Now as we -- now the challenge for next year will be, we'll now be ramping Lunar Lake next year. Lunar Lake has the memory in the package, so we're going to have to essentially buy that at a price and turn around and include that in our price at 0% margin. So that puts some negative pressure on the margins. And additionally, it's got more of the content sourced externally, and as you know, we're seeing some inflation. So that one then becomes more of the -- Meteor Lake starts to be helpful, but Lunar Lake starts to become a drag on the Intel Products margins, which is why we're tempered in terms of our outlook for margins next year because we're going to have a lot of improvements on the Intel Foundry side. It's going to be tempered on the product side and it's really going to be because of Lunar Lake.
