David Zinsner: Yes. Well, let me just -- if you don't mind, let me step back. I want to talk a little bit about Q3 for a second because Q3, I was really proud of the team's performance in terms of gross margins for Q3 coming in just shy of 46%. It was great execution in terms of spending from the team. They also did work on the underloading, which helped, and we were able to sell through some previously reserved inventory, and so that really helped propel the gross margin. So we had phenomenal fall-through in the third quarter. I'd say fourth quarter, we start to go back to what would be more of our typical fall-through range, somewhat muted by the fact that we are still going through 5 nodes in 4 years. There is spend associated with that, which kind of mutes us. So we're probably a little bit higher normally in terms of fall-through, but with that, it's probably like a 60% fall-through. That's kind of the normal range we think of, and that's what we're guiding for the fourth quarter. Beyond that, we'll save the rest of the commentary for next year when we close out '23. I would just say just on a longer-term basis, Pat has talked a lot about gross margins of 60%. And I feel like we are even more confident around our ability to hit that 60% threshold for a number of reasons. One, the execution that Pat talked about on five nodes in four years. When we get through that, of course, we eliminate the headwind on margins, but it turns around to a tailwind because when you're a process leader, you get better gross margins. Also as product execution improves, that also as we launch the products that are competitive in the marketplace. And we've seen that already in the client space, that helps on the gross margin side. But then more importantly, maybe the thing that's near and dear to my heart is this internal foundry model that we've built, where we're now measuring the manufacturing and TD organization as a separate P&L. We'll officially do that next year and we'll segment report it that way. But we're already this year starting to look at it that way in operations reviews. We're starting to do the planning for next year in that -- with that lens. We're doing the long-term plan in that lens. And all the things that we thought we would see in the dialogue between those functions, we're already starting to see now. We see the product organizations already starting to optimize around test times, around stepping, around how many samples and hot lots they do in the fab. Suddenly, things they didn't spend a lot of time thinking about before, they care a lot about now. And we're already starting to see improvements in the P&L because of that. On the same front, in manufacturing, they're now really, really worried about loadings. They're worried about a P&L. They want to drive the most revenue they can in their P&L, try to drive the cost down as much as possible. So I just think that we will see a lot of opportunities as we progress through '24 and beyond that are really going to make an impact on gross margins and give us a lot of confidence around this 60%.
David Zinsner: Yes. So again, back to the pride thing, I'm really proud of what we did in the third quarter and really what we've been able to execute for the year on that spend reduction. There was a lot of work associated with that. We had to drive a lot of, obviously, efficiency. But more importantly, as Pat talked about, we kind of end of -- or we took 10 programs or product areas and either divested of them or closed them out in an effort to improve our spending. And as we see -- and in addition to that, I would say that we also looked at businesses where we thought we could dramatically unlock value. And we think we've done the three areas that we thought most likely unlock value. So I think from that perspective, we feel we're pretty done with the activities associated with spending. And so that said, we are -- we do think we'll see benefit from our internal foundry model not only on the cost side but also on the OpEx side. And so that's the area that we'll focus over the long-term in terms of managing spending. And ultimately, the goal is to get to 60% gross margins but it's also to get to 40% operating margins. So that does entail driving efficiency in OpEx and we think there's plenty of opportunity. I'd say the same thing on OpEx that I said on gross margins. We'll save the fourth quarter -- or the ‘24 visibility for ‘24 when we close out ‘23.
David Zinsner: I'd just add one other thing. When we track the linearity of shipments, linearity was really, really good in the third quarter, and it's off to a really good start for the fourth quarter. And generally, when you see really steady shipment across the entire quarter, that's a good sign that you kind of balanced out the inventory and you're really just kind of shipping in what's shipping out.
David Zinsner: Yes. I'd say I think the first thing to kind of improve the gross margins is going to be around getting ourselves finally to process leadership and getting the products completely, as Pat was talking about, the product road map improving significantly, getting to the -- to where we have definitive leadership across all products. I think those two things will drive a significant lift on the gross margins, irrespective of anything else we have on the business front. And then when I look at, as I talked about this internal foundry model, I just think there's so much low-hanging fruit on the cost side, both in the business units and also in the manufacturing TD are kind of internal foundry business, that there's significant improvement that we can make on gross margins. Yes, mix does have an impact on the business, and we have a wide range of products that will have different margins. But almost all of them are punching below their weight right now. And as we improve all of them, that should lift the gross margins meaningfully over time.
David Zinsner: Yes. Maybe I'll start. Pat, feel free to chime in. Obviously, it was, I think, pretty important for us to show profitability this quarter. That was one of Pat and I's goals written on a sheet of paper that we wanted to see this business return to profitability. That said, it's making a lot of investments right now to improve the product portfolio on the CPU side and make the investments necessary on the AI front. But this business longer term should have margins that are very similar to margins you see from its peers when they are operating at healthy levels of margins. And so we have a lot of work to do to get there but I think the path is pretty clear. And of course, ASP will be a component of that but there's a lot of efficiencies that you can drive beyond just ASPs that will improve the margins longer term.
David Zinsner: Yes. I mean, it was a meaningful benefit, the underload improvement in the quarter. That said, there was still a reasonable amount of underload charges in the quarter. That does improve a bit in the fourth quarter. But we'll be kind of dealing with this underload hangover, I'd call it, probably all through next year as we kind of progress, largely in part because while we will improve the loadings and probably get beyond underload charges on a quarterly basis, we'll still have all of that underload kind of tied up in the cost of the wafers in inventory, and that still has to get flushed through before we're completely done. So meaningful improvement. I'd say we have -- we're largely out of the woods but still some wood to chop through next year to where we're completely clean in underload.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And first, I'd say we're -- come to a different conclusion than what you might have heard from them. We feel that our five nodes in four years, the leadership position that we expect with Intel 18A, this is a remarkable set of work. And as you heard me say in my formal comments, we think of 18A as a work of art. This is the finest transistor, right? And we've invented the last 30-years of transistors. This is the best one that's ever been built, right? And that and PowerVia, we feel very confident that we are on track to the leadership position that we described. And as we've also said, hey, we're well underway on the things after that. And things like high-NA, the next generation of EUV or advanced packaging with glass, all of these are now being backed up and reinforced by their customer commitments. Three 18A customers now making commitments, the prepay customer I spoke about earlier, two additional customers, partners, we announced the ARM relationship in April, and they're now seeing very positive results on power performance area from 18A. And as we think about the relationship with TSMC, hey, this is a great company and one that we partner with, one that we are a competitor to, one that we're a customer of. We collaborate with them. As you saw, they became an investor in the IMS business this quarter as well. And as a customer of those, we're very happy with how they're supporting us and our products as we're raising many of these products forward to there, a critical supplier to us as we're a critical supplier to them. This is one of the most critical relationships in the industry. I spent a lot of time personally on it. We're very confident in our road map. And this is really an exceptional quarter for five nodes in four years and getting back to process leadership. We are well on our way to doing exactly what we said we would.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you, Ross. And overall, I think what you're seeing is the industry is excited around the AIPC. And as I declared this generation of AIPC at our Innovation Conference a couple of months ago, we're seeing that materialize and customers, competitors seeing excitement around that. ARM and Windows client alternatives, generally, they've been relegated to pretty insignificant roles in the PC business. And we take all competition seriously. But I think history as our guide here, we don't see these potentially being all that significant overall. Our momentum is strong. We have a strong road map, Meteor Lake launching this AIPC generation December 14. Arrow Lake, Lunar Lake, we've already demonstrated the next-generation product at Lunar Lake, which has significant improvements in performance and capabilities. We'll be signing Panther Lake, the next generation in the fab in Q1 and Intel 18A. We announced our AI Acceleration program, which already has over 100 ISVs part of it. We'll have -- we expect in the next two years over 100 million x86 million AI-enhanced PCs in the marketplace. This is just an extraordinary amount of volume. The ecosystem benefits that, that brings into the marketplace. When thinking about other alternative architectures like ARM, we also say, wow, what a great opportunity for our foundry business. And given the results I referenced before, we see that as a unique opportunity that we have to participate in the full success of the ARM ecosystem or whatever market segments that may be as an accelerant to our foundry offerings, which are now becoming, we think, very significant around the ARM ecosystem with our foundry packaging and 18A wafer capabilities as well.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes, thank you. And overall, I'd just say there's a lot -- a surge of interest in this category, Joe. In the Gaudi business for us, we're coming from a small base but it's expanding rapidly. We do see a mix of training opportunities and inferencing opportunities. When we go to the inferencing side of the workload, which we think will be the significant expansion of workload going forward, a few people generate models, a lot of people use them. Sort of like how many people do weather modeling? Not many. How many people use weather models? A lot. And that's how we think about training and inferencing? So the power, the market will be in the inferencing deployments. And that will be both a Gaudi play as well as a Xeon play. And I would point to the example that we spoke about, for instance, with Dell where they really see bringing together both of those to give us a full portfolio of adding inferencing to existing workloads where our AI-enhanced Xeons will be strong as well as creating farms for inference, inference or for training where Gaudi will be more of a play. Now the interest that we've seen in Gaudi is a worldwide statement. So we have demand portfolio that really sort of matches the Intel balance across all geographies. We're also seeing a huge upsurge in the amount of cloud where this provides the fast on-ramp to the Intel AI and all of our advanced silicon offerings. But I'd also say, Joe, that this is an AI everywhere play, as I said in my formal comments, which is also edge and client as well. So we view it as edge, client, on-premise data center as well as a cloud. And this AI continuum is a unique position for Intel that we think gives us a very large opportunity to see this upside of capabilities that the AI workload is going to drive across all elements of computing.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, Joe. And I do think there's a lot of interest in that. On the export controls, as you look at them and read them, they're very much aimed at the high-end training and these accelerator, the high-end accelerators on where they are aimed. Now obviously, some of that was for us as well in China. But we also, as I said, in the first part of your question, we saw a worldwide demand for our activities there. And overall, we're now supply constrained on Gaudi and racing to catch up to that supply worldwide. Of course, we're studying those -- the new BIS released rules carefully. We're working with BIS. We're in the 60-day comment period with BIS so we're actively working with them. We do believe that we'll have plenty of opportunity in China continuing to deploy our products there broadly even as we comply and work with BIS specifically around the regulations that they're putting in place, particularly around high-end accelerators and AI training. So overall, we feel and have included that as part of our overall guidance for the fourth quarter. We feel good about the momentum that we have for AI everywhere, and we'll, of course, be engaging with our customers, the governments and as we build out our road map taking all of that into consideration.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, Ben. Happy to unpack that a little bit more. So we announced back at the Deutsche Bank conference that we had our first major prepay customer for that. That effort has continued to go very well since that point in time, and the relationship is expanding with that customer. But we also added two more customers this quarter as well, so now we have 3 committed external customers on Intel 18A. At the beginning of the year, I promised you one. Here we are in the third quarter, we have three, and I hope to finish at least the fourth before the end of the year. Also with 18A, this PDK milestone, and if you're inside of the industry, hitting PDK 0.9 is a really critical milestone. As I said in my formal comments, this is when the invention phase is done. And now we're into the productization phase, ramping yields, refining performance and getting the process capabilities ready for manufacturing. So a critical milestone which we also say now as we release that to external customers, now a lot of them can start looking at 18A, and we start fanning out the engagements that we have in the industry. So a critical milestone on 18A. But the other thing that we saw this quarter, which was a little bit unexpected was this huge surge in interest for AI customers and Intel's advanced packaging technology. And this is the 1 that probably we didn't even quite realize. We always knew that Intel's packaging technology was the best in the industry, but the amount of interest that we've seen. So we completed two additional customers, so three 18A wafer customers, two additional packaging customers, and we have a pipeline that we're in active negotiations with six additional packaging customers as well. And I think about this as the fast on-ramp to the Intel Foundry Services. And a wafer customer's multiple billion dollar customer. A packaging customer is hundreds of millions of dollars. And that billions of dollars takes two to three years to materialize. The wafer customers takes two to three quarters to materialize, right, in the packaging. So this is a much faster way for us to build out that business. And we're going to start to see those packaging customers start to materialize for us in revenue next year. And you add to that the Synopsys partnership, the ARM momentum, the Tower agreement, this was really the flywheel of momentum has now begun for the Intel Foundry Services business. It really is putting points up across the board for that business, and super happy with the amount of energy that we're now seeing across the industry for the foundry business. This was a great quarter for foundry at Intel.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Three quarters in a row, we've seen the client business being very healthy now for us. Our customers' inventory levels are very healthy in that regard. So we see our sell-in being matched by a sellout for those customers. As we said, the 270 million consumption TAM is something we indicated earlier in the year, and now we're seeing that play out exactly. And here we are three weeks into the quarter and I'd say it's looking really good. So our views and forecasts of our client business is very healthy for the fourth quarter. And we do think this idea of ushering in the AIPC generation will be a multiyear cycle. So we do think this will bring excitement into the category even starting with the Meteor Lake or the Core Ultra launch in Q4. We also have some other incremental tailwinds with Copilot launch from Microsoft coming up this quarter. We also have the Win 10 end-of-service support coming up. Those are just incremental tailwinds that just build us more confidence in it. And finally, our road map is great. And Meteor Lake looking good, rapidly ramping what we have coming with Arrow Lake and Lunar Lake and then Panther Lake in the future. So every aspect of this business is demonstrating health, maturity, momentum and great opportunity for tomorrow.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes, and there's a couple of things to unpack there. Just our views of the quarter, we would have expected that we lost some market share. That was based on competitive losses from last year even that are just rolling through our customers. That said, we did a bit better than we thought we would in the quarter. We are ramping Sapphire Rapids, which has a higher ASP more rapidly than we would have expected also as we go to the higher core count versions, that drives up the per socket ASP more aggressively. So overall, we definitely feel those competitive pressures. And as I say, we're working for issues that began years ago. But we're also combining that with Sapphire Rapids, Emerald Rapids, Gen 5, the road map for Sierra Forest and Granite Rapids which have much higher core counts, which will drive higher ASPs as well. So all of that put together, we do feel like we're on a very solid trajectory for the business overall. We will see ASPs continue to rise. The road map is very healthy as we go forward. And I feel like the market and our customers are starting to feel that competitiveness come back to our business here and looking forward to the benefits that a stronger Intel road map will offer to them and their businesses.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And as Dave and I think about the 60-40 model that we're driving to long term, we think about the Data Center business being above that for it, where some of the more volume-oriented businesses like client might be a little bit below that. But taken together, that's how we're driving the business. And overall, as we said, we see a lot of margin expansion potential across Data Center, Client, Networking and Foundry as we get back to process leadership and build that business up. I'd also emphasize that as we build our foundry capacity, we build more capacity in our factory network for our internal and external customers. That's a tide that lifts all boats for us because it improves the profitability not just the foundry but the competitiveness and the profitability of our product businesses as well. So overall, we feel like this is a really important milestone for us this quarter, seeing not just great financial results but the operational results were even better than that, which is what led me to say, hey, this was an outstanding quarter for us overall.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And hey, as one of the earliest companies in Israel now, almost 50 years that we're in country, I appreciate deeply. These are the Intel team. This is people that I consider friends personally as well. That said, the resilience of the Intel team is remarkable. And despite all of these challenges, we'll say they're not missing a single commitment. They're performing extremely well. We continue to deliver the products that they're working on and continuing to drive the factory operations and our factory expansions that we have there. That said, one of the benefits of Intel's multi-geo supply chain that we uniquely have in the industry is resilient. And Intel 7 is running a factory there in Israel. We also have two other locations that we run Intel 7. We're making sure that we have the resilience of our supply chain for all of those products so that we can be very assured, even as we're highly confident in the capabilities of our Intel Israel team to continue to perform despite the atrocities, we're also confident that we have a resilience in our core business model that gives us flexibility to assure supply and continued operation across the globe regardless of what issue you may have in Asia, Americas, Europe, Middle East, we are well positioned to deliver that for our customers across all of our operations.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And I do think there's clearly been the surge of interest in gen AI, which has, over a couple of quarters, driven a bias on the part of the cloud guys, in particular, to where do they put their floor space? Where do they put their power budgets, right? And that's been driving largely a race for the largest system environments that they can put in place. That said, training of these large models is interesting, but the deployment of those models, the inferencing use of those models is what we believe is truly spectacular for the future. And that will -- some of that will run on the accelerators, but a huge amount of that is going to run, right, on Xeons as we bring AI into those applications or AI-ification of existing applications. And given the leadership performance that we have on our Gen 4 for AI applications, that gets better with Gen 5. And when we deliver Granite Rapids, it gets 2 times to 3 times better, as I said in the comments. It gets even better as we go further out into the road map. So the ability for us to do inferencing at scale on our Xeon product line, we think, is very profound as we go forward. The road map is very healthy. The combination of Gaudi and our Xeons, that is exactly what you heard Dell announce in their road map. And we're just seeing, I'll say, the normalcy of that in the buying behavior. We saw a very good uptick for our OEMs this quarter as they're seeing their Xeon businesses. We're also seeing more ecosystem embrace our DevCloud. Lots of customers coming on it for both AI use cases on Xeon and on Gaudi. Key announcements like we had from Deloitte as they're partnering with us across application optimization as well as AI development on Xeon platform. So overall, we feel pretty comfortable that we're in a cycle that there will be growth in CPUs led by Xeon, as well as accelerators. And Intel is going to be participating in both of those capacities in meaningful ways. And this is part of what we said is AI everywhere. AI at the edge, AI at the client, AI in the data center and AI in the cloud, but inferencing will be the discussion topic for the industry as we go into ‘24. That will be done at scale and much of that is going to be done on Xeons. So with that, let's just thank you for joining us. Again, I want to reiterate our thoughts for our resilient Intel team in Israel and for all of those in the region that are affected by recent events. I also want to thank you for joining us on the call again today and your interest in Intel. We appreciate the opportunity to update you, answer your questions, respond to that. Most important, we are excited by the momentum we're seeing. As I said, the financial results were great. The operational results were truly outstanding this quarter. And it's a confirmation of our foundry strategy, of our five nodes everywhere, of our AI everywhere strategy. And we do hope that you're able to join us for our launch of Emerald Rapids Gen 5, Meteor Lake, Core Ultra in New York in December. And I do also hope to see you all at our Q1 Intel Foundry Day. Thank you. Good afternoon, good night wherever in the world you'd be. Take care and be safe.
