Pat Gelsinger: Thanks, C.J. So when you look at the fourth quarter, first of all we are at this point given the inventory burns in both CCG and DCAI shipping at below the rate of consumption for those markets. And so there is a natural recovery that occurs that we would expect as we progress through the rest of the year once inventory is in a good place. So we do feel we’re at the bottom here in terms of revenue in the Q2, Q3 time frame and Q4 would recover just based on that alone. I’d say the other thing is we’ve got a good set of products coming out over the course the second half of the year. And I think that we’re kind of operating with winded our sales in terms of product offerings in all of our businesses. And then third, we are increasing pricing. The pricing generally takes effect in the fourth quarter. We’ve gone a fair amount of time. The advantage of the IDM strategy is we can absorb a lot of inflationary impacts that others can’t. And so we were able to kind of go a bit longer in terms of the price increases, but at this point now that some of those pricing increase or inflationary increases have turned out to be more permanent where there’s a certain amount of asset we do need to pass-on to the customers and they’re comfortable to do that. And so that also is a factor. And then lastly, I would just say the fourth quarter is generally just a seasonally strong quarter for us and particularly in the PC space. So I think all those factors give us really good confidence that Q2, Q3 represent the bottom for revenue and that fourth quarter we’ll see some strength.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thanks, Vivek. I think that officially is actually two questions, but anyway, I’ll – we’ll take them both. On the market side, we’ll say we were well into the quarter and we saw the market characteristics change quite suddenly, right, and that resulted in both the sell-through and the marketplace, but also these significant inventory adjustments. We worked with our customers on those inventory adjustments. And as we said, these are like once in 10-year kind of inventory adjustments, because the customers were working through the quarter, catching up to demand that was short for years, right? And all of a sudden as we saw that shifting, they took quite significant adjustments to their inventory positions. And we wanted to be in a position that we had some thoughtful view of what the market was for the future. So that’s the reason that brought us to today. We think that we’ve given you a clear view of where the market is coming into the future. The DCAI point, as I said in my formal comments, we were disappointed. Some of that was driven by the macro; it was also match set issues that we’ve been struggling with as well. And Ethernet components, power supply components, et cetera have been challenged. But as we also said, we had some of our own unique execution issues and we kept the quality bar high on Sapphire Rapids and thus we did another stepping, which was a forecast, which put some inventory and reserve issues in front of us as opposed to high ASP new product revenue. So some of those things were unique issues to us that we were addressing. That said, we do feel like the progress in the data center, right, is clear in front of us. We have – Emerald is looking very good. We’ll be powering on Sapphire or Sierra Forest and Granite Rapids shortly. All of that taken together, we feel our competitive position is improving. We also see that we know where the market share is and wins like we announced with AWS and Meta, we are going to focus on every socket, every workload, every customer quite aggressively on both AWS and Meta. These were substantial wins for us this quarter and we’re hoped to be announcing several others like that as we go forward. We’re also bringing new capabilities as we sort of said in our formal comments. The size of our footprint here is underappreciated, and we’re going to be focusing on really benefiting from that and bringing new capabilities against that enormous footprint with capabilities like Granulate and our Amber security service, things that allow us to bring more value to our customers as well as harvest more revenue from that enormous installed base. So all of that taken together, we feel like we are owning up to the challenges that we had in data center, but have a clear view of how we write this business for the future and are well underway and doing exactly that.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And giving a bit more detail on Sapphire, we’re already ramping a number of SKUs of Sapphire rapids already. They began ramping last quarter. So, we have a number of those ramping. The particular issue that we highlighted, wasn’t affecting those SKUs, so those continue to ramp. So we did another tape out, which I’ll say for the larger volume skews, and those will be volume shipping in the second half of the year. So you’ll see us ramping those and launching those. So we’re fully on track for that. And we feel like we’re over all of the issues that we’ve had in bringing that product to the marketplace. So we feel very comfortable with that. We’re then working very closely. Emerald goes into the Sapphire platform, so we’re working very closely with our customers and the timing there, the product is looking very healthy, so we’re nicely on track. So that will be a 2023 product and then Granite and Sierra Forest is the 24 product. And just to remind everybody, this is a major new platform. We believe this is a major step forward as we go into Granite Rapids, but also is our first E-core product with Sierra Forest, right. And this we believe is really sort of this ability to have a fleet offering where a lot of cloud workloads just say, give a great container and let me run that quite firmly, efficient TCO efficiently. And that’s what Sierra Forest will do. And then Granite Rapids clearly the performance leader in the marketplace. So both of those will be 24 products. And again, right, we’re powering on that this next quarter. So we’re looking very healthy. Or this quarter, I should say, in Q3. So looking very good so far. So we’ll just say the roadmap is healthy, looking on track and our execution here must improve. Many of these products were well underway when we showed up. As we said, the culture right of execution needs to be rebuilt. And we are working heavily to rebuild the culture of this team. And in fact we just completed our employee engagement survey. And this was the most significant year-on-year improvements in history. Many of our employee engagement survey results now are now best in industry. We’ve totally reversed the brain drain that we had, so teams are excited. The momentum is building. And many of these products, hey, we’re launching the new products with the revising, hear us talk more about our TikTok execution discipline going forward. But a lot of these products were underway. So they weren’t launched with the new execution and methodology discipline. So we’re working through those. And as each one of these gets better, our execution and confidence in those deliveries is improving, culture is improving, we’re making great progress. Thank you. Next question.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. And as Dave is alluding to the passage today by the house of the CHIPS Act following the Senate Passage on Tuesday, this is historic legislation. Literally since World War II, there might not have been a more important piece of industrial policy that’s came forward through Congress. So we are thrilled by that. And then also something that we pointed to, and we’ve been very active and I’ve been very active. This is great for the semiconductor industry. This is beneficial to Intel. This was one of the pieces of the smart capital program as we described back an Investor Day. And now seeing this come across the line will clearly be part of that ability for us to invest aggressively in the strategy that we described to you. We see this as an accelerant to our strategy and something that will give us the capacity to both meet our product needs as well as our Foundry customer needs as well. This is powerful and something that we are thrilled to have come across the line just today. We look forward to this being on the President’s desk in the next couple of days and signed into law. This was a historic moment for the semiconductor industry. And I hope everybody on the line just realizes how significant the passage of this was for semiconductors, for technology, for long-term research, this was huge. We were thrilled to be a part of it.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Thank you, Harlan. And if I would just to step back slightly, right, I view the recovery, rebuilding in three different chapters. One was TD and manufacturing…
Pat Gelsinger: …best transistors capacity. Second design and products. We have to deliver the products that we say to our customers. And if they ask for it Monday at noon, Monday at 11:59, it is there right in the volumes you say, at the performance levels, power levels, et cetera. And the third chapter is building growth, right. And establishing the new products, the new product lines for growth and obviously, we’ve laid the foundations for all three. As TD and manufacturing are now making good progress. The focus really is get the product and design execution superb again, right. And I point back to that sort of tick–tock discipline that we had in the past, that was a key part of what we’re doing, and that’s exactly what we have underway, rebuilding that kind of product disciplined execution. Clearly the Sapphire Rapids miss that we had, we’re raising the quality bars for that. We weren’t shipping at the quality levels, the security levels that we needed to in the past going clearly we shouldn’t have had that bug in the product in the first place. So that caused another stepping for the volume release. Our software release on our discrete graphics, right, was clearly underperforming. We thought that we would be able to leverage the integrated graphics software stack. And it was wholly inadequate for the performance levels, gaming compatibility, et cetera, that we needed. So we’re not hitting our 4 million unit goal in the discrete graphics space, even as we’re now catching up and getting better software releases. We also – I’ll say the timelines for our products as we’ve committed them to customers, hey, we don’t think we’re competitive with the best-in-class in the industry. Our design timelines, we have to get them better. And we’re focused on doing that. And that’s for some of the longer roadmap term items where we have to be best-in-class in our design cycles, design costs, power envelopes, architectural leadership, things that you would expect from Intel in the past, and we’re rebuilding those muscles for the future. So those would be the two examples we point to specifically that we’re visible this quarter, but we just don’t have a lot more work to do. And as I said, it takes these are three, four-year long projects. These were many of them were underway. We’re putting in place these disciplines now. And the products that are being launched with this entirely new methodology and alignment, well, they don’t come out for a couple more years. So we’re still working through that inventory of designs that were in process, a lot of work to do, a lot of rebuilding and that’s where a lot of my attention is being focused on. And maybe now that I spend a little bit less time in Washington, right, this is the focus for us as a team is getting that execution to be superb once again.
Pat Gelsinger: Good. On IFS, clearly, MediaTek, they’re the largest fabulous supplier from Taiwan made, they’re seeking to have a broadening of their supply chain. And as we’ve said, our strategy is provide a pathway for customers to have a globally balanced resilient supply chain. As I also mentioned in the formal comments six of 10 of the largest Foundry customers in the world, we now have active engagement. So the pipeline of customers grew. We added another billion to the pipeline this quarter. MediaTek was an Intel 16 announcement, one of the more mature offerings in the portfolio, which makes sense, right. Intel 3, Intel 18a, these are yet to be, I’ll say designable products and we have test chips underway, but we’re not yet to the point that the PDKs or the design libraries would be adequate for people to make design commitments quite at this point in time. But overall, great progress on IFS. We’re thrilled with the MediaTek announcement and a robust pipeline of customers continues to build because this idea of a geographically balanced, resilient supply chain, Intel giving the best transistors and capacity corridors. And I’d also say that our IFS strategy pivots on this idea of system foundry. The world is moving where the – we’re moving from a board to a system and package. And a system and package needs advanced 2.5 and 3D package, an area of Intel’s leadership, interconnect standards. We’ve announced the standardization of UCIe. We’re leading that, software assets, another area of advantage for us and will engage with and deliver this across portfolio process technologies ours and others. This idea of system foundry is gaining clear interest to our customers as well. With respect to chips and capital, we’ll say, we were driving this for the last year and a half and we’re fully expecting this to be the case in time, we’re thrilled to get it done. That said, we also initiated such an effort with Europe. And that’s making great progress as well. And as Dave said, we’re also looking to other capital partners as well, which we hope to be able to talk about more in the future with you as well.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. We said in the prepared remarks that it’s later than we were expecting Sapphire Rapids, it’s ramping later. We have some SKUs out, which is good, but the main SKUs are not out. And they happen later in the year. And of course, they’ll contribute way more significantly to next year than they’re going to contribute to this year. We do see an opportunity in the client space, given our Alder Lake position for pricing increases that are really passing on inflation. And we know customers understand that obviously our competitive position is not as strong in the DCI business. And so there are opportunities to adjust pricing, but not across the board, so that is impacting us a bit.
Pat Gelsinger: Yes. Maybe as we just run through the five nodes quickly Intel 7 done, volume shipments, we said five nodes, four years, Intel 7, 35 million units, you can go rip one apart. I’m sure our competitors have done, tear downs on it done. Intel 4, right, we’ve said is, hey, Meteor Lake looking good. At this point, it’s now broadly sampled to customers. So it’s looking very healthy as well. Also, we had the independent analysis of our detailed updates that we gave at the VLSI conference recently. And if you go look at some of the reports from that, people were pleasantly surprised. They said, oh, Intel 4, it looks as good as some of the three nanometer competitors. So this is looking pretty good. So certainly we’ll be giving more of those technical updates going forward on the real performance. Also, we’ve given updates on Granite Rapids, one of the lead vehicles of Intel 3. We also have said that, we’ll give you updates on 20a and 18a test chip updates and others. We’ll also have independent assessments of those as we announce foundry customers, right, which will be another point to validation that you’ll see. So we’re going to keep giving you more and more points of validation as we go along for, trust me, these are analyzed, the performance of each one of these process nodes, the defect density of each of these process nodes, the maturity of the design collateral, the residents from the foundry customers for each one, it’s being scrutinized extraordinarily well. And with that, I think you’ll get more and more confidence that what we’re saying is not only verified by us, but independently by industry sources as well. So with that, let me just wrap up our time. First, I’d like to say, thank you. We’re grateful for you joining us today, opportunity that you’ve given us to update you on our business. We summarized three key messages as we finish. We’re not satisfied with the quarter and the financial results that we gave you today. We have growing confidence in the strategy and we are optimistic finally about the future. We deserve some tough questions this quarter, but also appreciate that they’re fair and relevant to the business. Transformations are not easy, but nothing worthwhile ever is. And despite the headwinds that we’re seeing, we demonstrated substantial progress in IFS, NEX business records, PSG record in that business, the chips passage today huge, clear customer wins like AWS and Meta and NVIDIA. And for the last question, great progress on our TD milestones and our manufacturing milestones. With that, we look forward to updating you again next quarter. Thank you.
Dave Zinsner: And in fourth quarter, we also see that some of the new business unit areas, right, are started to contribute more significantly as well. On the PC TAM, before we were above the market and with our down revision, we’re now exactly in line with the market. We were over 350 million units before, now market ranges are 310 to 325. Our range is consistent with that, C.J. So we don’t see ourself ahead of the market like we were before, we were more optimistic. Now we’re firmly in line with the market. Clearly, the market has shifted heavily on the consumer side, but the remains strength on the enterprise side, which also gives us confidence. So in addition to the strength of the product roadmap, which Dave said, we also see the enterprise market remaining very healthy and our position and the higher price points and the enterprise, these are good markets for us. And as we’re on the back of Alder Lake over 35 million units, Raptor Lake ramping, we’re just coming into a great cycle of the overall business. We’d also say that the PC is strong as that work from home, school from home device usage numbers are up significantly for the time that people use their PCs. We also have a strong replacement cycle in front of us. We now have over 600 million PCs that are over four years old. We’re definitely seeing that roll through the enterprise markets, again where we have stronger market share and better ASPs. So all that taken together, we think we’ve ranged it and that’s consistent with the financial guidance that we’ve given you for the rest of the year.
Dave Zinsner: And maybe I’ll just add in terms of profitability it was disappointing where operating margins landed for the DCAI business for sure. That was largely the impact of the decline in revenue. But keep in mind, we’re also investing a lot for all the reasons that Pat said to get to bring out great products that allow our customers and, and so that investment does also weigh down on the operating profitability of the business. We do see that getting better. We took this, Pat mentioned reserves on Sapphire Rapids and those are kind of a one off thing that dissipate as we go through the second half of the year we also expect revenue to improve as we progress through the year. Those things combined should improve operating margins in near term. In the long term, we see this business as a business that gives us greater than corporate average operating margins, gross margins and operating margins for that matter, it has traditionally actually for us and for the industry. And so, it’s a matter of just putting our nose down and executing to get those results. And we feel very confident we’ll get there.
Dave Zinsner: Okay. So yes, you’re right, Sapphire Rapids, we reserve the production inventory before it has gone what we call PRQ. So it’s the quality metric. And so we reserve all the product and since the main, as path of the main SKUs have not at this point reached PRQ, we continue to reserve them once they do, which we expect later this year then we stop first of all, reserving the production inventory. And then likelihood is some of this will also sell. And so, we’ll be able to recover some portion of that reserve likely as we progress through the end of this year and next year. On CCG and DCAI, I think, the inventory correction in CCG was definitely more pronounced. And so you get this, the benefit of the shipping back to the consumption level is more pronounced when things recover. That’s number one. We also will see more pricing improvement in CCGs and DCAI both, we are adjusting pricing, but the pricing is more significant in CCG. And so, that also gives CCG a lift in the later part of the year.
Dave Zinsner: So we intend to manage to the guardrails for sure. What I think has become really positive for us is the capital offsets. Maybe I’ll talk a little bit about it and you could go into details about chips if you want Pat. We just are in general, way more optimistic about what we’re going to get in terms of capital offsets. In fact, I think, our forecast for the year is 4x, what it was when we talked about it at Investor Day. And so, clearly for this year we’re going to see strong offsets. And I think given what happened today, I think, we’re going to have good offsets in the coming years as well. So I think that will really help us kind of keep the guardrails intact. I mean, obviously on a long-term basis we’re always looking at our CapEx in relationship to demand. We’re building supply to meet demand and modulating that as the signals change on the demand front. At this point, I think, given the long lead times of building out these factories, we’re very confident that the growth rates of our markets are going to be quite healthy. And we’re going to need the supply to come online. May we modulate are make tiny adjustments to it over the course of years. Yes, but I wouldn’t say it’s going to be a significant magnitude, but we – but still at the end of the day, we feel very good about the guardrails we talked about. It’s going to be more like mid-30s, net CapEx intensity in our investment phase that that goes through 2024. And then in 2025, 2026, we’ll see a step down as we start to get the benefits of that in terms of revenue growth and margin growth and we’ll normalize more into the mid-20s.
Dave Zinsner: And then just on your question, we have not assumed any CHIPS Act money in 2022. Our expectation is there’ll be a process and that process will take us into 2023 before we start receiving money from CHIPS. So not assumed in 2022, although, we’re assuming that we will see some in 2023. As you point out, the CHIPS Act or the bill that was passed is a combination of grant money and in tax credits, I think it’s a little early to determine exactly how all that is administered and makes its way into the – our P&L. So we’ll table that until that becomes clearer to us exactly how things shake out and we’ll give you more color once we have a better assessment of that.
Dave Zinsner: Yes. Like I said, we started shipping some of the SKUs earlier in the year, right. Those weren’t some of the higher volume SKUs, the volume ramp SKUs were pushed out, right, as we said Stacy. And they will start ramping late in the year, but the bigger financial impact definitely is next year. Sapphire Rapids, right, is still the leadership product. We continue to get great reviews from our customers on the product areas like AI performance, that we’re competing with low the mid-tier of NVIDIA dedicated AI processors, the security capabilities as part of it, unquestioned the accelerators and unquestioned leadership. We’re also getting more and more momentum from our software optimizations that come with it as well. So all of those taken together, a lot of enthusiasm, every cloud vendor, every data center vendor et cetera is enthusiastic for this product. And we’re now, as I say, in the final days of getting it completed and beginning those customer volume ramps. And obviously financially, we’ll start to see some of those inventory reserves reversing as well, but yes, this was not our finest hour in execution. We’re rebuilding our execution machine and this product, a lot of enthusiasm forward in the marketplace as we deliver it.
