Trey Campbell: Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone to Intel's fourth quarter earnings conference call. By now, you should have received a copy of our earnings release and the earnings presentation. If you've not received both documents, they're available on our investor website intc.com. The earnings presentation is also available in the webcast window for those joining us online. I'm joined today by our Chairman of the Board, Omar Ishrak; our incoming CEO, Pat Gelsinger; our current CEO, Bob Swan; and our CFO, George Davis. In a moment, you'll hear brief remarks followed by Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and as such does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. A brief reminder that this quarter we have provided both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be speaking to the non-GAAP financial measures when describing our consolidated results. The earnings presentation and earnings release available on intc.com include the full GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations. Given our CEO transition, I want to clarify two points ahead of remarks and Q&A. One, we will be providing Q1 2021 guidance on this call, but will provide full-year guidance for 2021 at a later date, no later than our next earnings call in April. Second, we'll be providing more commentary on our progress on 7-nanometer with specifics on our manufacturing plans for our 2023 products to follow after Pat joins us in mid-February. With that, let me hand it over to Omar.
Trey Campbell: All right. Thank you, George. Moving on now to the Q&A, as is our normal practice, we would ask each participant to ask just one question. Operator, please go ahead and introduce our first caller.
Trey Campbell: Yeah, thank you. And Pat, I'm just going to give maybe a few minutes here at the end for you to frame out your priorities as we leave the call and just give you a few seconds to do that.
Trey Campbell: Thanks Pat and thank you all for joining us. Operator, could you please go ahead and wrap up the call.
Pat Gelsinger: Thanks, Omar, for the kind introduction. It's a pleasure to be here with you all today. I am thrilled and humbled to be coming home to my dream job as Intel's CEO. I was only 18 when I first joined Intel and I am proud to say I spent the following 30 years learning from such industry giants as Grove, Moore, and Noyce. My experience at Intel has shaped my entire career and I am forever grateful for the opportunity to now lead this great company. I have tremendous regard for Intel's rich history of innovation and the world-changing technologies invented here that now power the world's digital foundation. I can't wait to help lead this great technology innovator during a critical time of change and disruption. I know you're all very anxious to hear more from me on our long-term plans and I'll be sharing my detailed perspective after I assume my new role mid-February. That said, I do want to provide my view specifically on 7-nanometer progress. I've had the opportunity to personally examine progress on Intel's 7-nanometer technology over the last week. Based on initial reviews, I am pleased with the progress made on the health and recovery of the 7-nanometer program. I am confident that the majority of our 2023 products will be manufactured internally. At the same time, given the breadth of our portfolio, it's likely that we will expand our use of external foundries for certain technologies and products. We will provide more details on this and our 2023 roadmap once I fully assess the analysis that has been done and the best path forward. Bob and George will walk you through the financials and provide guidance for the first quarter shortly. We are holding off on providing guidance for the full-year until I join, but we will do so in a timely fashion no later than on our next earnings call in April. Looking ahead, the world is becoming more digitally connected, expanding the market in front of us. Intel is the only semiconductor company in the world that has the depth of intelligent silicon, platform vision, design and manufacturing capabilities, and scale that our customers need to fuel their next-generation innovations. There is enormous opportunity ahead for Intel. But to be able to seize these opportunities, we have to deliver the best products and stay ahead of our customers' needs. We need to become more agile in a very competitive market. We need to execute flawlessly and deliver on our commitments. We need to passionately innovate with boldness and speed. Intel culture and values must be healthy and vibrant assuring our ability to attract and retain the best engineering talent in the world. I look forward to working with the incredibly talented global Intel team and industry partners to continue delivering the best technologies for our customers around the world. I also look forward to engaging with you, our shareholders, in the coming months to hear your perspectives and discuss our vision and strategy for Intel. We will position this company for sustained growth and leadership for our industry, our country and an increasingly digital world. I also want to extend my deepest respect and appreciation to Bob for his leadership and significant contributions to Intel through this critical period. I'm just starting to dive into the business, but already I'm confident that the strong foundation and progress achieved under his leadership put us on the right track to build on Intel's great history and to create value for our customers and shareholders in the years to come. Thanks, again. Bob, over to you.
Pat Gelsinger: And if I might, C.J., this is Pat, pleasure to join all of the investors on this call today. I just want to affirm, as I said in my formal statements, that I was very pleased to see the great progress on 7-nanometers and the TD team has really done a great job over the last six months. That gives me the confidence, as I said in my formal comments, that the majority will be internally, but we will be increasing the use of our foundry capabilities as well and we'll be more specific on this after I finally dig deeper with the team shortly after joining the company in the middle of next month. But overall, I think we're on a very good path now.
Pat Gelsinger: Let me just add a couple of points to that. This is Pat again. As we said, we believe the majority will be on our 7-nanometers, but we will be increasing the use of foundry capabilities in that timeframe as well. Overall, it is about building as Bob said, a competitive product that is leadership in the marketplace and that's what our intent is to do and as we broaden the use of our technologies across packaging, software, internal and external, we are confident that we can deliver a leadership product family in the marketplace across all of our major product categories. Additionally, I was also very pleased to see some of the long-term innovations coming out of TD right as we work to close any gaps with external foundries as well as leap ahead and clearly we're not interested in just closing gaps, we're interested in resuming that position of the unquestioned leader in process technology and that's our commitment. Also with the IDM model, we believe we have the right combination of being able to deliver supply to meet our customers' requirements by leveraging internal and external capabilities which our competition doesn't have and between all of these capabilities, we believe we are striking the right balance of internal and external to deliver an unquestioned leadership product in the marketplace that meets our customers' requirements for the long-term.
Pat Gelsinger: Well, thank you very much and a few general comments would be, one is, this is a great company and one that I have just great history with as I said 30 years as part of this company, Grove, Moore, Noyce, these are the people that I grew up right at their feet of learning and to me, it really is a privilege and an honor to come back to this company, as I said, my dream job. Second, this is a national asset. This company needs to be healthy for the technology industry for technology in America and to me it's an opportunity to help and to unquestionably put Intel and the United States in a technology leadership position. So, I'm excited by that opportunity to do that. It was also very exciting to see the unity of the Board in calling me to the role and with that working closely with the Board and their enthusiasm to bring me into the company as well as the alignment on the look forward strategy that we're laying out and those together. And I say the timing wasn't necessarily, I was enjoying my time at VMware, but the opportunity to come back now, be a part of this great company and Intel has gone through cycles before and clearly, as I was here, economic cycles, we've had periods where we were ahead and periods where we were behind others. Personally, I was very involved in the period where we were very right diminished in the marketplace and late to the multi-core and in that period of time in 2005 through 2009, we turned around the company and unquestionably established the leadership position after a period where many were questioning the ability of the company to be successful yet again. Great companies are able to come back from periods of difficulty in challenge and they come back stronger, better, and more capable than ever and that I believe is the opportunity at Intel and I'm confident that this company has its best days in front of it and I am looking forward to the opportunity to be part of that.
Pat Gelsinger: Well, I would also say that Bob and the team have been working on this for the last six months diligently. So, even though my investigation was really just a few days, I'm looking at data that's been thoroughly analyzed, trends over the last six months that clearly is bringing them to a point of greater confidence for. I looked at that data, I came to the same decisions that they were. At the same time, we're pausing, right, to say that everything is resolved to give me a little bit more time with the team to understand the roadmap and to dig deeper into those decisions and like we said, we'll be giving more clarity on that in the near future after I've had time to analyze it more carefully. Also, the team has been making adjustments of leadership. Ann has been doing a great job as we moved her into that role. You'll be seeing we're making adjustments in the leadership of our product development teams as well where talent is going to come into the company. We're excited about the roadmap that we're on. You might have seen we just announced a new fellow coming back, one of my absolute favorites when I was here in Glenn Hinton coming back to the company and you'll be seeing other announcements of key leaders coming back in. So, I think the team has been doing a great job getting us to this point. I expect with the leadership, the roadmap, and a few more weeks of analysis, we'll be making very solid decisions that allow us to put the company on a path that is merited to the great foundation that Intel has had in the past.
Pat Gelsinger: And if I might pile on to this one, as Bob had said, Bob and I had struck a partnership when I was in my VMware role and I've been driving the 5G strategy at VMware. So, this is one I'm actually quite intimate with and the opportunity at 5G is it becomes a horizontal versus a vertically-controlled industry is absolutely enormous, but it's even more important than that because 5G is going to represent a platform that is redefining edge computing, it will open up smart cities, smart factories, it will displace Wi-Fi. This is a powerful technology; it will also be deployed in private 5G environments as well. So, not only is Intel establishing a beachhead in a very important market that was never a major source of revenue forward in the past, but it is redefining all aspects of distributed computing in the future. So, this leadership position that is established today is one that we'll be harvesting for the next decade and 5G isn't just faster LTE, it is a new network with increased security, connectivity, bandwidth, better than wired capabilities, and truly will open up markets as we've never seen before. This one is exciting and the leadership position that's already been established here will be harvested for many, many years to come.
Pat Gelsinger: And I would just add to that this will certainly be a topic that we'll discuss as I go forward with the company. Also that clearly this ability to work more closely with the equipment suppliers, right, the CAD tool suppliers, other technology sources in the industry. We're committed to the IDM model, we're committed to leadership products, but also innovation that fundamentally has us leading the industry on a consistent basis and sometimes that may happen outside of the company, sometimes it will be inside of the company, but we're committed to leading innovation and delivering the best products for our customers in every category that we participate in.
Pat Gelsinger: Great, thank you, Trey and thanks again to Bob and really is incredible to come back home and have my dream job and thank you, Bob, for being the vehicle to deliver that up to me. Four areas that I touched on briefly in my formal comments that you'll see me focus on as I come into the company. One is great products, right, where we simply will be the leader in every category that we participate. You'll see me dive into details, we'll build out the partnerships with our customers, but we're going to deliver leadership products and have a development machine that consistently does that. Then, execution, obviously, we have to regain the confidence of our customers that our supply chain is the best; that our roadmap is the best; that they can rely on us for their products and their strategies for the future. Innovation, we're going to continue to be a source, a fountain, a continual delivery vehicle for the greatest innovations of the industry. We'll be doing that with the IDM model, 7-nanometers beyond, but continuing to find radical areas to innovate because the world is looking for more digital technology as more and more of every aspect of humanity is coming online and coming to the digital foundation that we uniquely build and deliver. And finally culture, I was trained at the feet of Grove and we will have the Grovian maniac execution, transparent data driven culture and rebuilding that as part of this company. And as we look across these areas, as I said, I'm convinced the best days for this company are in front of us and this is a priority for Intel, a priority for the technology industry and our nation and it is a sovereign duty, responsibility, and opportunity for me to be taking on that role. Thank you all for joining us today.
Bob Swan: Yes, thanks, C.J. Maybe I'll start, and George, you can finish up. First, yes, we've been through an exhaustive effort over the course of the last six months. And as we highlighted, we've made tremendous progress on our 7-nanometer process technology and that gives us a lot of comfort that the number one priority that we set in the middle of the year, which was a predictable cadence of leadership products that we would be able to deliver our 2023 roadmap using i7 or for our next-gen technology. So, the progress that the team has made has given us the confidence that we'll continue to leverage the IDM advantage and invest in technology development leadership in the future. At the same time, we also realize that with our disaggregated designs that we launched a few years back, that we have enhanced flexibility to see if when and what technologies or tiles we'll make inside, which will be the majority of our 2023 roadmap, but it gives us the flexibility to look at things outside. And the trade-offs that we make in doing that are one, performance of product in a predictable manner; two, economics; and three, ensuring that we have the capacity and the control of the supply chain, so that we can -- our customers can count on our deliveries. So, over the course in time preserving the IDM advantage while being more and more flexible on our architectures and our designs.
Bob Swan: Yes. And I would -- I'd put maybe, John, just I think history here as a reasonably good indicator of the commentary that George provided for 2021. And if you go back a year, we said gross margins would be 59% for 2020 and we ended up at 57.5%. So, down 1.5 points. And if you look at the fundamental drivers of that 1.5 points versus what we thought at the beginning of the year,first, we generated $4 billion more revenue than we thought. So, volume was much higher. And then when you look at the makeup of that volume, it was -- in my mind, it was all good things that foreshadow important things for 2021 and beyond. First, the demand for our 10-nanometer products was much -- was higher -- greater than we expected and that was very positive in terms of income, but slight degradation in gross margin. Second, the PC demand that we experienced during the course of the year which relative to where we were at the beginning of the year was off the charts, including what we believe were share gains in the fourth quarter came predominantly with consumer entry and education. So, those two segments tend to be lower margin, but real strong demand and that was the gap that we didn't fill when we were capacity constrained last year. So, I think in terms of the mix of more 10-nanometer, much more PC demand at the lower ends, those were things that drove down less margin percent, but a lot more income than we expected a year ago. And those things as George mentioned going into 2021 are going to be -- you're going to have a much better mix because of the exit of modem and NAND, number one. Number two, 10-nanometer product cost, as George mentioned, is going to get much better during the course of the year. Number three, 14-nanometer is going to be more fully depreciated equipment. Those three things are very positive as we go into the year. At the same time, George flagged two issues, one of those mix dynamics of PC TAM we think is going to be relatively strong, but we do believe it's going to be at the lower-end. Education will be a big part of that demand that has lower margin and we renewed our commitment to 7-nanometer process technology and that, in fact, will have a degradation. So, in so many ways, we generated a lot more income and revenue in 2020 as the adoption of our better -- of our 10-nanometer products and lower end in consumer were very positive impacts for earnings and those trends you'll see as we go in the first quarter and throughout 2021.
Bob Swan: Yes, I think at the time we said that in effect, given the process challenges we were dealing with the product roadmap, we expected to shift a couple quarters into 2023 and as normal client will likely go first and server will go after that. So, the expectation is in our focus in improving 7-nanometer so that we can hit that predictable cadence of leadership products in 2023, we have dramatically improved our confidence in our ability to hit that product roadmap schedule that we talked about at the time.
Bob Swan: Yes, Vivek, two things and we've talked about this a bit over the last couple of years, but first, our belief on delivering leadership products over time is going to be dependent on a multitude of factors. Process technology is very important, packaging technologies becomes increasingly important in our mind, a multitude of architectures, CPU to XPU or including graphics and AI capabilities, memory, security and last but not least software and you'll remember that we talked about those as the six pillars of technology required to deliver product leadership where process is very important, but it's not the only thing. So, that's kind of the strategy we've been on for the last couple of years. But secondly, we're going to continue to invest in process technology. So, yes, some of the progress we made on 7-nanometers over the last couple of quarters is important for the next generation of process technology. So, as we leverage our six pillars of technology to deliver leadership product, we will also continue to invest in next generation process technology beyond 7-nanometer.
Bob Swan: Thanks for the question. You gave most of my answer in your inquisition. I mean, first is we've been saying for the last couple of years that we view 5G and network transformation as a significant opportunity for us to expand the role we play as more and more compute moves from the data center to the cloud to the network and those dumb pipes become smarter and smarter pipes. So, this has been a pretty large thrust for us for the last several years. We've made tremendous progress in migrating a custom-oriented environment to general purpose compute and that has been a big source of growth from a $1 billion business probably five or six years ago to $5 billion last year. That came primarily by leveraging the core GPU in the network environment, but a couple of years ago to your question, we expanded the role that we thought we could play as more and more compute happened at the network and that included moving into the radio access space with more -- with general purpose compute, but also custom architectures including FPGAs and ASICs and that allowed us to play a much bigger role in our customers' success and a key emerging technology that we've been focused on for a while. So, I think that maybe one other point that I would make that we've gone -- we targeted about 20% share in that radio access space by 2022 and we hit that 40% share in 2020. So, we're well ahead of where we expected. The role we play at 5G and the network is much bigger. We've developed partnerships along the way in this space including with VMware. So, I can only imagine those partnerships and complementary capabilities will allow us to play a bigger and bigger role as more and more compute moves to the network and to the edge.
Bob Swan: And then on the specific question about the dynamics and discussion with kind of the U.S. government or maybe just our foundry capabilities, I would just -- we've been talking about this for a couple of years and I think the implications of a couple of years ago, increased trade tariffs, now more increasing trade restrictions. At the time, we saw that as a challenge because China is a large market for us, but also was a big opportunity and the big opportunity were on two fronts. In the event of an increasingly East versus West world, we saw an opportunity for us to play a bigger role in 5G. So, we talked about that and I think as a result of the incremental investments we've made, the team has made tremendous progress on our 5G space. At the same time, we also talked about addressing a growing need in an East versus West world where there are dual supply chains and increased anxiety about having all your technology dependencies more in the East. So, for us what that meant was engaging both with the U.S. government and with commercial players who just were increasingly anxious about their exposures and what we've heard from the U.S. government is one, we need advanced access to advanced microelectronics technology and manufacturing here in the U.S. We need greater industrial manufacturing base here in the U.S. and we need a safe and secure supply chain increasingly here in the U.S. and with those with those three things, and this is both U.S. government and commercial customers, we're the only company that can really check all three boxes. So, along the way, as you know, Matt, we told the U.S. government that we would be in a position to, for the good of the industry, frankly, for the good of the country, for the good of Intel, we would leverage our competencies, our capabilities to provide foundry services to the U.S. government and then been working very closely because foundry services requires scale, how do we make sure that we have the technology that can be both USG needs and commercial players' needs. And that's a dialog that has been back and forth for a while and we think we've played a role both with ourselves and the Semiconductor Industry Association in trying to shape some of the incentives coming out of Washington that in effect do a more effective job in leveling the playing field to invest in foundry services here in the U.S.
Bob Swan: Well, I'll be a little more generic. I think what I said is that our focus is on how do you deliver a predictable cadence of leadership products, preserve IDM advantages, and invest in technology development and along the way as a company be much more open and engaging with the ecosystem to make sure we understand the inherent technologies that are out there and embrace technologies to the extent they might be better than what we have or not as critical in the determination of product performance differentiation. So, that said, what we've characterized is just engaging with the ecosystem in a much more holistic way and broadly speaking, that may mean sharing technologies that we have that they could use or leveraging technologies that others have developed that we can use as well. So, that's -- I just think it goes back to how do we take this wonderful business model called IDM where we co-optimize, design, and manufacturing, we make all the money and we control the supply chain, how do we evolve that very powerful business model in an industry and an ecosystem that's made dramatic advancements over the last 10 years where we think we can be more open minded in engaging and leveraging those.
