Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. One of the dangers, of course, of all of this is, we've got so much data and it comes out really currently. So, you get Smith Travel coming out every week. You obviously are all struggling to get through one earnings call after another from participants in the lodging industry this week and next week. And I know we're sort of piling up on you and it makes it seemingly that much more imperative to assess these day-to-day or week-to-week figures, which is a little hard to do, of course. And the fact of matters, we've got numbers through basically last Sunday, which are the RevPAR numbers we referenced when we talk about 6% growth in October. And we can get anecdotal and, you know, some information about what's happening during the month on a week-to-week basis, but it's much better to analyze when the month comes to an end. What we see at this point is not very significant. Transient may be a touch weaker than we would have anticipated, but it's a touch. And, again, at 6% RevPAR growth, it still feels like a reasonably healthy number. Obviously, also this morning, we've got GDP news, with third quarter GDP out at a sub-2% number. We know GDP is highly correlated with demand, and you shouldn't hear our optimism or, I suspect, any of the voices from the industry, suggesting per minute that we will perform in a way that is disconnected with GDP performance. So, you know, that could be a piece of that as well. But, I think when we look at it, what we see is still strong appetite from group customers, still strong appetite from our corporate travelers, good performance from the leisure side, particularly when we're in holiday times of the year. And all of those things cause us to believe we should continue to see this RevPAR growth in this pretty healthy mid-single-digit range.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, neither really is a leading indicator; but transient is more or less coincident with GDP. Group would be very much a lagging indicator. At least when you look at group, stayed and paid, and of course, one of the – we now look, I think a little bit more than we did in prior cycles at group bookings in the quarter. But, the booking stats will probably be also coincident, I would guess, with the transient numbers. But, we still generally think we'd probably lag GDP numbers by, you know, a few months, something like that. Better would be looking at GDP data, I suppose.
Arne M. Sorenson: And I think there, it's really a question of mix. We tend to be on average bigger in the managed portfolio than in the franchise portfolio. We tend to be more group reliant in the managed portfolio than in the franchise portfolio, and we tend to be more urban, more business destination in manage versus franchise. And all of those things play out with the weaker, relatively weaker group in Q3, and relatively weaker business, special corporate business in Q3, which, you know, relatively depresses the managed RevPAR numbers compared to the franchised.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. Good question, Robin. Good morning. We have had, I don't know whether the 50 basis point is right, maybe, Carl or Laura can check as I talk about this for a minute. But we have had some openings shift from late 2015 we think into 2016. As we've scrubbed those, we think very few of those are projects that are actually at risk long-term. But there has been some slippage. I think there are different reasons for that in different parts of the world. As I mentioned, I was in China a couple of weeks ago. China conditions obviously have been less bullish in many aspects of their economy in the last quarter or so, and I think it's causing folks to rush a little less to get things completed, and as a consequence, we'll see some of those deals open in 2016 that we initially expected to open in 2015. And there are always some dynamics around the world, where things take a little bit longer than maybe we initially anticipate. That net-net could be positive for 2016, but I suspect we're also anticipating that some of the same dynamic will occur in 2016, so the bulk of the reason for our 8% organic growth number gross in 2016, is less about shifting of openings and more simply about the maturing of the pipeline. So at 8%, you're talking about, you know, roughly 60,000 rooms opening in 2016. Recall we signed 100,000 new rooms in calendar year 2014; and this year, we're obviously not done yet, but I suspect the numbers are going to be close to that figure; and so if anything, we should see that 2017 and 2018, we continue to perform at good, if not even growing gross opening numbers.
Arne M. Sorenson: No, I don't. It's a good question and you can tell from my quip that maybe I don't know for certain about that. When we look at group bookings by quarter for next year, I mentioned we're up a bit over 7%. We're a little, a tiny little bit weaker than average in Q1 in the 5% to 6% range. Q2 is a bit stronger than the average for the full year. And then it looks like, and we have to go look at the calendar, but it looks like we're having a bit of a shift back of the fall holidays in favor of Q3 and maybe a little bit against Q4, because we've got a sort of gonzo set of numbers on the books for Q3, and a relatively weaker set of numbers on the books for Q4. When you average them all out again, we come up well above 7% for group bookings. That all suggests to me that the calendar issues are probably of significance more likely in Q3 and Q4 than in Q1 and Q2.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, I mean, they are certainly seeing both land and construction cost inflation. I think it varies significantly by market. The urban big destinations are seeing more of that as our sense than the suburban markets. And remember, a lot of our, the U.S. pipeline is this 1,000 hotels we talked about in our limited service brands. Some of those are urban projects like most of the ACs and Moxys that are getting underway now. But many of those are still in secondary and tertiary markets. And I think that the cost pressure there is meaningfully less. The other thing, we've got to keep in mind is projects still start notwithstanding that pressure, because you have both of the benefits of continued relatively cheap debt, and you've got better returns, because the results from these hotels are getting better every quarter.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. It's a fair question. And I think somebody put out. And no, I don't remember who it was last night that, you know, if you thought you're at the lower end of that 5% or 7%, why didn't you just come out with a different number. And one of the fundamental points here is, we provide a range so that we can sort of contemplate a relevant, but a potential difference in the way the actual numbers ultimately come in. And we don't torture ourselves, and we don't torture our teams to try and change those models every time you get a new weekly data point. We do, you know, October is the most significant month of the three months in the quarter, so that 6% number, if it ultimately comes to pass is a comforting one. By the time you get into December, you've got less group reliance and much more transient reliance, which makes it a little harder to predict. And as a consequence, it's a little harder for us to sit here and say we can guarantee you what the December numbers are going to be, because a lot of that depends on transient business that has yet to show up. December is, of course, by contrast, the weakest of the three months in the quarter, because you slip more and more into non-travel periods and leisure times. We'd expect, though, that leisure business is going to be healthy, both in Thanksgiving and the end-of-the-year holidays, because you've got – that's what we've seen over the course of the year.
Arne M. Sorenson: And so even though, we've been really aggressive in buying back our stock, we thought it was a stunning buy in Q3, which is one reason the numbers were so big that we reported this morning. We are by no means over levered. We still have a machine that produces lots of cash, and we think we've got the ability to both be aggressive in buying back stock in the years ahead, but also be aggressive in whatever opportunities pop up, if they pop up, to participate in growing our business through our use of capital.
Arne M. Sorenson: Other questions about full-service versus limited service openings. I would think rough order of magnitude that, oh, it's 50%-50%-ish U.S. versus rest of the world in openings, maybe 55%, maybe a little over 50% in the U.S. and a little bit less in the rest of the world. Of the U.S. portion, I think it's something like 80%-20%, maybe even a little higher than 80%-20% in favor of limited service hotels. So, it's still a relatively rare full-service opening. We do have, and again, I don't remember off the top of my head, what full-service hotels are well under construction now and opening next year; but I suspect we've got a couple of big ones that are getting near opening by the end of next year.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. So, that's two or three questions, but thank you, that's good. I think the AC story is the one that I think is easiest to sort of boast about a little bit, but not just from a perspective of Marriott's role, but the perspective of the way that has evolved with our partners in the United States, and none of this is new, of course. We bought AC a few years ago thinking it would broaden our distribution in Spain, where we were weak. We thought we were getting a brand and an operating company at a relatively low point in the economic cycle, and both of those things caused us to think it was a deal worth doing and we did it. We didn't think at the time, it shows you maybe how dense we are, but we didn't think at the time that AC was at all relevant to markets like the United States. We thought maybe we could get some growth in other markets in Europe, but nothing really beyond there. To some extent, it took our franchisees, some of whom had been to Spain and seen these hotels, to come back and say, you know what you ought to grow AC in the United States, we'd love to grow it with you. And what they saw was a lifestyle upscale hotel that could fit nicely within our brand and our strategy to grow a lifestyle portfolio of brands. And so, they pushed us, and we ultimately thought that was a brilliant idea and so we launched it. But in many respects, we launched it with our partners. And what they see is a brand that fits wonderfully in our lineup already. They know how our brands perform. We did very detailed work on costing this with what the model rooms should look like and what the general approach to the operating model and public space was. And in short, it became clear that this was a project that broadly penciled. So, folks could get in, build it at fairly economic terms and drive strong projected cash flow returns. So, while we haven't been out there trying to grow AC for very long, we've got five open, as we speak, and a very strong pipeline, and if anything, that momentum is building a net pipeline. Moxy, to some extent, is a similar story, but it's a year behind AC. So, we obviously started that as a brand-new brand in Europe with two significant partners there. We're off to a good start in Europe, and similarly our folks in the United States said this is pretty interesting. Why don't you think about bringing it here? And so, we've done that. Now for neither of them are we doing anything significant in terms of promotion. I know that some of the early Moxy deals are in Manhattan, and we are participating in a few of those with some mezzanine debt financing, which is not dramatically unusual in a market like Manhattan, but it probably was maybe a little bit more necessary because it was a brand-new brand. But other than that, I can't think of any incentives that we've applied to that.
Arne M. Sorenson: In terms of your last question, is there more upside for more new brands, hopefully one day yes, but we have nothing that we've got up our sleeves at the moment in terms of new organic brand launches in the United States.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. I think many of the deals we've done recently give us a broader distribution in markets where we've been weak. And so, the brands are as much geographic as they are completion of gaps in the brand lineup. We don't see many gaps in the brand lineup, but hopefully we'll see opportunity in the years ahead to continue to grow in some geographic markets where we are relatively less distributed, and some of that growth may come with brands that we don't already have.
Arne M. Sorenson: Nothing that comes to mind is significant. Then you get overseas, of course, Dubai, and some of the Middle Eastern markets are significant with supply growth. We called out Istanbul. Istanbul and Turkey have seen significant supply growth. I think those two places would be the ones that come top of mind.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. We did have in our prepared remarks some comments about special corporate rates for next year. We think mid-single-digit RevPAR growth, so in the same range as the RevPAR range we provided for the full shop. I suspect we'll see that some – we continue to call some of the lower rated special corporate business. We've done that a little bit in the last few years. I think we've been probably as aggressive as any in the industry in both driving those rates and to some extent being willing to take a little bit more risk by saying to some of the lower rated special corporate accounts that we're simply not going to take you and we hope that you will come back and participate in our hotels at a rack rate. And I suspect we'll do some more of that next year. But it's still early in the process, and so I would take that as directional comments not necessarily as something that's totally proven, but mid single-digit.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. Our comments would be a bit like Hilton's yesterday. There's nothing that we can publish specifically about the results of negotiations. We do think that the kinds of principles they've talked about are the same sorts of things we've talked about, which is we want to make sure we have as much ability to yield our rooms on various channels so that at fuller occupancy times we have the contractual right not to have every room available on every channel, no matter how expensive those channels are for us. We also want to make sure that we've got the ability to do what we've been doing, which is deliver value to Marriott Reward members booking directly with us, which we've done through free Wi-Fi and other tools like that in the past year or two. And so, we continue to pursue similar kinds of philosophical aims and feel like we're making good progress on that.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. One thing important to keep in mind, China is obviously a significant market when it comes to the region as a whole. Probably roughly half of our total distribution in Asia-Pacific is in Greater China. We talked about Hong Kong being weak-ish. We talked about Q3 China numbers being relatively good, particularly in markets like Shanghai and (59:56). But when you look at China, you see different stories from place to place. And it's really important to keep in mind that portfolios of hotels depending on their maturity can have reported numbers in a quarter which are very different. The longer somebody has been in China with broad distribution, the fewer ramping hotels they'll have. Ramping meaning newly comparable. And so, when we look at our numbers in Greater China this year, we see less contribution to our RevPAR growth from ramped hotels than we have in most of the last few years because our portfolio has gotten to be quite sizable. But we still see that we have grown RevPAR index in China by four to five points in 2015 alone, building on top of some great years in the past so that our RevPAR index is now in the 125 range, which is a huge premium over competing hotels in the market. A long-winded way of saying, our RevPAR at mid-single-digit next year for China is still a very strong number. We will be even more mature in China with hotels that we've got open than we were this year, and so we'll have less of that ramping effect.
Arne M. Sorenson: Absolutely. I think it's a perfectly fair question. It shouldn't surprise you to know that when we look at market share, which is the best measure to look at, it's not in comparison against Smith Travel, I'll talk about that in second. But when you look at market share numbers, we lost a little bit of market share in Q3 in exactly the kinds of hotels that you would expect. Group business was weak, and therefore, our convention center hotels, which we have more of than most of the industry by a significant measure, were hotels that lost a bit of market share, why? Because often a big 1,500 or 2,000 room hotel will have within its competitive set hotels which are meaningfully smaller and, therefore, are less reliant on group business than the market than we are. And if you adjust for that and a bit of renovation activity, we see our performance as being roughly comparable to the market. Now when you compare it with Smith Travel, Smith Travel is reporting every single hotel open in a given market and how that RevPAR compared to what happened in the past. We report RevPAR only for comp hotels. So, those are hotels that have got two years' worth of stabilized comparative performance. And when you do that, you are taking the fastest-growing RevPAR, year-over-year RevPAR growth hotels out of a comparative point. So, we have tried to calculate what our RevPAR would be, if we use Smith Travel numbers, and basically those growth numbers would be a point to two higher than what our reported numbers are.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. I'd suspect we find some things that are a bit better and some things that are bit worse. But all-in-all, it's probably still a model which is relevant. Now we should be careful in saying that. I don't want to communicate for a second that we've got a brand-new three-year model, which is sitting in my right, which shows that the numbers for 2017 are the same as what we published for you last year. But just thinking about the drivers, I would think that unit growth is probably a bit stronger than what we had. I would think that the share repurchase activity that we've done and the impact of that is a bit better than what we had in that model. In other words, not only have we bought significantly, but we probably bought at marginally better pricing than we had in that model, and earlier. And so, I think both those things are positives. RevPAR itself, I'd have to go back and look at that – look at the forecasts we used.
Arne M. Sorenson: We were at 4% to 6%, and we kind of tapered the RevPAR growth just because we thought with each year of economic recovery we should obviously expect a bit less. But I would think we're maybe not far off, certainly within the same broad range. So, put all those – by the way, incentive fees, my guess could be a bit lighter. Because when you look at what we will actually report in incentive fee growth this year, substantially impacted by FX which we would not have anticipated when we did that model that we published for you a year ago. I suspect we would see FX impact on fees generally being tougher and probably the incentive fee growth numbers being a bit weaker than what we had in that model. But put all those things together, I suspect you're probably still with the relevant model.
Arne M. Sorenson: I don't know that I can give you that. I mean I think in the U.S., you probably need to have, I don't know, three percentage RevPAR growth.
Arne M. Sorenson: If you get to the rest of the world, the formulas differ. And by the way, in the rest of the world, we'll have a number of full-service hotels that are in year two or three or four of their operation, which means they're probably growing faster. And hopefully, if you've got flat FX, we'll see reasonably healthy IMF fee growth next year. But we're going a little far afield here in the sense that we're building on things that we really need to go through our budgeting process in order to give you...
Arne M. Sorenson: And probably the admin – if your base model has got admin in it, you probably don't need to add any admin to go with that. And so that drops down and run it through your normal tax rate that Carl has got in the P&L model, and that would be your number.
Arne M. Sorenson: I think it's maybe stable to up a bit. We don't hear a regular commentary that would suggest that they're going to try and cut back on travel. At the same time, it probably shouldn't surprise you that not many special corporate people come in, in the context of a negotiation and say we're going to dramatically increase our volume next year. But I think on balance, we see continued good tone in that group of customers.
Arne M. Sorenson: It's off to a very good start, but we're not going to share any statistics with you yet. And whether and how we do in the future, we'll have to see. We announced it I don't remember precisely the date, I would think about the beginning of the third quarter, maybe a little bit before. We didn't actually go live on TripAdvisor until we were well into the third quarter. So, we don't have a full quarter yet worth of results, but we like what we're seeing.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. We followed most of our competitors. I don't know if I can tell you exactly where every single person is, but we saw most of our competitors move to a 24-hour cancellation window from a same-day cancellation. And we did the same thing roughly first of the year, if I remember right. And what we've seen that is particularly gratifying is a reduction in the number of folks that get walked. So, that's a little bit different point than the one you raised. So, in the past, with same-day cancellations, you actually didn't know who's going to show up into your hotel until the day ended. And as a consequence, you had hotels all over the place trying to say, all right, we know that some percentage of our customers won't show up, because they've got free ability to cancel until the last minute. And so, let's do some overbooking in order to make sure that we've got guests to fill those rooms if somebody cancels. And we've seen that because of this 24-hour cancellation rule, we've got a lot of that walk the business down, which obviously is not something that anybody likes, if you are being forced to walk. The other thing what we see is, we've got high occupancy days, meaning days above 96% that are 5% more of those days than we did a year ago. And I think that's also driven by this. I think for those that were less aggressive about overbooking and risking having to walk folks, they've now got that much more clarity to put business on the books and drive the occupancy even higher. But I think also this is driven by good healthy demand as well, so it's not purely a function of the cancellation policy.
Arne M. Sorenson: I don't think so, no. I think about demand and GDP as being correlated. So, the better GDP is the better chance we have it being towards the higher end of that.
Arne M. Sorenson: No, that's what we're doing. We have essentially a fixed percentage that is contributed to pay for sales and marketing initiatives from hotels. We do have more dollars coming in because of the number of units that we're adding to the system, but we're not increasing the charge-out rate in given hotels. We are spending in areas that we haven't spent in the past to do things like make movies and do social media and do all sorts of fun stuff, which we think actually is succeeding very well. But we are – to find dollars to do that, we're having to spend less in some areas that we've spend money on before. That would certainly include traditional TV advertising.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. Those are all good questions, Chris, and I think you're going to stump us here on the last question. This is a little bit different measure than you talked about, but we do try and track in Asia-Pacific, our market share of new deals that the industry signs. And it's a little hard to get, but a number of our principal competitors are willing to share through a clearinghouse, okay, how many deals did you sign in the quarter across particular regions of the world, and we think we are doing great, that we've got – this is not – the industry as a whole necessarily this will probably be the bigger lodging companies, and what share of the total signings of all those companies do we have? And we think in a market like Asia-Pacific, where we have been certainly in the full-service and luxury tiers where we are most focused in that part of the world that we are in first quarter or second quarter after quarter and that our share is dramatically higher than our current distribution. So, that's an example of the kind of data that we see that causes us to believe that we are seeing some of the same kind of dynamics that we see in the United States, where the data is much more available. In the United States, you've got both STR and lodging econometrics that look at essentially all new industry deals, and it gives us all an ability to both have a third-party measure but also look at it with our own eyes. Europe, I don't have, at least not top of mind, quite the same insight, but our teams see that our pipeline is growing well, and we think the brands are competing well. So, I'm sure, we're taking meaningfully more share in the development side than we have of the existing hotel distribution.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, give a call. The only thing I think we know is that the weakness in oil makes some markets like Houston weaker than other markets. And obviously, you can identify which markets that the industry segment is most relevant to, and there we see some customers that are under pressure, and we see demand trends which are weaker than in the rest of the world. But if you look at technology, you look at finance, both significant customers of ours and what you see is good health. And I actually think that the data around RevPAR by market is less about the industry of customers than it is about supply in some of those markets. The demand trends still remain quite strong.
Arne M. Sorenson: Thank you all very much for your time this morning. We appreciate your interest in Marriott and look forward to welcoming you into our hotels as you travel.
Thomas G. Allen: Hey. Good morning. Sorry if I missed this, but any color on how corporate rate negotiation is going for next year? And then also Hilton touched a little bit high level on recent OTA negotiations. Can you give any color if you've had similar? Thank you.
Thomas G. Allen: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up, on other Asia Pacific, you said you expected that to be up mid-single-digits next year, but all your commentary seems pretty positive. I just wanted to see if I'm missing something.
Thomas G. Allen: I mean, I guess compared to other regions, other regions you kind of highlighted like, there's some gives and takes versus other Asia Pacific it was all pretty positive. And I mean, using your peer, Hilton again, they, I think, guided more to the higher end of the range.
