Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Well, so a couple things. I would say we are very pleased with the margin performance. And in North America, in particular, given the RevPAR environment, I would say the margin performance is terrific. We talked about shooting for something like 50 basis points in margin to get that as quickly as we can, and we see through what we've done so far that we are approaching that for this year. And from that standpoint, that would give us a little bit more on the incentive fee line, but I would say it's probably in the low-single-digits material, and not material, but low-single-digit millions on IMS (21:42).
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: So, a couple things there. First of all, we've kind of got two things going on in the branding fees. One is residential and one is related to credit cards. On the credit cards, hard to predict exactly, but they do seem to be doing well so far. But on residential, they are tied to the sales of residential real estate and, frankly, they are fairly lumpy during the year, where they can be up or down $10 million just based on the quarterly progression of where these sales come. So, some of this is timing related, but as we look through the year, we basically took it and rolled it forward to the rest of the year.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Sure. Good afternoon, Stephen. So, we've still got about 18 hotels that in some way, shape or form over time we'd love to recycle, and 12 of those are legacy Starwood. And if you think about where they are, you're talking kind of broadly in the Americas. So, 10 of them are in the Americas, 4 of them being in CALA and 6 in North America, including 3 in Canada, and then two in Asia-Pacific. And as we've talked about before, it's not purely the market that you're selling into, it's also a combination of things about whether there's a ground lease, whether there are other zoning things going on related to a certain hotel. And so, from that standpoint, we continue to click along through selling the ones that, frankly, have absolutely no – nothing that needs to be worked out. And then some things that we need to continue to work through several issues related to the possible sale. But, we continue to feel good about the markets that we're selling into, with the exception of ones like a Rio, for example, where we do have to consider whether it makes sense to perhaps hold on to them for a little while until things improve. But, I think overall, we continue to feel good about the ability to sell these hotels.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Just as a reference point for you, roughly three-quarters of the Asia-Pacific travel right now is to Asia-Pacific, to other parts of Asia-Pacific, while the travel to, for example, for our hotels to the North America is 15% of their travel.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: If you're talking about full-year in North America, if you're talking about 1% to 2%, I'd say a little bit higher on the transient side than the midpoint, a little bit lower on Group, but very, very close to each other. So, similar sorts of growth rates.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: You know, it is asset recycling as the way we've described the $5 billion over time, but, obviously, that's overwhelmingly, overwhelmingly driven by hotel sales. I mean, there is, as you heard us talk about, there's a $60 million loan repayment that we just received last week from a loan that we had out. But overwhelmingly, it's asset sales.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: One-off transactions. You've got a wide variety of everything from foreign countries to particular issues on ground leases to different kinds of hotels. Obviously, different kinds of investors who are interested in those hotels, so, absolutely I would say these are going to be onesies and twosies.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Yes, it did. If you think about it, the last guidance that we gave included the assumption that you had Charlotte for the full year. It was sold in June, so, as a result, you then drop that out for the rest of the year. Now, that's not a major impact, but it does have a bearing. It's going to be several million.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: So, really good question, and definitely you point out something that is true, that we have, I think, been fairly conservative as we looked at IMF as we started the year. Part of it, again, if you remember, FX, I think when we started the year, we thought that we were going to end up with a stronger dollar through the whole year, and I think that we have seen some lessening of that impact. We've frankly seen stronger margin performance than we expected in some markets, which has been helpful, and so we've outperformed. There is the reality, the way that we book our incentive fees, that as you go through the year, you have the possibility of having to give some back, depending on the performance of the various seasons during the year. And I think it is the case that in Q3, given the RevPAR that we're looking at, we could see that that happens. But, as we've said, you've described the beginning of the year, we have moved to where we're talking mid-single-digits growth rate for incentive fees for the year, which I think does reflect the fact that we've had a bit stronger performance on the profit line than at the beginning of the year we anticipated.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, it's a good question, Harry, and something we talk about quite a bit. I think there are a few factors going on here. I think GDP probably is still a better reference point for assessing demand than corporate profits are. Obviously, they're both averages of lots of economic activity and lots of participants in the economy. But GDP is a broader measure. Obviously, GDP has been quite anemic. The numbers that have been reported initially for the second quarter feel a little bit better at 2.6%. And if they really are meaningfully better, that will ultimately show up in demand. But GDP has been fairly anemic. Second, I think, is that the occupancy, you look at the quarter numbers are fabulous. System-wide across North America, we're nearly 80% for the full quarter, which is a pretty impressive kind of number. And so, you would expect a little bit more pricing movement. But, I think underneath that, you've got relatively more strength in leisure, which is more price-sensitive than the corporate business is. And I think one of the things we need to keep in mind is, while there are a few iconic companies in the lodging space, it sometimes looks like the industry is fairly concentrated, you've got to remember that we have thousands of franchisees who are pricing their own hotels on a day-to-day basis. And it is a market with radical transparency in pricing. And that may have some impact on our ability to move rates in this cycle compared to prior cycles.
Arne M. Sorenson: I think that's a perceptive question. In fact, all of these averages hide underneath them pluses and minuses that vary dramatically from company-to-company and industry-to-industry. And, obviously, there are industries like oil and gas, the energy environment, which are much tougher than others. But even if you go to the technology space, for example, technology ranges from companies that have existed for many, many decades to companies that are just a few years old. And when you look across that segment, you'll see that there are companies in there that are being very cautious about travel and very cautious about managing expenses, and others which seem to be spending as if they're having a great party. And that pops up in different ways in different markets. But, I think generally, it leads to a sort of anemic corporate transient business. Especially corporate, which tends to be the bigger accounts, is weaker than sort of what we would call corporate rack rate transient. But even if you look at that and you're not talking about being up a point or so in the second quarter.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, you've got to remember – start with the notion that STR industry numbers are being reported as all hotels, not just comp hotels. And so, you're getting new hotels that are just ramping that would not be in our comp numbers. We really are in the second year of performance where we've got true comparisons before we start to report comp. And that singularly is the biggest difference between STR's numbers and the numbers that we would report. We talked about this many times, but the core information to look at is RevPAR Index, and that's how do our hotels perform against the hotels they compete in market-by-market. And there we're performing quite well with modest increases in RevPAR Index in North America, and in other parts of the world, more significant Index, but we're really doing well. When you look at individual brands or individual markets, you mentioned W, for example, W is, I don't remember the number of open comp hotels in the United States, but it can't be much more than 25 or so, maybe even a little bit less than that. So, it's going to depend on our renovation in the hotel, it's going to depend on maybe a piece of Group business, something else. And it's hard to generalize from that kind of small portfolio anything about performance. We're in this brand-new W Hotel in Shanghai, opened five weeks ago. And when we look around the world, we see a pipeline and a portfolio of hotels in the W brand that is extraordinarily exciting. So, the brand is actually doing spectacularly well.
Arne M. Sorenson: But, again, it's going to depend a little bit on the dynamics. So, in the second quarter, you've got – and this will be an impact in the third quarter, too. Marriott skews a little bit more towards Group than the industry as a whole. And so, in quarters, where Group is weaker, we're likely to see a little bit more modest performance of that brand, and in quarters where Group is stronger, just the opposite.
Arne M. Sorenson: I think we're still very early in the process. We are seeing great anecdotal results from our customers. I think the Index performance is really encouraging to us. In full candor, I worried that there could be some dip in top-line performance in the quarters immediately following the close, because of the impact, particularly on Group business from distraction that could have been relevant in quarters before we actually closed the transaction. And what we've seen would suggest that we're performing right through that in a way that's extremely strong. And I think a part of that may be that we are, in fact, taking more share from our customers because of the bigger portfolio here. It's hard to be definitive about it because we don't have, except through partners and only in a somewhat dated way, share of wallet information. We have what we achieve from our customers, and we obviously can analyze that. And secondly, we are continuing to evolve the loyalty program. So, we need to get to a place where we've got a single loyalty program with the simpler interface with our customers, which hopefully, will take place in 2018. But, at this point, we think that there has been revenue lift, but it's a little bit early for us to claim victory.
Arne M. Sorenson: Group pace and – well, Group pace for North America is all we really have, I think, at the moment. Up modestly in 2018.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, I mean, I think we are seeing the construction process take a little bit longer than we anticipated. And so, the opening seems to have slipped back a little bit by a number of months. We have seen essentially no cancellations, which is a good news. And the other bit of good news is, just looking at very current trends, we are seeing construction starts continuing to move forward with considerable momentum. So, I think the construction markets are tight. I think the labor markets are tight, but the deals are getting done.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, let's see if we can find – I don't know if we've got that, and it's (36:56) worthwhile, but, let's break this down, sort of think it through aloud. There were about 125 million outbound trips by Chinese last year. And that would include very nearby markets, which get substantial visitation, which would be Macao, Hong Kong, for example. But then also markets like Korea and Japan, increasingly resort destinations, Thailand, I'd call out and Australia, I would call out. And, I think in some of these markets, the Chinese are overwhelmingly the biggest visitors. Take Macao as an example. In other markets, they may be – I don't know if we've got...
Arne M. Sorenson: I think the U.S. visitation is about 3 million Chinese visitors to the United States in total. And so, they're going to be a pretty small percentage of business in our hotels or in the industry as a whole. But, in most of these markets, it is going up 25%-ish year-over-year and has been for some period of time. And we see that in essentially all markets around the world. So, it's a bit of a small base in some markets, but the growth is fabulous and I think, it's going to be that way for many years to come.
Arne M. Sorenson: There are some features of exclusivity in this deal for a period of time. And that's about as far as we'll go. We have a lot to do together. I think we are going to be focused on doing that together. And we're excited about it. I know Alibaba is excited about it. I think this is a joint venture that would not have happened had we not done the Starwood transaction. I think when the Starwood transaction was announced, Alibaba was one of the companies that saw it and said we are very intrigued by the size of this portfolio, particularly with luxury and lifestyle and sort of the aspirational kinds of hotels that are in our portfolio, and we want to do meaningfully more business with you, Marriott, to help you and to help us. And we think that working together, just the two of us, we can accomplish a lot that's good for us and they can accomplish a lot that's good for them.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, that's right. But I think the most important part of the benefits of this deal will be driving hotel demand, which obviously will then come through our P&L and RevPAR and fees and incentive fees and the like. While we could conceivably make money on the joint venture itself, but that is not our primary focus on this. And I would caution you not to build anything into the model at this point until we can give you some more sort of color in that in the quarters ahead.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, I mean, it's been – I don't remember precisely, maybe a month, I suppose, since we announced that, maybe a little bit – June 15, is that when it was? So, six weeks. And what we've heard back has been encouraging. And we're not surprised by that. We did some beta testing in some markets before rolling it out as a brand standard, to see how customers responded to it. Nobody likes incremental restrictions on the flexibility of reservations, but I think most customers understand that we've got a need to manage our inventory and avoid walking people and doing those sorts of things. And as a consequence, the response has been just fine and we think really no impact on the business.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, this will be repeating a little bit what I said in the prepared remarks, but if you look at the first two quarters, we reported at about 2%, but if you back out the impact of the inaugural, and obviously, Marriott has got a big presence in the Washington market, we're really running more at like 1.5%. And that's – essentially you could do that by taking February through June, if you will. And as we've said in the prepared remarks, if you look at Q3, which we say roughly flattish. Why? Because you've got the loss of the political conventions in July, you've got shifting of July 4 towards even more midweek than it was last year, which makes the week tougher, and you've got the shift in Jewish holidays into Q3 and out of Q4. And so, if you kind of adjust for those, you're probably in the same 1% to 2% ballpark. And you look at Q4, you obviously have the benefit in Q4 of the Jewish holidays having shifted to Q3. So, the reported numbers will be better. But we see there's still a sort of 1% to 2% range. Obviously, we debated whether or not we should leave our North American guidance at 1.3%, but we couldn't figure out a math that made 3% germane any longer. When you really look at the 1% to 2% reporting, we think that's kind of the pace we're running at. You can't have the results we've had year-to-date be flattish in Q3 and expect that you're going to get to a 3% number, so we thought it was better to narrow the range.
Arne M. Sorenson: Oh, I think – that's interesting. The corporate environment is probably, in some respects, less relevant to the select-service brands than to the full-service brands. It's not irrelevant. Obviously, you've got individual business travelers that are staying there, particularly midweek. But the portfolios are broad. They tend to be a bit more sub-urban, they probably tend to be more in energy markets than the full-service brands would be, and energy, obviously, is an industry that's tough. So, there's some dynamic of this which is about the distribution of that product. Could there be a supply piece to it, too? Of course, I mean, the supply growth which is occurring in the industry is disproportionately in upscale, not in upper upscale. And so that has an impact. But generally, our view is the sky is by no means falling in the select-service space. These are hotels that are performing quite well and are quite profitable, and when you look at what's happening on the development side, you see that our development partners want to do more of them, not less.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, I mean, I could think it through with you, but certainly our fee growth is double-digit in China, maybe mid-teens or something even. But because we are getting 6% or 7% RevPAR growth, which is driving at least the same comp hotel performance, probably even a bit better because of incentive fees, not dramatically different because the way the formulas are, but a little bit better because of incentive fees. And we're growing units at much more than the 6% net, which is our average around the globe. It's probably unit growth more in the 10%-plus range. We can provide that to you supplementally at some point in time, but it's a very healthy growth rate, both in China and Asia-Pacific as a whole.
Arne M. Sorenson: It's a good question. To me, it feels comparable to last year's negotiating session on special corporate rates, maybe actually a little bit better. Don't under-appreciate the optimism, which still seems to exist in the market and in corporate America these days. And compare it to the point of view last August, September, and October, you're talking about a pre-election time. I think there was not a sort of robust optimism. Economy seemed to be producing, again, fairly anemic GDP growth. And I think in some respects, while that fairly anemic GDP growth has continued into 2017, there is still some optimism. You can see it reflected in certainly the equities markets and other places. That will flavor a little bit those sorts of conversations. So, I think when we get into those negotiations, we will, obviously, start with we're running high occupancies and your profits are good and talking about the terms that are a part of those contracts. And I suspect we'll sort of end up in the kind of range we negotiated last year, although we'll have to see. It obviously is something that we're just starting at this point in time.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes, I mean, I talked about the – that's really about select service growth in the United States and I think we signed more deals in 2015 than we did in 2016, when you adjust, obviously, for apples to apples and new brands and the Starwood merger and the rest, our numbers are continuing to go up because we are bigger with more brands. And there are some tremendous opportunities as we go forward. We look at the strength of – a renewed strength of Aloft and Element, for example, and what we hear from our franchisees, they are much more interested in those brands than they were in the past. AC Hotels is on fire in the United States as well as elsewhere, and Moxy looks like a global home run. So, there's some good stuff there. But, when you look at the United States, I think what we see is very healthy steady growth, but probably not at the levels fairly adjusted that we saw in 2015, and I don't think we'll get back to 2015 levels unless the economy with greater clarity improves from where it is today.
Arne M. Sorenson: China's obviously a very big market. Asia-Pacific is a very big market. Even you look within China, Shanghai trades very differently from Chengdu, for example. And in years past, what we saw is much greater strength in Shanghai than in a market like Guangzhou, although Guangzhou has started to turn decidedly more positive. And it's driven by occupancy and intensity of demand, and I think we'll see that we continue to have probably more ability to move rates in the strongest markets in the years ahead than we've had in the last few years. But we feel actually quite good about it.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, I suspect they'll stabilize a little bit lower than assets in North America. But there is, within the comp portfolio, a lot of hotels that have opened relatively recently and a lot of markets which are just sort of being defined. And as a consequence, I think we'll see as they mature that they will continue to build occupancy going forward and that gap probably will shrink to some extent in the years ahead, because we'll have relatively higher percentage which are comp hotels – sort of truly comp hotels, in other words, stabilized hotels.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes, it's a good question. I think Group has softened a bit more than we would have anticipated. Now, we always anticipate, when we start a year with mid to high-single-digit Group revenue on the books above the prior year that we'll give some of that back over the course of the year because some of that is about booking earlier, and therefore having a bit less capacity in the year, for the year Group business. But I think to be fair, we're forecasting right now and believing right now that we're going to end up staid-and-paid Group business in the books in 2017 a bit less than what we would have anticipated when the year began. And I think we're seeing 2018 a touch more modest than we would have expected a few quarters ago. Why? You know, it's probably a little bit the lengthening of the booking window. It's probably a little bit tough comparisons. Think about that 80% occupancy, roughly. And we've been putting a lot of Group business on the books for the last few years, so that gets a little bit tough. But I think there's probably a piece of some corporate cautiousness that is preventing us from posting even better numbers.
Arne M. Sorenson: October will be a great month. Now, part of that is the Jewish holidays that were in October last year will not be in October this year. But the Group business on the books for October, a benefit of that holiday shift, October will be a great month.
Arne M. Sorenson: I should keep my fingers crossed and knock on wood when I say it that definitively, but October and the fourth quarter as a whole will be obviously a fairly strong quarter, certainly compared to Q3.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, I think – well, they're big. And I think if you look at the year-to-date and you look at the guidance numbers, the relative softness in the U.S. compared to maybe our hopes, I suppose, has been at least offset by the greater strength that we've seen outside the United States. So, while we've brought down, for example, to 1% to 2% instead of 1% to 3%, the North American number for full year, we're sticking at a global system-wide number of 1% to 3% because we think that international contribution is at least as strong as the risks in the United States. How it ultimately pans out, we'll have to see. But we've done our best to reflect the best guidance we've got in the numbers we've give you this morning – this afternoon, I should say.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, I think it's all of it. But it's not particularly focused on home sharing or the disruptors in the space. It's much more about just the ubiquity of information. And I think with each passing year, it becomes simpler and simpler to know the rates at every single hotel, quite simply, within our own system. So, you've got that transparency on Marriott.com just as you do through other platforms. And with an increasing participation in the industry of the franchise community with individual pricing decisions that are being made by individual hotels, I think that's the world we live in. It does not mean that there won't be ability to drive rate in the future. We do have the ability to drive rate, certainly on midweek nights and others where the hotels are effectively full. But I don't think it's quite the environment we might have had in years past where probably there's a little bit more flexibility to do that.
Arne M. Sorenson: Okay. Well, thank you all very much for your time and attention this afternoon. We appreciate your flexibility, particularly with the schedule change, to pull you in after the markets close instead of as they open. But we thank you, as always, for your interest in Marriott and we wish you the best for the rest of the summer. Get out there and stay in our hotels. We'd love to be able to welcome you. Thanks, everybody.
