Arne M. Sorenson: Well, I think both are factors. I think in the early stages of a recovery, group is never going to contribute as much in REVPAR growth as transient will. Transient will bounce back faster and the group will still be held back a little bit by the length of the booking window and by the fact that the rates on the group business reflect rates that are put on the books at weaker times in the cycle. And I think as -- the longer we get into a recovery cycle, the more that factor ought to dissipate. I also think that the sales transformation efforts that the company is engaged in are performing very well. We have just been now 5 quarters, I think, since the last markets were rolled out with this new sales transformation process in the United States. And the feedback we're getting from our customers and the numbers that are coming in are both very encouraging to us. We anticipate this year that we will refer, in a sense, from one market to another in excess of $200 billion bookings this year. That is possible only because of our sales transformation effort, which really pulls these efforts above property and make -- allows us to compensate people for bookings no matter what hotel they're going to.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, it's -- there are some things which are easier than others. Gaylord, to be fair, has done an excellent job with these hotels. They have great service scores with group customers. I think the groups appreciate very much the boxes that Gaylord has. They're great hotels. They're great places to hold meetings. And so there's a lot of good there that we hope obviously to preserve and continue to build on. But Gaylord has had one obvious challenge. And that is they have had to support only 4 hotels as a standalone brand. And so it's very hard to get economies of scale around reservation systems, around accounting systems, around any of those sorts of things. And I think those things will be the easiest places to drive margins. Gaylord obviously will be communicating directly with you about this, but we've been going through very specifically with them before we signed our preliminary documents and certainly as we've gotten ready for the transition, which officially commenced on October 1, Monday of this week, when we took over management of those hotels. But we think the management – that the margin fee potential for those hotels particularly is very strong.
Arne M. Sorenson: That's a good question. We're obviously mindful of the fact that the 5% to 7% are different numbers than the 6% to 8%. Just as a refresher, 6% to 8% was, we thought, a relevant range for our model and was done without the benefit of a budget. It was also a 3-year number, not a 1-year look at 2013. As we've gotten closer to 2013, I think we'd say most things feel about the same. I suspect on balance, we're a bit more cautious about the rest of the world than we were in the summer in Beijing when we put that conference on. In the United States, that 5% to 7%, we're maybe a bit more cautious about GDP growth. We've put another couple of quarters if really pretty modest growth on the books in the United States economy in the quarters that have succeeded. And we're now sort of thinking 2%-ish GDP growth for next year that's implicit in this model. I don't remember off the top of my head, but I suspect we were more in the 2.5% range in our thinking as we were together in Beijing.
Arne M. Sorenson: No, I mean, just the reverse. I think we used the phrase, "steady as she goes" in the prepared remarks quite deliberately. What we're seeing in the United States is very encouraging in terms about a continued recovery in demand and a continuing shift towards rate growth as a contributor to REVPAR growth. Obviously, the group bookings look good. I think where we sit in terms of our targeting for special corporate negotiation feel good. Supply growth stays low. So we're very encouraged by what we see in the United States.
Arne M. Sorenson: China is more or less stable from what we thought a quarter ago. And a quarter ago, we saw about 5 hotels out of a pipeline of 60 or 70, I don't remember precisely the number in the pipeline in China, which looked to us like they were slowing from '12 into '13. We've not added any in that category over the course of the last quarter. We do see some incremental slippage in some hotels in India and Thailand. Those are -- it's hard to say that those are driven by economic factors because each of them seems to have its own story, but we also can't ignore the fact that India is wrestling with some economic issues, which I think are significant. As we look at each of these, whether it be the 5 in China that we talked about a quarter ago or these incremental ones in India and Thailand, none of them seems to be a canceled project and we expect all of them to continue to open in our system.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes. Well again, it's always dangerous to hold out some numbers after 2 weeks of performance at the Essex House. And to be fair, September and October in New York are a great time for business. But the -- I think that probably the data point there that's most interesting is 40% of the customers in the first 2 weeks are Marriott Rewards members. And it gives you just a sense of how powerful that customer pipeline is being connected to a hotel of that quality and in such a great location. And that is the overwhelming driver of upside in performance that both strategic and we would expect from that hotel. We are bringing a brand, a rewards program, a set of relationships with special corporate customers and with groups, all of which will drive, we think, meaningfully more business into that hotel than it's experienced over the last few years. We'll obviously do what we can working with Lawrence and the team at strategic to make sure we're finding additional margin opportunities as well. But I think the biggest driver and the simplest one is going to be driving revenue.
Arne M. Sorenson: We don't really have anything to say about incentive fees for next year. Apologize for that, Robin. I think the, obviously, incentive fee growth in Q3 was strong, and we feel encouraged by that. When you look at fourth quarter, I suspect we'll see incentive fee growth at lower rates than we've experienced in Q3. And that's fundamentally going to be driven by that 3%-ish REVPAR expectation for international hotels in Q4. If we come in at those numbers, it will clip our international incentive fee growth a bit. And obviously, in February, after we've gotten through the budget process, we will update you on 2013 expectations for incentive fees.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes, Carl maybe has this. I can't tell you exactly what the booking window is, but I'll give you a statistic which I think is quite illuminating. So when we look at bookings in Q3 for the Marriott Hotels & Resorts hotels in the United States that were put on the books for all future periods, what we see is that the bookings for the next 13 periods were down a bit like 5% in revenues from the bookings we made a year ago for the next 13 periods. Again, 13 periods for us in '12 is 1 year. Next year, 12 periods will be 1 year, but that's another story. But when we look at the bookings for the 13 periods after that, so that's essentially the second year after, bookings are up 10%. And what that is showing is nothing to be concerned about. That first statistic of 5% decline is not showing a lack of demand. It's showing that we are getting to a point where we're capacity-constrained, and we're getting to a point where group customers are increasingly looking a little bit farther out. And I think we'll continue to see that shift go forward as long as the recovery moves.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes, I mean we know we're already running at occupancy levels which are essentially equivalent to 2007 levels.
Arne M. Sorenson: I think generally, we are seeing a modest increase in expected demand from our special corporate customers. We're obviously still very early in the special corporate negotiations season. Most of our proposals are out to our special corporate customers but very few are back yet. But based on what we've put out, that's one of the things that gives us some insight into the next year. And what we hear from our customers is generally a modest further increase in demand, let alone the recognition that rates are likely to go up. You take that plus group bookings at plus a bit over 7% for '13, and we look at the way pricing is starting to respond including in Q3 of this year. Those are the kinds of things that we're relying onto to look at that 5% to 7% growth for next year.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, we do have an internal goal. I won't be more specific than the high single-digits rate increase. I think that is driven though both by pricing growth in like-for-like accounts and I suspect some of the lower-rated special corporate accounts we will essentially not play with, or we will play with fewer hotels with those accounts. And that will give us a little bit more risk with rack rate business, which is not special corporate and not last room availability business. But that mix is an important piece going into that 5% to 7% calculation for next year, too.
Arne M. Sorenson: I think we're seeing -- you've also got the – a couple of things going on here. I think the sales offices are doing great, and I think the focus on group business and the pitching and catching from one market to another are helping us grab a greater share of group business, which is in the marketplace. And that's all good. I know a quarter ago, we had some conversation about whether that was squeezing out some transient business. And I think in some hotels on some nights, that probably does. But this is still business that we would much prefer to have because of the non-room spending that's associated with group. And particularly, as the rates continue to move, I think that's great. The other thing you get is some of these markets which are more transient-dominated. So you think about New York, which was 5% REVPAR growth in the quarter. New York has good group business, but it is a transient market. And that -- those much more heavily influenced transient REVPAR numbers are driven both by the impact of supply growth, by the impact of the strengthening dollar, which they have some impact on international business and from some of the other factors that are driving that kind of REVPAR performance in that market in Q3. Demand equation still though looks pretty good to us, including in both the group and transient segments, which is, I guess, fairly obvious if we talk about a 5% to 7% set of expectations for next year.
Arne M. Sorenson: Not really. I mean, the 7% is kind of almost 7.5%. And so it's -- to me, it's more or less the same number that we had a quarter ago. It's still a very positive kind of number, that's good confirmation for us.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes, the -- essentially, if you look at the REVPAR schedules, you've got the -- as we've done every quarter, you've got the managed block that we show on the top of the page and then the franchised added to that for system-wide numbers at the bottom of the page. And different brands are acting a little bit differently. I think if you look at the full-service Marriott brand as an example, the managed portfolio tends to be a bit more group-reliant, and its geographic distribution is probably a bit more in center city urban markets. And as a consequence, those numbers are a bit stronger than the system-wide numbers for the MHR brand as a whole. I think to some extent, we're seeing the same thing when you look at the limited service brands. So the Courtyard, as an example, where we manage probably about 300 Courtyard hotels, high 200s anyway, and the franchise portfolio is probably 300 to 400, our portfolio will tend to be a bit more urban. Now this is all relative, obviously, within the Courtyard brand, but will tend to be a bit more urban. And I think those are probably a bit better performing markets. So geographic distribution will be a piece of it. I suspect there's also a piece which could be driven by things like the Courtyard refreshing business renovation cycle, where the managed portfolio is probably getting closer to stabilizing after completion of those renovations, and franchise is probably a little bit behind by a few quarters but making great progress. Those are the kinds of things that we would think are probably driving a little bit of that disparity.
Arne M. Sorenson: We'll end up the year around the same place, I would think, maybe about 2/3, maybe a couple of points higher. This sort of gets back to that booking window question that was asked before. I wouldn't be surprised to see us end the year at 1 point or 2, maybe 2 or 3 points more of our group business on the books as of the first of the year than we would have had the year before. But it won't be a dramatic shift from the year earlier.
Arne M. Sorenson: It's about 2/3. About 2/3 at year end. And again, one of the things to keep in mind here is group business ranges from 5,000 to 10,000 room nights in some of these big association meetings, which are always booked long in advance to, particularly when you get to some smaller hotels and more urban locations, business which is always going to be booked fairly short term. Even when demand is building, they're going to take the risk that they're going to pay more in rate, and they're just going to -- they're not going to definitize their business because you're talking about a few hundred rooms maybe depending on what they're doing. So we'll get some shift but not -- it still should be year-end about 2/3.
Arne M. Sorenson: What percentage of our U.S. business today for next year is completed contracts? Or what's the total volume in our hotels of special corporate…
Arne M. Sorenson: In the Marriott brand, it's going to be in the 12% to 15% range would be special corporate. And actually, the other brands obviously vary a little bit from that.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes, it's all -- I mean, obviously, you can get the Smith Travel data and you can see fairly regularly what they're reporting for Europe. We talked about this a quarter ago. We're still on balance pleasantly surprised by the numbers that Europe is putting on the books. Now to be fair and to give credit to our team over there, we budgeted about the kinds of numbers that we're delivering. I personally thought there was more downside risk on that budget coming out of Europe than there was upside potential just based on reading the newspapers and watching the economic data that's coming out of Europe. It seems to keep ticking along at sort of modestly positive numbers as opposed to flat or negative numbers. We obviously talked directionally about flattish numbers for '13. Is it possible we could be surprised to the upside? It is, based on performance the way it's happening. On the other hand, even if it keeps going essentially the way it's going today, we will lose nearly 2 points of REVPAR because of the Olympics, the Euro Cup and the comparison in German fairs or German conventions year-over-year, which would get us pretty near to 0. Europe, I think, is very hard to predict. I would guess that next year, we'll see London and Paris perform meaningfully better than southern Europe, maybe better than Germany, depending on what happens with their economic environment. I still think the right expectations is kind of flattish for next year.
Arne M. Sorenson: And Carl, correct me if I'm wrong, but I think the other thing based on the bond issuance you did in Q3, we've got most of the fixed-rate long-term debt that we would envision putting in place here now for at least the foreseeable future, which means you've got high flexibility on share repurchases and high flexibility on using commercial paper on financing the company. So it's very easy to adjust these things up and down based on what we're seeing on the horizon. I quibble with your question a little bit, Bill, on the sense that there may be modestly more reduced expectations today than we had when we were in Beijing. But I don't think it's a dramatically different world. In fact, I think in some respects, though 5% to 7% is a point lower than 6% to 8%, with another couple of quarters of good strong performance in the United States and good group bookings, continued low supply growth, I think our confidence levels in the United States are every bit as high as they were before. And then when you look around the globe, you see a picture which varies a little bit from place to place. And I wouldn't say it's dramatically different but probably you're right, modestly, we're a little bit less bullish.
Arne M. Sorenson: We're -- our guess at this point, again, we haven't done a budget, so we don't have individual New York hotels yet. But our guess is that New York will be within the range of the other significant markets in the United States next year. On the positive side, it is a fabulous destination. It's got everything going for it. It's got a lot of commerce that brings people in for business travel. It's a great leisure destination. If people can get the rooms to do their group business there, it's a great place to host a meeting. And so it's got great drivers of demand, which have gotten better and stronger as the globe has seen more and more folks traveling. So visitors from Latin America, visitors from Europe, visitors from Asia, everybody wants to go to New York. So that's on the positive side. On the negative side, I think that the obvious point is supply growth in New York is, I suspect, as high as any big urban market we have in the United States. Has been the last couple of years, is likely to continue to post supply growth numbers in 2013 and 2014, which are at or near the top of the big markets in the United States. And the way the dust settles on all that, we'll have to see. I suspect that's been a bit of an impact in some of the quarters we've had over the last 1.5 years or so. On balance, we think that demand should do okay sucking up that supply, and we should still post fairly good numbers in New York.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes. No, those are all really good questions. We continue to think that about 1.5% of the system is the right kind of deletion number for the foreseeable future. Every hotel that leaves our system has got a different story. And we are, on our side of this equation, we're only a piece of it. So a piece of it could be what an owner wants or it could be about whether a hotel has failed. It could be about other dynamics in a market. On our side of the equation, we have gotten a bit more comfortable with saying goodbye to hotels, which are in the lower-quality tiers of our portfolio. And maybe in years past, we would have fought harder to keep some of those. But there's still a lot of stories. So we lost, I think it was in Q3, it might have been in Q2, I apologize for not remembering precisely, we took out 4 hotels in Thailand that didn't pay us much in fees. And they were okay hotels, but it seemed to us to be the right place to exit that portfolio, in part because they were under severe economic pressure. We took some rooms out of 1,000-room hotel in China because it had too many rooms. This was a hotel in Beijing which, based on its location and based on the owner's desire to do some residential, seemed like a better use of that asset and one that actually would cause the surviving hotel to perform even better. And in the quarter, we lost a hotel like Doral. I don't know how many of you know the Doral in Miami, but that was a hotel that essentially was going through a bankruptcy process. And we received a significant termination payment in exchange for leaving and terminating that management contract. I'll leave it up to you who know the Doral, how you think about that from a quality perspective. But all these stories are a little different. I -- we still think 1.5% is probably about the right expectation to have. All right. Thank you all very much for your time and attention this morning. We appreciate your interest in Marriott, and we look forward to welcoming you into our hotels on your travels.
Carl T. Berquist: We're about 3% off quarter-to-quarter, third quarter 2007 versus this third quarter of 2012. It's about 3% on REVPAR behind, and occupancy has basically gotten back and it's a little bit in rate.
Carl T. Berquist: Sure. I think that part of it is you have to look at the mix. Group is 40% for the Marriott brand or around 40% versus the transient side, so that's going to -- that mix is going to affect the overall REVPAR for the quarter for the brand. I think that's part of it, probably a big part of the driver of it.
Carl T. Berquist: Yes, that's a good question. We look at that on a realtime basis. I do remind you, we, as part of the Gaylord transaction, we funded the $210 million during the fourth quarter. That goes into the equation as well. But we'll continue to look at it and look at our cash flow positions, and we'll be disciplined about how we invest that money, whether in the business or return it to the shareholders.
Carl T. Berquist: Sure. In the quarter, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we saved about $0.01 in the, what I'd call, the net admin area, this discipline around cost. And then we had about $0.03 we saved from -- we had put in our forecast those amounts anticipating that we may have to incur some costs relative to some workouts. It turned out we didn't have to do that, so we saved on that, and that's more of a onetime item. I think as you look at our G&A costs, and obviously, we haven't done our budgets yet so we don't have numbers for the -- for 2013, but we typically run a 3% to 4% G&A increase on a run rate basis year-in and year-out, and we try to be disciplined and manage to that. In any given quarter or any given year, we're going to have some of these onetime items. Would caution in the fourth quarter of 2011, we had a $5 million onetime item. That's in that number that's making -- helping in the comparisons as you look at the fourth quarter, although we do have some savings in there too for '12. As far as the impairment goes, we have an investment in a partnership that we had to write down by about $7 million in the quarter. Just as we looked at it, it has a number of hotels in it, Marriott hotels, well, there's a few Marriott hotels in it, that they I looked at it, values dropped under the accounting rules, we needed to impair it.
Carl T. Berquist: I think as far as our guidance for the rest of the year, that's our best look at it as it is right now. And that also includes, just to remind you, the $210 million for Gaylord that I just mentioned. And then again, we haven't done the 2013 forecast yet. But I think you can go back and kind of look at our trends over the last couple years as to what we've spent relative to capital. And also as we talked out in China when we were out there, we kind of laid out what we thought a 3-year look would look like. So I think you could kind of correlate those things to kind of get a gut feel for it. But we really haven't done the detailed roll-up yet, Steve.
Carl T. Berquist: Well, we look at that on a realtime basis, Bill, as I mentioned. And you're right, as we look at it going out, we do take into consideration where we think we are in the cycle and how we're -- things are behaving relative to the cycle long term. We kind of target a 3% to 3.25% adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA range and kind of hold ourselves to that as we go through. But we do look at what's happening in the economy as we do that as well. The one thing about repurchases rather than dividends is, is that it gives us the flexibility to increase and decrease as we see these trends take place on a realtime basis.
