Stephen Pettibone: Thank you, Sylvia, and thanks to all of you for dialing in to Starwood's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Frits van Paasschen, our CEO and President; and Vasant Prabhu, our Vice Chairman and CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that our discussions during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements, and forward-looking statements made today are effective only as of today. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in Starwood's annual report on Form 10-K and in our other SEC filings. You can find a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in today's call on our website at www.starwoodhotels.com. With that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Frits for his comments.
Stephen Pettibone: The D&A that we guided to includes the proportion of the JVs. So it's going to be higher than what you're seeing on our balance sheet, if that's what you're referring to. It is going to be a little bit higher because it's going to reflect the investments we've been making both on the renovations we've been doing and some of the technology. So...
Stephen Pettibone: Yes. Ian, if you have any questions, feel free to reach out. So thanks, Frits and Vasant. I want to thank all of you for joining us today for our fourth quarter earnings call. We appreciate your interest in Starwood Hotels & Resorts. If you have any other questions, feel free to reach out to us. Thanks for joining us.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes. This is -- as we've told you before, Felicia, this is a regular conversation we have among ourselves here, as well as with our board, and we will have it again next quarter. As you would expect, we go about assessing intrinsic value, which is as much art as science in the ways you might. We look at all angles, peer multiples, discounted cash flows, all the various approaches that you might take. It is a range. We discuss it regularly, and we make some judgments on what our intrinsic value is. And our approach has been that we are buyers of our stock, we feel that it is below intrinsic value. Just a few things I might point out because, I guess, you're asking the question on the basis that there were no buybacks in the last quarter. First of all, one quarter doesn't tell you much about what we might do. The second thing to note is we did pay a dividend in the last quarter of $1.35. As Frits said, that's $260 million that actually went back to shareholders in the last quarter. The third point, I think is we can understand some concern if our stock was underperforming and we were not deploying the capacity we have, perhaps, to buy back stock. That, as you know, has not been the case. We had total shareholder return of 41% last year, and we're well ahead of S&P and our peers for the last 10 years. We could also perhaps understand if there was some concern that we were overpaying for acquisitions. We never have and certainly do not plan to. The other thing I would point out is despite having the cash in the balance sheet that we have, we're actually reducing our capital spending on our own hotels as we finish our renovations. And in fact, you've seen us sell hotels. And now, we're terminating a lease early, where on accessible terms, we have owners who are willing to take on the renovation. So the point of all this is essentially to say that despite the cash we have, we remain disciplined allocators of capital and we have a track record of returning significant cash back to you. And buybacks, as you know, are not the only avenue. We have dividends, special dividends, and we've used all avenues. So we do, as Frits said, have plenty of dry powder, and we will use it as we've done in the past to really focus on driving shareholder value.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Well, I mean, 2 things: One, we're talking about 1 quarter here. That doesn't tell you much about what we might do. And in the last quarter, as you know, we had bought back quite a bit of stock. And if you look at our track record, there's no evidence that we don't return cash back to shareholders. So I don't think one should overreact to what happens in one quarter, number one. Number two, I guess having once said we weren't able to buy stock in the quarter because we were constrained by other considerations, we have to forever answer that question. Having answered that once before, I guess, we should say, no, we were not constrained in terms of buying back stock. And I'm not sure you should read too much into what precisely our intrinsic value considerations are and so on. As we said earlier, I mean, we have multiple avenues to return stock -- cash back to you. In the fourth quarter, we did return $260 million back in the form of a dividend. We have done special dividends, we have done buybacks, so we look at all angles.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes. Joe, I just want to make it very clear that we -- Frits and I and our board fully understand that the pace of asset sales and the pace of cash return is a significant priority for our investors. We know that. So you should be quite sure that the message is clear and has been heard, and not just because you just delivered in the first 2 questions. We know that.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes. Actually, we might get a little bit better performance in some of our European hotels and we will be held back by what's happening in Argentina. So Mexico should help, the U.S. will be okay and Europe should be better.
Vasant M. Prabhu: We actually think that the markets are becoming deeper, and there are more buyers now seeking to deploy larger amounts of money. Our sense, as we told you earlier, was it used to be the public REITs in the U.S. who came in for one hotel at a time, issued stock, et cetera. We now think that there are people who are willing to do portfolio sales. We think private equity is back, had not been in the market before. Certainly the sovereigns are back. So we're optimistic that -- as I think I said in my comments, that this is prime time for asset sales, and we intend to fully take advantage of it. You might recall that in 2006, we probably sold $6 billion worth of hotels. If this is something like that, then you should expect us to not wait until 2016 to get our $3 billion done but do it sooner; as always, contingent on market conditions, prices and all that. Cap rates-wise, it's purely a function of what hotel you're selling. I mean, we've seen sub-5% cap rates on some of our better hotels, and 6% to 7% on some of the more suburban and airport hotels. In terms of region, we feel pretty good about -- we feel very good about the U.S. We think there's interest in Mexico. We certainly think Brazil is -- this could be a good time, given the World Cup and the Olympics. Argentina is going to be hard. We think there's definitely a market for our hotel in Sydney. And then because of the nature of our hotels in Europe, because the hotels we have in Europe are largely trophies, that's a global market and it's not a Europe-specific market. So we feel pretty good about most of the regions.
Vasant M. Prabhu: We've done special dividends before. We did as much as, if I remember right, $3 billion in special dividends, which mean whole stock and a special dividend in '06. I don't think the logic we would give you would be any different than what you would see elsewhere. They make sense under certain circumstances. We are open to them. We've done them before. Certainly, when there are sources of cash that are event-like, it's an opportunity to do it. It's certainly an avenue to get cash back to shareholders in a more reliable way at times. So we consider it as much of an avenue to return cash, as we consider buybacks and our regular dividend.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes. Méridien and Sheraton, remember, when you look at brands, their performance is very much a function of their global footprint. So if you look at Méridien, it is very big in the Middle East. And because of what's happening in Egypt and Saudi -- in fact, Saudi is a huge piece of the business for Méridien. I think almost 10% of the brand's fees come from Saudi, and there's a visa restriction. So you have these peculiarities that don't tell you much about how the brand itself is doing. We feel very good about what's happened to the Méridien brand over the years. Similarly for Sheraton, as you know, Sheraton has a significant footprint in China, which is among the weaker markets last year. And then Sheraton also has a very big footprint in places like Europe. Sheraton, in fact, is 50-50 U.S.-non-U.S. So it is more dependent on what's going on in other parts of the world. So again, I don't think you can read too much into a global REVPAR performance of a brand.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes, look, we have a very diversified portfolio in terms of currency exposures. And we don't view sort of speculating on currencies as something we should do. Having said that, we have, as you know, for the past few years hedged about half our exposure to our -- half our euro exposure. And less to make a directional bet on the euro, but more to go to a fixed and variable kind of approach to the euro and reduce some of the volatility. And we've done it again. We've hedged about half our exposure of our profits to the euro at about 1.36, if I remember right. And other than that, there's not a hedging we're doing. And our -- so the plus or minus 1% move of the dollar uniformly against other currencies is still about $5 million.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes. I think the timeshare, we'll look to do a securitization later this year. And because we didn't do one last year, it could be roughly in the range of $250 million in cash from a timeshare securitization. And in terms of the lease itself, once the deal is done, we'll give you some more details. It's an important hotel. It allows us to lock in a key location for a very long time. We'll get some consideration in cash, but the rest will be avoidance of a capital spend that we were planning this year, anyway.
Vasant M. Prabhu: I think if you normalize it, it's up probably 5% or 6%, if I remember right. But it is the investments that we made in our owned hotels that are now renovated and opened. So you start depreciating the new capital that went in, and it's the investments in our technology infrastructure. But it is not such a big increase once you normalize it and do apples-to-apples. Some of your questions, I'm sure Stephen can do that.
Frits D. van Paasschen: Yes. Robin, this is Frits. And when we made the statement at our Investor Meeting in Dubai last year, we fully expected that you and others would look at the 4 years and the $3 billion and do exactly what you've done, which is try to decide whether we're on pace each year at $750 million per year. The reality is that we have said and will continue to say that first of all, our pace of sales is very much dependent on appetite and demand among the hotel ownership community and transaction volumes. And in that area, we've seen some pickup in demand. Our assessment when we made this statement looking out to 2016 is yes, that, in fact, the market would continue to improve over that time period; and therefore, it's more likely that there would be more sales as we got through to the 3 years than -- or the 4 years laying it out since last year than where we began. The second piece is, and I think that people need to appreciate this for its importance as well, we are, as a management team and as a business, committed to the fee part of our operations. And as such, it's very important for us, particularly when we sell iconic hotels that we want to have part of our system, that we sell them to partners that we want to work with over the long term. So the key for us is to have a robust slate of buyers we want to work with in a transaction environment that would enable us to sell. So we're continuing to focus on our goal of getting to 80% fee-driven, which, as you'll recall, was the basis under which we had made the projection or -- if that's the right word, the estimate for the $3 billion in sales. We're still very much committed to that track. This is, I think, a classic example of the motion you see is only the transactions that are completed. What you don't see are the active discussions that take place every day as we look at opportunities and alternatives. So long way of saying, recognize the pace question. It doesn't concern us, the direction and the strategy hasn't changed, and we are looking forward to the transaction environment making it more attractive as we look ahead.
Frits D. van Paasschen: Yes. Thomas, this is Frits. I would just add a couple of things to reinforce Vasant's point. The first is we do see the buyer market around the world getting deeper. And what that really means is that increasingly, we see regional buyers interested in hotels in the regions where they reside or where they tend to be more active. The second is that, and we've said this for quite some time now with respect to our North American business, the supply demand environment for hotels here and the fact we had 3 straight quarters of record occupancies, would tell you that the fundamentals of operating hotels have been pretty favorable and look to be set that way for a while. So I agree with Vasant. We certainly don't wait until the 11th hour. On the other hand, being patient in selling assets up until now, I think, has worked in the interest of shareholders, not the other way around.
Frits D. van Paasschen: Well, pace for 2014 is pace in the mid-single digits. I think that we are starting to see the return of incentive travel especially in locations in Europe. So that's a good sign of increasing corporate confidence. I think that the trends that we were seeing through most of last year are continuing in. I mean, the nature of group is a little bit different than it used to be. It's higher volumes of smaller meetings, and we don't see a lot of that changing. We had seen some pretty good production into the out years. So I think that the trends are all going in the right direction.
Frits D. van Paasschen: Yes. Ian, this is Frits. So there hasn't been a crackdown on luxury as such. There's certainly been a focus by the government on austerity for conspicuous activity at hotels and other locations for government officials. The reality is that the luxury business in China overall and demand among business transient travelers into China and then leisure travelers continues to be very strong. So as Vasant pointed out in his remarks, if you look at the volume of guests coming into Macau, if you look at the flow of guests to Hainan island, which is a place where we have a significant luxury and resort presence, I think what you'd conclude is that while government demand for the high end in conspicuous consumption has certainly been curtailed, the organic growth in consumer and business demand, we believe, is well positioned to offset that. So no, our focus is still on the portfolio of the 9 brands that we have in China. We've seen growth and demand for each of those in different places and in different kinds of markets.
Frits D. van Paasschen: All right. I'll start. And Bill, I probably won't get to every one of your questions. And therefore, I'm sure Vasant will come in behind me. In terms of your first question related to demand for portfolio sales, seeing as how we really haven't undertaken a portfolio sale of significance for some time. We've had a few multiple property sales, but largely focused around a single asset or a combination of assets. I think any future portfolio sale would, therefore, mark a significant uptick in that demand. And I think the best thing for us to say at this point is we're certainly testing the market for portfolio sales, but it would mark the first time in quite some time for us, if we were to undertake one of great significance. The second part of your question related to what the value of our owned assets would be as we look ahead. And remember, and I mentioned this a bit earlier in an answer to a question on this call, our focus has been to get to a business that is at least 80% driven in terms of its earnings by our fee business. And our logic for doing that is because we believe that the fee business, as we've outlined before, has extraordinary characteristics in terms of its potential for long-term growth and its ability to generate cash while it's doing that. The reason we haven't said 100%, Bill, is that we will have leased hotels, which technically don't fit in the category of fees. We have a vacation ownership business today. And we also believe that we don't want to completely preclude our ability, if necessary, on a relatively small scale, to undertake any transactions where we end up owning a hotel as a part of what we're doing. So I think if you add all those things together, it's not an easy thing to say that if 3 years from now we've sold $3 billion worth of assets, what's the value of what we have left. I think that depends so much on the complexion of what we sell and what the performance of those properties is at that point. But I think thinking in terms of that 80%-plus fee-driven, look at what our company is built up from by then is the way to think about it. And then in terms of consideration for the lease, we don't generally get into the details on that. The salient detail for you is that we're focusing on being able to get significant capital into a leased asset in exchange for a long-term management contract. And so the way we would look at this is on a present value basis, according to what consideration we get for making that change, the capital requirements of that asset that no longer fall onto us and the potential to have a long-term management contract, which in any one year might have lower EBITDA than the lease would have for as long as the lease lasted. But clearly, we would do that with an eye towards having a much longer contract than the duration of the lease. So I know you went through a lot. I think I got through it all. But I'm going to hand to Vasant in case there's anything I missed over.
