Arne M. Sorenson: Okay, that's your one question with 2 parts, Smedes. Let me start with -- I think the most powerful statistic on group bookings is the one that we include in the prepared remarks, which is group business on the books for 2012. This is for the Marriott Hotels & Resorts managed comp hotels is up 7% in revenue compared to the same time last year. And that reflects really continued strong bookings. We thought it was very interesting that in period 9, which is largely the month of August for us, group bookings that were made for the next 12 months were up 14% from the same period last year. As we all know, August was the month where probably the anxiety in the marketplace turned the most intense. And so we were quite comforted by that activity. And even as we closed that period 9 and closed our third quarter, when we look at the bookings that we're working on that have not yet been made, so we're really talking about the funnel there, the funnel was up over, say, 17% from the same period last year. So all of that gives us at least the basis to say that there's no sign that the weakness has shown up yet. And the way companies are acting today, they still seem to be prepared to make commitments for their business going forward. Carl had some statistics about sales transformation and the pitching and catching with -- we'll do $150 million to $200 million this year easily in business that is pitched from one sales office to a very different market across the country. That's the kind of activity that's made possible by the sales transformation program that we've got. We obviously have just completed in roughly July 1 the rollout of this program to all of the markets in the United States. There's nothing dramatic that we can report to you other than we feel like we're continuing to make progress. And obviously, it's a big enough change that we continue to talk to our owners about it. And we do make some adjustments as we go forward, but we're feeling reasonably good about the progress of that program today.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes. I guess, Felicia, I would say that we feel really good about the bookings going forward, both for Q4 and for 2012. And we think sales transformation is a piece of that. I think it's one of the reasons we feel positive about the way that program is developing. When you talk about Smith Travel numbers for group, that tends to be more of a paid and stayed measure, so what happened in Q3. And there, I think we're continuing to see that group business in Q3 was weaker than transient business. We think most of that is economic cyclicality. Group business tends to come back a little bit more slowly. And some of that is the impact of the D.C. market, where we've got a number of big boxes, and obviously, that's a little bit weaker.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, I think there are a couple of things. We would expect that sales transformation will help us take incremental market share as it gets further and further established and delivers more and more results. I think to some extent, the economic cycle and impact on transient and group business will be a factor we continue to deal with. So in a growing economic environment, transient will tend to grow faster than group. Now do we have a growing economic environment and how fast is it growing, you can make that call.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes. So Europe, Carl's comments talked about the U.K. provinces, which I think is the one meaningful market for us where we've seen some slowdown, and we think that's by and large driven by U.K. government belt-tightening. We have only one hotel in Greece, and so that hotel in Athens is not very material to our results, and to tell you the truth, I can't really tell you exactly what's happening in Greece in terms of demand trends in that market. But when we look across the rest of Europe, we actually see a surprisingly strong performance, notwithstanding the incredible newspaper stories we seem to read every day and the rounds of crisis that we've got really coming out of the Greece and Spain and Italy at this point. I think we'll continue to watch Europe carefully as we go forward. I think implicit in the numbers we've got within that 3% to 7% range next year is relatively more modest growth in Europe than in other parts of the world. And I think a bit of that is their fare schedule, which is relevant, a bit more relevant to the way their -- our business reports there than it is in other parts of the world. So I think part of that is just a bit more modest expectations for those economies, generally. China and Asia continue to move spectacularly well. Obviously, they're looking at a residential bubble, particularly in the property space, and trying to discern whether they have one and, if they do, what to do about it. It, by and large, is not impacting the pace by which we're taking new hotels into our pipeline in China. The hotels that are in our pipeline of 105,000 rooms are 90% under construction in China, some number like that, and will represent the bulk of what we open into mid-2012. It is the case, though, that often we sign management contracts for hotels which have been put under construction before we've signed that contract. And we are working on dozens of hotels in China alone that we're still optimistic we'll be able to sign here over the next few quarters. So at this point, it's all-systems-go for us. And I think one of the really positive things about China is, notwithstanding the difficulty of the World Expo comparisons, which started to hit in Q3, the demand trends in China and much of the rest of Asia are surprising to the upside and don't show any signs of losing momentum.
Arne M. Sorenson: Josh, if I can, I think one important point, and we've seen this in couple of the early analyst reports that have come out, but generally, our EPS range that corresponds to that 3% to 7% REVPAR growth that we've used is not driven by a material impact from future share repurchases. We have obviously been really active in the market year-to-date with about 36 million shares purchased. And as you all know, the way that math works, we will get increasing benefit from that as we get the full year impact of those shares being retired. In the quarter, for the quarter, you only get a certain amount of it, and on a year-to-date basis, you don't really get that much impact. So the EPS numbers are really not driven for 2012 by share repurchase activity that has not been done today. Our model tends to assume that we're going to buy stock at valuations which would be significantly above where the market values us today, and in part, because of that -- because you don't get the full year benefit of that, there really isn't much EPS contribution from future purchases.
Arne M. Sorenson: So let's see. Excluding the Middle East and Japan, global margin's about -- or international margin's up about 70 basis points compared to that 40. And I think the business booked in Q3 as a whole group business compared to Q3 of last year was about in the same range of that 14%. That 14% figure, though, I used was bookings in our ninth period compared to the bookings in the ninth period of a year ago.
Arne M. Sorenson: It's lower at 3% and higher at 7%. Yes, we don't have percentages to give you yet. We're not that far advanced in our model. But I think one of the things which is actually stunning, I used some comparisons of 2012 and what it might look like compared to 2007, I think the likelihood is that we will see total fee performance for Marriott International at or maybe modestly above 2007 levels. But what's happening under that grand total is a dramatic increase in the stability of that fee bucket. So if you look back at 2007, we'll have to go check the records to be sure, but I think it was like $369 million of incentive fees, which were majority in the United States, which obviously have a risk profile which is different from incentive fees outside the United States, and incentive fees have a risk profile which is meaningfully different from base and franchise fees. When we look at 2007, we'll see total fees for the company much higher -- not much higher, excuse me, but roughly the same level as 2007. We'll see the total incentive fee bucket lower in nominal dollars. Therefore, you've got more stability in the base and franchise fees and a much higher portion of the incentive fees that we do have being internationally driven, which are also lower risk. I think you can come up with some assumptions here which shouldn't put you too far off if you look at base -- rooms revenue growth and unit growth. You can make some assumptions about what's happening in the incentive fee line based on those 3% to 7% scenarios.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes, we're very early in the process of our conversations with our special corporate accounts. I think we can say with confidence rates will be up. I think among the things that are interesting, I had a look made at September occupancies, and I think, basically, what we're seeing is that for the Marriott Hotels & Resorts brand as an example, September occupancies in 2011 were essentially exactly the same as September occupancies in 2007. That's domestic, yes, not global. And I think you can see when you look at Smith Travel data and some of the other data which is out there in the marketplace, in many recent months, the U.S. lodging industry has seen record demand. What do we mean by that? We mean that our customers, for the industry as a whole, are buying more total rooms than they purchased in 2007. And I think that occupancy is one of the positive attributes of this round of negotiations with our special corporate accounts. Obviously, pricing will vary a little bit by market to market. And where occupancy is higher, we'll have a bit more leverage. To some extent, that will allow us to drive rates within the accounts, and at the same time, beyond that, it will allow us to yield some accounts where we're bringing in higher rated special corporate accounts and probably, in effect, yielding away some special corporate accounts which are not quite as strong. In terms of dynamic pricing, I think, generally, that is not material for us. I wouldn't pretend to be an expert in that. There are a number of different tools, obviously, that are used in special corporate negotiations that include such powerful things as last room availability and to what extent that's being provided to accounts. And that's probably a bigger factor in what we're doing now than dynamic pricing is.
Arne M. Sorenson: We haven't done budgets yet for 2012, but I don’t think I'm sticking my neck out too far to say that at least some of the largest portfolios of these few first hotels are not paying incentive fees in 2011, and we're not anticipating that they'll pay incentive fees in 2012.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, it's the ultimate question, obviously, Harry. I think when we look at the model we've laid out today with this obviously fairly broad range for REVPAR but how the earnings relate to that at $1.48 to $1.68 and you look at our stock, which is valued at less than $30 a share today, that strikes us as a pretty compelling valuation and not one that gives us enormous fear. I think if we sat here and thought there's a meaningful chance of a significant REVPAR decline, it might cause us to feel differently about it. But I think when you look at the absence of any supply growth in the United States, the group business on the books, the modest improvement in government rates, which will be a tailwind as opposed to a headwind as it has been this year, I think all of those things give us comfort that we are really still in an early stage of what should be a longer recovery. We're still a long way from per room rates that we had in 2007 for many business travelers. And as a consequence, net-net, we think it's a pretty good time to use the capacity that we have. We're not reaching beyond that to step out and return some capital to our shareholders and reduce our share count.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, yes, we'll increase that authorization when it's time to. The authorization itself, to some extent, gets a little bit more attention than it deserves because it's a disclosable event and it's a sort of specific matter. And so when that happens, we'll, of course, issue a press release. I think as we go forward, Carl's talked about this, we will be mindful of the risks that we sense out there. But generally, we'll use the capacity that we have either to invest in our business or, if we haven't done that, to return it to our shareholders. And I suspect we'll see that continue. Our expectation would be we will not buy as much in the fourth quarter as we bought in the third quarter. A bit of that is because we're a little bit more levered now at the end of the third quarter than we were at the end of the second quarter. But we'll continue to watch this over time, and we think even at GDP levels, which are roughly flat in the United States, we could be posting positive REVPAR growth and positive cash flow and enough cash flow that, probably, we'll have the ability to do some share repurchase activity even in that environment.
Arne M. Sorenson: I think we'll end up positive. But to be sure, our corporate customers read the same newspapers that we all read. And these are negotiated processes, so they will use the risk of slowdown in whatever way they can in order to do the best job they can negotiating rates for their folks. But again, when you look at the occupancy levels and you look at where rates are compared to where they were before, I think still, net-net, very high probability they'll end up.
Arne M. Sorenson: We will not publish what the commission rate is with Expedia. Our contract with them comes to term at the end of this year. We are in discussions with them about terms of a renewal. I think, generally, what we can tell you is that someplace between 2% and 3%, maybe about 3% of our total business comes from online travel providers including Expedia, but that would include the Pricelines and Orbitzes and Travelocitys and others. Expedia probably is in the 1%, 1.5% maybe range of our system. They will be more -- all the OTAs will be more significant in the hotels which are more leisure-dominated. Generally, it's not a huge part of our business anywhere.
Arne M. Sorenson: I don't know if I know enough to answer it exactly the way you've asked it, Ryan. But certainly, the way the pricing works in these negotiations is there are different rates of growth year-over-year by market. And so our negotiation with a big special corporate account will talk about how many dozens or hundreds of hotels we might put in the book for their employees. And the rates are going to vary significantly from hotel to hotel based on the strength in that market. And we end up then with an average of those things which we talk about as the increase in special corporate rates.
Arne M. Sorenson: So far, September has been consistent with our general thematic comment here, which is we're really not seeing a sign of weakness show up in our business yet.
Carl T. Berquist: Sure. This is Carl. I think when you look at our CapEx for next year, the levels of spend, I think we're looking at probably free cash flow or excess cash flow available for stock repurchase or opportunistic investment of about $500 million to $1 billion. I think if you -- we take into consideration investment activities in 2012 that probably will be up compared to the levels that we experienced in 2011. Some of that is already identified. Some of that hasn't been identified yet, but based on our historical trends, we would expect -- this year, we're saying $500 million to $600 million. Next year, that number may be higher, moderately higher, leaving us, like I said, $500 million to $1 billion of discretionary cash, so to speak, that would be available for share repurchase or opportunistic investment, which may include the acquisition of a hotel or a repositioning for investments in a small acquisition of several hotels or something like that. Nothing on the table right now, but it's in there a bit.
Carl T. Berquist: Sure. Well, as we said before, we'll keep our debt levels at a 3x coverage ratio. We obviously want to stay BBB. That keeps us in the commercial paper markets. We think that's an efficient debt structure. So we'll maintain that 3x, but with growing EBITDA, obviously, that gives us debt capacity that we can draw upon but, at the same time, maintaining that 3x. So I think you’d see a combination when I talk about that $500 million to $1 billion capacity being made up of, again, maintaining that 3x plus the excess cash.
Carl T. Berquist: Sure, this is Carl. I think as you step back and you look at the incentive fees from the select service brands, primarily the Courtyard brand, a lot of those incentive fees are computed on a pooled basis rather than a property-by-property basis. So you have some large portfolios that computation for incentive fees is done, like I said, on that pooled basis. So I think you should assume that it'll take a little while for those incentive fees to come back into the money. In addition, some of the bases were adjusted as a result of the Courtyard Refreshing Businesses, and therefore, the priority would be increased as a result of that. But probably, the bigger effect is the fact that they're pooled and large groups of them. So that's why as you look at the number of hotels paying incentive fees, you have to kind of adjust for these big pools because one portfolio can start paying, and that could represent 25, 50 hotels or more.
Carl T. Berquist: And meeting planners have told us that they expect to spend more in '12 than they're spending in '11.
