Leeny Oberg: Sean, I think you said it best in your question that it really is back to where we were in terms of the way the model fundamentally works. As I said in my statement, we are at the low-end of the 3x to 3.5x adjusted debt to EBITDAR at the end of Q2 and we have given you a model that keeps us squarely and comfortably in that range. And we obviously want to keep our flexibility both in terms of investment opportunities as well as taking advantage of excess available cash. So, I think you will continue to see us move forward with the exact same approach that we have taken for some time.
Leeny Oberg: Yes, it is. There is no doubt that the recovery has accelerated faster than we had originally anticipated. And I think it’s both in rate and occ in varying parts of the world. I think the cross-border has been obviously incredibly encouraging to see that topped Europe as an example, meaningfully faster than expected. But yes, I think it is stronger than our expectations both a quarter ago. And then frankly, a quarter ago was better than we expected a quarter before that.
Leeny Oberg: So Robin, I’ll add a couple of comments. I think the major theme we’ve got is in the quarter, for the quarter, in the year, for the year. In June, the benefit of that really got us to where group RevPAR was only down 1% in the month. So when we look at the rest of this year, from what’s on the books currently, we are seeing low single digits for the rest of the year in terms of group revenue, while next year, we’re still kind of in the 15% down, but I think you need to continue to think about this booking pattern, which is much closer to the actual event that has been filling in really nicely. So it’s not that different for ‘23 versus a quarter ago except from what we’re seeing in the quarter for the quarter, and even in the back half of ‘22, we’re seeing some really great fill-in business that has got us pretty close to ‘19 levels where we could end up actually exceeding ‘19 levels in the back half of this year.
Leeny Oberg: Yes, that’s total – that is definitely total group revenue. Again, it’s obviously where we are seeing it fill in. It’s not just rate. It’s also occ as we fill in the business. But you’re right, the rate on group has been performing incredibly well.
Leeny Oberg: So one other comment, Smedes and that is that – to remember that we’re comparing to ‘19. So that on inflation adjusted numbers, rate has not kept up with kind of real rates. So in that regard, I think while it’s fabulous and we’re thrilled to see the consumers love travel and don’t want to put it off, the reality is that there is inflation and that we are pricing these rooms on a very frequent basis and that, on a real rate basis, they are not back to 2019 levels.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. Yes. We are seeing – continuing to see hourly wages go up. And when I look at it compared to ‘19, the reality is, overall, and this comment is actually regarding U.S. and Canada, that it has kept up with inflation, if not just a teeny bit higher than that. It has slowed. The pace of increase has slowed. And one of the things that I think is interesting is to look at the positions that we’re trying to fill if, for example, normal staffing levels were that we were trying to fill the final 95% to 100% of the positions we needed at the hotel level. Right now, we’re at 93%. So it’s definitely improved. It is not back to where we were in ‘19 in terms of the labor shortage, but we’re definitely seeing steady improvement, and the wage increases have slowed. Outside the U.S., it’s much more varied. It really depends on the particular market. And I would say Europe probably has seen some more similarities to the U.S., while in Asia Pacific, for example, there is really been far less of the kind of pressures that we’ve seen in the U.S.
Leeny Oberg: So a couple of things. One of the easiest ways to think about luxury is that rate has continued to stay very strong. But what we’ve also seen is that the markets that were previously weaker, like a New York or San Francisco, the luxury hotels in those markets are now filling in. They, on average, are not necessarily quite as high as in some of the resort markets. So it actually makes it look, on a blended basis, like the gains in ADR and luxury are not as strong, while the reality is just the opposite, that they continue to be quite strong. I think one of the most encouraging things to see is that the overall luxury portfolio is continuing to gain in both occ and rate. And then as Tony was talking about earlier, I think it’s also particularly encouraging to see the premium market, the Marriotts, the Sheratons, the Renaissances in kind of all markets really recovering now more in the second quarter meaningfully than they were in the first quarter. So we really don’t expect that we are depending on continued additional ADR gains in luxury through the rest of this year, but we do continue to see really strong demand. So I think it is tide-floats-all-boats view of what we’re seeing, which is demand across all segments continuing to strengthen.
Leeny Oberg: Yes. Sure. Comparing to ‘21, it’s $25 million to $30 million per point of RevPAR in ‘22 versus ‘21. We are not in a position yet to talk about ‘23, all of that budgeting work. But I would expect it to continue to be somewhat similar. It varies, as you know, depending on what part of the world the improvements happen. It’s obviously more per point of RevPAR compared to ‘19. You get into the weeds on differences in comp sets, etcetera. But it is probably closer to $40 million per point if you are comparing a point of RevPAR in ‘22 to a point of RevPAR in ‘19.
Leeny Oberg: And just one other interesting stat that I think is helpful is that length of stay for – up almost 25% compared to 2019, as is the average size for new bookings. So, again, I think this all continues to emphasize that associations, companies, organizations are wanting to get their people together.
Leeny Oberg: We are always looking, but the numbers that I gave do not assume any additional asset sales this year.
Leeny Oberg: And I think to your question about revenue management strategy, as we think about going forward, it has been very encouraging to see the strength of group and the strength of group rate. So, as we think about all the possible outcomes for the economy over the next couple of years, that strength in group is quite encouraging. And then obviously, on the transient side, the booking window there is about three weeks. So, that tends to – which is, frankly, back to about where it was in ‘19, and that will vary with customers’ needs and wants as we see things unfold.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. So, let’s talk super high level at first, which is that if pre-pandemic, we were in the, call it, 18% to 19% sort of cross-border travel around the world that, that number fell and was down in the – a little bit north of 10% and then has clearly moved back up several hundred basis points, particularly as we got into Q2. But we are not back to the same level of cross-border travel. Obviously, particularly with Asia Pacific and Greater China still being very much domestic travel based. The thing I did find interesting in Q2 in the U.S. was that we were pretty close to being back to the number of international – the percentage of international nights. We were pre-pandemic at 5%. And in Q2, we were at 4% coming from cross-border travel. I think the biggest shift that you saw was obviously partly a function of opening kind of more comfort travel and then the strong dollar. And that had a massive impact on Europe in the summer, and you saw a very large influx of U.S. travelers coming into Europe, which helped their RevPAR tremendously.
Leeny Oberg: Well, again, as we talked about before, you have got the short booking window on transient, but you have also got holiday bookings when you look at December, when you look at Thanksgiving, Columbus Day as well as Labor Day. And I think across all of those, we continue to be reminded that people are not willing to give up travel and that you are seeing it in the strong rate and strong early bookings for those periods. And they are obviously overwhelmingly leisure bookings and group also continuing to fill in very nicely. So, I think we – when we look at what’s on the books, as we move into either even September and October, while you are right that the percentage that is on the books is still relatively low on the transient side. The pace of those bookings is very encouraging.
Leeny Oberg: I would have to – I can get Jackie and Betsy to get back to you on the specifics for December ‘22 versus December ‘21. I think again, the overall comment that I will make is that we continue to see really strong bookings for the end of the year. One of the things that I talked about in luxury is the reality that as you see some of the other luxury markets start to fill in that aren’t necessarily as high ADR as some of the resorts that starts to muddy the waters a little bit, but that’s a good issue. Remember that right now, the percentage that is on our books for that period is probably under 5%. So, it’s really quite small and making big sweeping statements with that small amount on the books probably doesn’t make sense. But when we think about the pace for the holiday periods, we continue to be really encouraged.
Leeny Oberg: So, I will just give you one comment. I think the shift won’t be a massive shift. I think there is still going to be a lot of social group events going into the fall as well. When we look at what’s on the books, it was only down 1% right now from Q3. And here we are barely into Q3. So, I think we – as we said before, we have got the possibility that actually group ends up higher than 2019 relative to Q2 when it was still down a little bit. So, we are seeing great demand on the part of corporate customers for getting their people together. And I think you are going to continue to see the social events as well. So, I wouldn’t necessarily a huge swing based on your comment that it is more a business-oriented quarter. The only other thing I will point out is that August is typically a seasonally cleaver [ph] months for us in group just because of the realities of family vacations and people not being in school. So, I think August, you should expect what we have always seen, which is a relatively seasonally more light period on the group side.
Tony Capuano: Thanks, Sean. The short answer is not really. The already robust leisure demand that we have seen in the last couple of quarters, continue to improve. Leisure room nights were up 14% to 2019 in the quarter and they were only up 11% in the first quarter. So, we continue to see acceleration and we continue to see more and more of this blended trip purpose. In my remarks, I talked a little bit about day-of-the-week patterns. And so I think that’s quite encouraging to us as well. And then, finally, we have not talked a lot about international cross-border travel. While we are seeing improvement, we are not back to where we were pre-pandemic and we think that represents some upside on the leisure segment as well. And then the last thing I would say is all of those are comments about demand levels. We continue to see really encouraging pricing power on the leisure side as well. It’s a little early to talk about the winter holidays. But as we look at Labor Day, for instance, we continue to see double-digit increases in ADR relative to where we were pre-pandemic.
Tony Capuano: Of course. So as you know, for business transient, we rolled over special corporate rates since the beginning of the pandemic. We’re just now starting the negotiation process for 2023. And so again, it’s early, but we can certainly imagine those rates being up high single digits year-over-year in 2023.
Tony Capuano: I think, much more the latter. Now I was quite thrilled with our conversion volume both on signings and openings in the second quarter. It is a competitive market for conversions. I’m quite pleased that we had more conversion openings than any of our peers in the quarter, and we will continue to try to do smart conversions, which means we will use the same capital discipline you’ve come to know us for even pre pandemic. I think to really see acceleration, and this is an industry comment as much as a Marriott comment, particularly in the U.S., you have seen a slowing in construction starts. Just over the last quarter, we have seen that start to tick up, although not to levels we saw in 2019. But I think we will do our best to continue to drive conversion volume and do everything we can to get shovels in the ground. You may know that I had the privilege to spend a little time with the administration last week, and one of the things that we spoke to the administration about was seeking assistance to resolve some of the supply chain issues that continue to slow some of the construction starts.
Tony Capuano: And then maybe just to put a fine point on your question, Joe, our confidence in our ability to get back to that mid-single-digit net unit growth, there is a couple of things in the release. The fact that we had quarter-over-quarter growth in the pipeline, the fact that we continue to have more than 200,000 rooms globally under construction and that we continue to see accelerated volume in both signings and openings on the conversion front combined to strengthen that confidence.
Tony Capuano: Well, there is no question that the rapid improvement in occupancies in the shoulder days has been maybe a bit of a surprising but encouraging development. When we think about business transient demand, the small and medium-sized businesses, they are back. They are back above 2019 levels of volume. As you point out, the bigger corporate customers, they are not quite back yet. But even there, we continue to see steady improvement, albeit not necessarily as rapid as we might like.
Tony Capuano: Sure. So maybe I can give you a couple of statistics, and Leeny may provide some color as well. When we look at bookings for ‘23 during 2022, we are down about 2% in revenue versus where we would have been for the bookings in 2019. But interestingly, ADR is up 16%. So we continue to see that strong pricing power. And we’re even more optimistic, Robin, as you heard in our prepared remarks, because of the shorter booking window in group, even through the back half of this year and most certainly into ‘23, we expect those numbers to continue to improve as we see more and more short-term bookings.
Tony Capuano: I continue to be quite bullish, Robin, on the trajectory of conversions for a few reasons. Number one, unlike some conventional downturns we’ve experienced in the past, where early in the downturn, you saw a lot of distress, the impact to our business was so severe that you saw the lenders being much more creative than accommodating with owners. So you didn’t necessarily see a flood of distressed assets changing hands in the market. As demand and performance have recovered, there is the potential that there may be more assets in play, number one. Number two, the portfolio of conversion-friendly brands we have, particularly our soft brands, Tribute, Autograph and Luxury Collection is more robust than we’ve ever armed our transactors in any other recessionary environment. And I combine those two factors, and it drives my bullishness about that trajectory.
Tony Capuano: Well, as Leeny mentioned in response to an earlier question, we do believe the recovery will continue to be driven by both occupancy and rate. You also heard her refer a bit to some of the murkiness beyond the end of the year. But we do expect both occupancy and rate continue to improve through the end of ‘22. And we continue to be pleased with the pace of rate recovery through the first half of this year.
Tony Capuano: Well, what I can tell you, some of this may be a little more anecdotal, but the early days of the recovery were clearly dominated by leisure destinations, trailed significantly by what we saw in the urban core. In many of the major urban markets across the country and across the world, we continue to see a reasonably steady and encouraging improvement in terms of both occupancy and rate. And we hear anecdotally from our corporate clients. We’re seeing more and more return to the office, which is driving business demand. And when we look at some of the big major markets that I think are decent indicators for us, you look at New York, for instance, that had an 86% occupancy in the quarter. You look at San Francisco, 78%; Washington, D.C., 76%; Los Angeles, 80%. You are seeing steady volumes of demand recovering in many of those markets that were trailing the leisure destinations.
Tony Capuano: And I think just to give some context to that, we still saw in the second quarter in the U.S. and Canada, luxury rate up 23% in the quarter versus ‘19. So lots of questions around how much runway we have for luxury but another really solid quarter in terms of the luxury pricing.
Tony Capuano: Yes. So maybe I’ll try. SMEs represent now about 60% to 65% of our business transient demand, which is a bit higher than what we experienced pre pandemic. The bigger corporate clients continue to steadily improve. And over time, we expect to get maybe not all the way back but closer to where we were in terms of the mix of SMEs versus large corporate clients. But right now, it’s in the 60% to 65% range that is the category I think you’re talking about.
Tony Capuano: Sure. Again, this will maybe be a bit anecdotal. We just held an event called The Exchange, which was where we hosted about 500 corporate and association meeting planners. In general sessions and in some smaller executive forums, we had a chance to talk to them and essentially ask the question you just asked. And I would say the two themes I heard most notably. Number one, they gave us high marks for our flexibility on issues like attrition during the pandemic. And I think they are hopeful we would continue to show that level of flexibility into perpetuity, which, as demand improves, we are tightening up a bit. And they understand that intellectually. They are just wishing for the good old days where they had maximum flexibility. The other theme we heard loud and clear is an increasing focus on the company’s efforts around all things ESG and an increasing number of our – both corporate and association booking contracts. They are asking for not only our publicly stated goals, but for reports on our progress against those goals.
Tony Capuano: And then one fine point that I forgot about from some of the conversations at The Exchange, they asked us from a technology perspective to do everything we can to make it easier for them to tack on a couple of leisure days to their reservation pre or post meeting, which was just another confirmation that this idea of blended trip purpose will likely endure well beyond the end of the pandemic.
Tony Capuano: So, there is a couple of questions embedded there. I think our deal volume and our openings are off peak, but they are steadily recovering. The vast majority of our operating hotels and the vast majority of the projects in our pipeline are domestically owned. And so those domestic entities continue to benefit from the Central Government encouraging domestic travel across China. And many of those hotels are benefiting from increased volumes of domestic travel, albeit some pauses when certain markets go into lockdown. And so our expectation is a steady improvement, but we have not embedded in our guidance any sort of wholesale lifting of zero COVID policy that we have seen over the last couple of quarters.
Tony Capuano: I would say it’s very much a work in progress, but we are really encouraged by the metrics that we monitor through guest satisfaction surveys and particularly the intent-to-return numbers. We are not quite back to where we were pre-pandemic, but we have made meaningful and steady progress on those metrics. As you may recall from some prior earnings calls, in the depths of the pandemic, we suspended some of those quality metrics. Those are all back in place now, brand, standard, audits, guest surveys. And the teams – we just went through our quarterly business reviews. All of our teams around the world are keenly focused on driving intent to return. And we are pretty encouraged. And I think it’s reflected in the manner in which our most loyal Bonvoy customers continue to engage. Our top tier within Bonvoy, the ambassador tier, has remained very active. 96% of our ambassadors had at least one stay or points transaction in ‘21, they averaged about 100 nights, and we see those metrics improving as well. We have rolled out our new housekeeping protocols, and the early returns from our guests is they like the certainty that, that offers.
Tony Capuano: So, maybe I will go in reverse order, pre-pandemic, looking at a year like ‘19, we have seen steady reduction in the percentage of total room nights that came out of the OTAs. During the first 2 years with pandemic, as you might expect, we saw OTA volume rise, but direct bookings rose more rapidly. And I think it’s reasonable to expect in the coming quarters that we would start to get back to the trend line we saw pre-pandemic of the total volume of OTA contribution moderating. I think your first question was really more around mix by segment. Back in ‘19 in round numbers, about 40% of our business was leisure. 37% was business transient. 20% was group and 4% was contract. In the second quarter, business transient had risen to about 32%. Leisure transient was 43%. Group was 21%, and contract was pretty steady at 4%. But remember, the Leisure segment was already our most rapidly growing segment even in 2019 before the pandemic did. And we continue to see – expect to see leisure to grow rapidly. And as I have said in some previous calls, this blending of trip purpose may make it that much tougher for us to tell you with absolute precision what that mix looks like.
Tony Capuano: And I might just add on that, Dori, it was just towards the tail end of the quarter where you saw the U.S. government rolled back the inbound international testing requirement, and we think that’s going to be another accelerant for cross-border travel. In fact, right after that policy change was announced, the USTA came out and estimated that they thought that would drive 5.4 million incremental visitors to the U.S. in the back half of the year with about $9 billion of spend.
Tony Capuano: On the signings side, we have seen a bit of a slowing in select service here in the U.S., but some of that may be because of the high volume of conversions are disproportionately full service. What I can tell you is in terms of monthly approval volumes coming out of our development committees, we are seeing exactly what we would have expected, which is our large multi-unit long-term developers and owners of select-service hotels gearing their development organizations back up, and that’s driving the sort of approval volume we have seen through the first half of the year.
Tony Capuano: Well, thank you all for joining us. It’s a compelling and exciting story about the resiliency of travel and the resilience of Marriott’s business model. We look forward to seeing you all on the road soon, and thanks again for your interest.
