Stephen Pettibone: Thank you, Sylvia, and thanks to all of you for dialing into Starwood's third quarter 2014 earnings call. Joining me today is Frits van Paasschen, our CEO and President; and Thomas Mangas, our CFO and Executive Vice President. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that our discussions during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements and forward-looking statements made today are effective only as of today. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in Starwood's Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other SEC filings. You can find a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in today's call on our website at www.starwoodhotels.com. With that, I am pleased to turn the call over to Frits for his comments.
Stephen Pettibone: Thank you, Tom. We'd now like to open up the call to your questions. In the interest of time and fairness, please limit yourself to one question at a time, then we'll take any follow-up questions as time permits. Sylvia, can we have the first question please.
Stephen Pettibone: Thanks, Tom. Thanks, Frits. I want to thank all of you for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. We appreciate your interest in Starwood Hotels & Resorts. If you have any other questions, feel free to reach out to us. Take care.
Frits van Paasschen: This is Frits, and I'll address your question regarding footprint growth. So you alluded to a number of factors that I also talked about in my prepared remarks. So I'll try to assess those in the context of whether I see those as being temporary or passing or something that either one change or we can deal with. So the first is the shift in the timeline and I would imagine that, first of all, even if the timeline stay longer, at some point we'll be in a steady stay, where we just have a slightly longer gestation period for properties. But I think in some cases, we may even see some of those timelines come back and slide. And of course, we're going to continue to focus on conversions, both in North America, which has been a catalyst for our growth, but also increasingly in markets like India, where in more difficult times many hotel vendors have realized and recognized the benefit of looking into a global system. In terms of the U.S. business, yes, I don't expect that we're going to see an increase in the average size of hotels. So clearly for us the key is to find new ways to accelerate our growth in the Specialty Select segment in North America and that's something that we're intend on doing. And then finally, I do think that in other markets around the world, we could see a pick up in growth momentum again, in terms of overall signings. So our sense is that across those three areas, as well as looking at other ways to expand the reach of our footprint and our pipeline for delivering high paying guest to great hotels, we're going to explore other avenues of growth as well. So I hope that gives you a little bit more color and background on what we're thinking about in terms of making sure that we get the net rooms level back to where we think is right for us. And I'm going to hand now Thomas, as you had asked him a question as well.
Frits van Paasschen: Yes, I think the other point is just that there is always going to be some puts and takes in our P&L and some of those flow-through SG&A. And Tom alluded to a few of those in his prepared remarks. For us, the main one we wanted to call out was our initiative around keyless check-in. But it's one among several that we're working on, and we'll give you a little bit more clarity around that when we close the year in terms of what some of the other factors might have been.
Frits van Paasschen: I might just add a couple of things to that. And obviously, I think Tom for four weeks in, has given a pretty comprehensive answer. I'd just throw a few other things into the mix as we look at Q4. In Europe in Q3 we did benefit a bit from the shift in Ramadan, which gave us a few more strong weeks in Q3 that we won't obviously see in Q4. Also Yom Kippur finding a place in Q4 in North America meant the business might be a little softer in terms of comparison there. And then I want to make sure that we're being not too negative in terms of what we're saying about group, because group was very strong in Q3. We've had good in the year, for the year bookings. Q4 is generally a slightly weaker quarter. And as we look into next year again, the momentum is still there. So this isn't a major change in trend, it's a bit of a reallocation of some of the revenue that we saw land in Q3 versus land in Q4. So I want to make sure that that's clear. I think it's also important to emphasize what Tom stated at the end and that is that we are seeing relative performance improvements against our hotels and their comp sets. So our RevPAR index numbers continue to show a positive trend, which in our industry at least is the way we talk about growing market share. And then I think as we look into next year, one of the things in addition to some of the group bookings that makes me feel comfortable is the fact that when we talk to our bigger corporate customers and ask them whether they're hiring and traveling more next year than this year, which is something we often do as we get to the fall, the answer again, as you look into 2015 is that their momentum for travel continues to be strong. So we think 4% to 6% is a good range today given all that's happening in the world. And as we said all along, in February, we will give you a bit more on what 2015 ends up looking like.
Frits van Paasschen: No. Ryan, this is Frits. I think the first is, we didn't actually say a couple of asset sales, we said we were working hard to have more news with you, so just to be totally clear. But the performance of our own hotels is continuing to be strong. And the trends that we're talking about here are much closer to deceleration than they are to less good performance. Meaning our hotels are still going to be up and performing well next year. And I think that reflects growing demand. I mean bear in mind, in China we had huge jump in occupancy within market. We continue to see strong outbound in Chinese travel as well. And so I know the momentum factors that lie behind secular growth and demands that Tom referred to in his assessment of deciding to come to Starwood I think are definitely playing out here. So no, that has not been a factor in terms of conversations that we're having around selling assets. And we'll give you more when we have it.
Frits van Paasschen: We've pulled over $1 billion out of the timeshare business in last four, five years as we've talked about, and we continue to believe that that's thanks to the very strong brands and the great team that we have in the business. They, in fact, have been so good that we've sold through a lot of the extra inventory that we had. And that I think more than anything lies behind the change of pace, so one of the things that we're looking at is finding balance sheet friendly-ways to make sure that we can secure inventory to maintain the business. I think that we've been very clear; I shouldn't say, I think, I know that we've been very clear about our sense that while we believe this is a great business for our guest and for our SPO owners, that we didn't want to have this be a major growth engine for us as a company, because we wanted to focus on being asset-light. And so the goal has not been to grow this business, and that isn't our goal today either, but our goal is to make sure that we have sufficient inventory to maintain the momentum that we have.
Frits van Paasschen: Yes. Robin, so this is Frits. I think the important thing to look at when you compare our fourth quarter to our full year outlook for 2015 is that in any one quarter, we're going to see numbers move around a fair amount. And even though this is a very big system with global reach, individual quarters do tend to move around just a bit. So in some respect, if Q3 was a bit higher than the trend line we're talking about and Q4 is a little bit lower than the trend line we're talking about, the basic level of growth, the fact that our hotels are broadly at high occupancies and we're seeing most of that growth in RevPAR now or increasingly through rate, I think is behind our feeling comfortable there. Clearly, the shift in some of the holidays is more of a temporary thing. The Macau ramp down clearly will be something that will come in the next year. But at the same time, we're seeing underlying transfer growth that make us feel comfortable at this stage for this kind of growth range. In terms of your second question around China, I don't know that that's a number we specifically release. But what I can tell you is that as we go through each of the proposals that our development team in Chain brings to us, and we review those every couple of weeks in direct conversion between our global feasibility and development team and our development teams on the ground around the world, and what we clearly see in -- I think there was a technical difficulty here. Excuse me. So what we're seeing is a tendency for those hotels to be slated, to open, five and sometimes six years from now as opposed to two or three years out in front. And that's more of the issue for us than bigger financial questions. I did allude of the fact that there were a very small number of developers that looked like they had financial difficulties. The reason I mention it is, because up until now we haven't seen any developers with that. So I wanted to highlight that, well, it's not a huge number, there is some of that taking place in the market today. So Stephen if there is more you want to add to that.
Frits van Paasschen: Yes, Joel, so I'll address your question with respect to Design Hotels, first. The arrangement the Design Hotels has today as a company with its member properties is not anywhere near as deep as the one we have with hotels that are part of our system. And so what we are looking at are ways to bring value from the capabilities that we have developed to those hotels. And of course, as we do that, we'll find ways to make sure that we get some of that value back. It's a bit early, because in spite of having begun the discussions to get at least partial share of this company earlier on, it hasn't been until only recently that we have been fully at liberty to have open discussions strategically with Design Hotels' management. And yet also have not yet had a chance to explore exactly how we might do this to negotiate with the current owners. So while I'd love to be a little bit more specific now, I think it'd be better for us to do our homework, and come back to you with some initial insights as to how the structure of that might work, once I have a better idea of how we might get started. What I think is attractive about this though is, if you go online, if you look at the hotels we're talking about, they're very intriguing properties. They are the kind of indigenous authentic properties that come actually with a different feel than either say, Le Méridien or W or Luxury Collection. So they're very additive to our mix of hotels, bringing us to new locations also. And I am absolutely sure based on our initial discussions, that we're going to find ways that work for Starwood and that are very beneficial for the owners of the properties. And so with that, I'll hand over to Tom, to add some comments on vacation ownership.
Thomas Mangas: Yes. So we are in the market in the fourth quarter. We continue to pursue a more programmatic approach to share repurchases. You can do the math. Basically we've guided $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion in total cash returned to shareholders and we are expecting to pay our regular and special dividend. You can get to about $500 million to $550 million of cash repurchases in the fourth quarter that we're going to make, which will largely consume, but not fully consume the full authorization the Board has given us. So we continue to make good pace and rate on the programmatic repurchase program.
Thomas Mangas: Sure. So the company has framed the range of 2.5x to 3x on rating agency basis. One, I think the company and I value are BBB rating on our debt at the company level. And so I think you'll see us try to be in the zone. I mean part of my philosophy on capital allocation is to be transparent on what our intensions are and execute on what we say we're going to execute. And so I think you'll see us try to be in that zone of 2.5x to 3x. And I can imagine with asset sales we might creep below it, with an intent to get into the zone. And again with potential acquisition opportunity, creep above it, we intend to get back into the zone. Clearly, I think as we went through the net rooms count, the discussion that Frits laid out there, we need to grow and part of my focus in coming to this company, and as Frits asked me, how do we help -- how do I help the company grow. And I think one way we help the company grow is leveraging the balance sheet to drive growth through acquisition or other more creative deal forms that allow us to sign up, in bigger scale owners to deals that create significant value for us and for them. And so I do think you'll see from me a posture of using the balance sheet to drive acquisitions. And I think the shape and the form of the name will -- I don't know enough yet to answer that question on who are the right targets for us, and clearly it seems to be a very active space and one that this company has had a terrific track record of executing against, starting with its origin, including Le Méridien deal. So stay tuned. On the Westin Dublin, yes, that was simply a very onerous lease of a hotel that we have terminated the lease and had a significant lease termination payment, and we flipped it to a management contract that we are very pleased with on a long-term basis. So it's nothing more than that.
Thomas Mangas: Now, that's really the primary one. Certainly, we are launching several initiatives under the SPG banner, mobile check-in is the big one to have the significant amount of expense with it, because not to get to technical on you, but this is something we are pushing out to both owned and managed hotels and generally we are pushing out devices into the buildings that we don't have a fee recovery mechanism in place right now, because we're really trying to prove and qualify the idea. So we're absorbing the expense in the quarter, this quarter and next quarter as we try to roll them out. And over time I think it serves both as an effective marketing expense to drive excitement and buzz in the hotels where our guest will value it, and overall drive greater occupancies we believe, and rate in these hotels. So that's really the main driver on this SG&A increase for the year.
Thomas Mangas: Felicia, you're challenging me on my first call with the three-parter. That's impressive. So let me try to tackle it. So let me start with the fourth quarter. Yes, we are seeing a deceleration given our geographic mix, but also in North America. So North America, as we called out was up 9% in RevPAR. We still think North America is strong in the mid-single digit, but we are seeing the group sales being weaker going into the quarter in North America, than what we saw in the first three quarters of the year, which is giving us a pause there. And part of that is, because we did see a shift in the citywides, out of the fourth into the third in markets where we have significant concentration of hotels like Boston, New Orleans, Dallas, San Diego and Seattle, so North America is a deceleration versus what we enjoyed in the third quarter, but also Latin America is a deceleration, largely because we have the World Cup in the part of the third quarter, we don't have that. And we know with the hurricane, we had in Cabos that we took couple of our properties out of the mix there, which were showing strong growth. So we don't have quite the same footprint in a strong growth region that we had for the bulk of this third quarter. And the last thing of real measure is in China we are seeing pressure on ADR. We're starting to lap the Sheraton Macau ramp. So I think there is enough, very tangible things that led us to believe that 3% to 5% range was the right range. Now, I didn't mention Europe, I do think that we had a strong base in Europe in the fourth quarter of 2013. And Russia continues to be weak for us. So I think we continue to feel like we're doing the right things and executing well and we're playing the hand we're dealt in terms of he geographic mix and this is a quarter where it's slightly weak. Relative to your point on 2015 in North America, we continue to think North America is the strong market next year and is likely going to be in the same zone as it has played out for 2014, so we don't expect a major deceleration or change in the North America trajectory. And I do think the one thing that we're cautious about is both the group activity going into the fourth quarter as well as group going into the years in the low-single digits, and that has given us some pause for; first, being more bullish, but frankly we think that the 4% to 6% RevPAR range for the total system is pretty attractive range. It's not far off of where we are this year, and where I think most people are externally. And so we feel like it's an aggressive one and we're seeing some share growth in there.
Thomas Mangas: Well, I think you covered it pretty completely though, Frits. I just want to reiterate that, excluding the one-timer that we had in the third quarter, I think the real phenomenon on the third quarter is we had a big non-recurring fee last year that's suppressing the total fee growth down to only 2.5%. If we exclude that one-timer, we're growing more like 7.3% in total fees. Incentive fees continue to grow and we are not seeing a different change or change introductory in incentive fees. We're still having a significant portion of our contracts outside of North America paying on a systemwide basis. About 70% of our managed hotels pay incentive fees and about 85% of our total incentive fee income comes outside from North America or outside the U.S. So I think we're not calling it all differently than we've done before. We're really just trying to reflect kind of the base period impacts in getting to that core fee growth measure that we described.
Thomas Mangas: You're right. I'm four weeks into the job. I have not even been down to Orlando yet to meet the team. So that's something I've got slated next week, when I am back in the United States. Clearly, we have a world-class vacation ownership business, one that we're very proud of, one that's built a lot of value overtime, very successfully building our properties in prime markets like Orlando and Hawaii and in Mexico. So this is something Frits has asked me to get into and look at, because it's clearly a very capital-intensive business. It needs capital to grow. It's lumpy capital. And right now as we're pursuing an asset-light strategy, we're not quite clear how to square the circle on pursuing a high capital in terms of business, as we move to asset-light. So that's something I'm going to be working on in the next several months, as I evaluate the business, and I'll be bringing forth to Frits and the board my own thoughts and stay tuned.
