Arne Sorenson: Yes, I think – Lenny can jump in here. I think the best place for you to refer in terms of the financial model is to what we shared with you at the investor relations meeting, and you can do some of your own calibration of that and make some assumptions and probably be fairly close. We don't have a model other than that one that we shared with you then. And I guess I would just say thematically that while March was a disappointing month in many respects, it is to us not a harbinger of a predictably different environment than the one that we have been going through the last few quarters. So, thematically today, I think we would say it's steady as she goes for the next few quarters. We continue to see that when adjust for hurricanes and strikes and holidays and the like that we are poking along broadly between -- broadly around 1.5% sort of RevPAR growth. We might have been a tenth or two shy of that in first quarter 2019. But there is some good news too. We talked about good April bookings for example in group, a very strong performance for us for the month. And so, while you should do whatever modeling you think is appropriate and make whatever forecast you think is appropriate, I think our caution to all of us would be let's just expect for now that we are going to keep going at sort of the pace we have been going over the last few quarters.
Arne Sorenson: Yes. I think there are a few different factors that are going into this. But it’s a perfectly fair question. And one of the things, I think, we start with here is geographic distribution. So if you look at Smith Travel industry wide numbers for Q1, you see a 4 point difference in RevPAR performance between the top 25 markets and all others. Top 25 markets in the U.S. according to Smith Travel were down roughly 1% -- one full percent in RevPAR. The other markets were up 3%. So you've got a 4 point difference in RevPAR performance between those markets. Obviously, that's industry as a whole. That's not Marriott's portfolio uniquely. And I think when you look at Marriott in its entirety compared to some others in the industry or when you look at some of the Starwood brands compared to some of the Marriott brands, I think you will find that we are much more concentrated in the top 25 markets, and that is inevitably part of this. When we look at Marriott brand's legacy versus Starwood brand's legacy, we can see a couple of other things that are happening. One is the strike carryover in Hawaii, particularly where our bookings are a little bit longer window. First quarter was continued -- they had some strike impact even though strikes were done that is disproportionately impacting the Starwood Hotels. I think the second would be around OTAs, and we called out in the prepared remarks that OTA business is down 4% for the combined portfolio in Q1. Interestingly, the Starwood Hotels were about 10 points more reliant on OTA's list than the Marriott Hotels were. And as we have gone to one reservation system and once our unified revenue management strategy, the shift if you will from reliance on those third party OTA is to international digital channels probably cost a little bit. We thought it's maybe few tens of a point for the portfolio as a whole. The impacts are is probably a bit more disproportionate on the Starwood Hotels. And there are some changes on other discounting. Starwood had some deeper discount packaging that Marriott did not have. That's probably had an impact in it. But you roll all those things together, those are probably the principle drivers of the difference in the averages beneath of course the portfolio as a whole you will individual stories with individual assets.
Arne Sorenson: Yes, I think the time is ripe for that. I mean we have got the combined loyalty program launched. It is in market and being marketed. We have got strong credit card sign ups. We have got strong share wallet growth. I think there is a lot we can look at now to be optimistic about the future. And I think it's time to deliver the revenue upside.
Arne Sorenson: Wouldn't that be nice? You obviously won't hear us be unbiased about the value of branding, we think we deliver extraordinary value to our owner and franchisee partners by plugging them into a system with a loyalty program and a very efficient reservation system that delivers substantial business to them at meaningfully, less cost, then would be the case otherwise, but I don't think you need to take our word for it, if you look at what's happening with the development pipeline. And we've talked about some of those statistics, but we're about 7% of the global industry today with, something like 20% of the hotels under construction heading towards our brand. So you can see investors, owners of real-estate, moving with their feet, because I think they see the strength of them. I think the other thing to remind everybody, and we don't want to get defensive sounding and we don't want to get too technical on RevPAR index. Our RevPAR index is a really important tool, particularly when you're looking at an individual hotel and how it's performing in its competitive set, but it is not the only measure that is out there to assess how portfolios are performing. In the wake of acquiring Starwood, we have found that many of our competitive sets include many of our own hotels, because there will be concentration, particularly in some of these urban markets, where we've got a significant number of full-service hotels. And so, we're measuring our performance against our own hotels, not exclusively, because we've got to have some others that are in there. And similarly, we are seeing to some extent, others who are competing in markets that we don't exist in. And so, if you think about the secondary, or some of the tertiary markets, our brands are not broadly distributed in those markets. And as a consequence, we don't have the impact maybe of newly ramping hotels in those markets, or of competition, maybe against some of the relatively weaker brands. All things put together, we are actually gratified in the midst of a massive integration, that in the midst of all of that, we still managed to take about 100 basis points index growth, both in the United States and globally in the first quarter of '19.
Arne Sorenson: I don't think the very modest. I think we calculated 0.8% decline in the pipeline from quarter and Q4 is a trend. We opened well in the first quarter. Always at the end of the year, we probably have a little bit more coming on the pipeline than we do it other times and typically Q1 will be the slowest signings quarter part of that is because you've got to go through a reauthorization of the franchise circulars in most states, all those things combined, led to that modest negative in Q1. And we don't think we're necessarily see that in the quarters ahead, but having said that, we've said now for least a couple of years that sort of steady state or organic growth, particularly in the United States, United States is flattish. We are I think continuing to take share, maybe even building a little bit momentum of momentum, but in the 9th or 10th year of recovery with cost increases in construction and labor and length of the construction cycle. Even though financing is high and the absolute returns are quite good. I don't expect we'll see a meaningful ramp up for example, in development in the U.S., I think instead will be sort of poking along at flat levels, substantial bit flat levels, and growth quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year is going to depend a lot more on what happens in the rest of the world.
Arne Sorenson: And I don't think we can give you the top 25 versus other markets, but with the information we've got here.
Arne Sorenson: Yes, there is, I mean I think is one thing we can be probably annually blamed for, I suppose. And that is we often keep our range of full two points. And so obviously we started the year one to three. We're still at one to 3 after the first quarter. And if we were actually comparably precise in each quarter as the year went along, we would narrow that range more and more, because the more quarters put in the book, the less likely, it is that you're either going to hit the bottom or the top end of that. And I think that could be said here too, but maybe they get to the opposite fundamental point, our internal, I guess, if you were to take it sort of single point RevPAR forecast is essentially right in the middle of that range.  And so, that tells you that basically when we're looking at trends in bookings and group bookings and year-over-year comparability issues. The most obvious in the fourth quarter, of course being the strikes, which we've had to struggle through in the fourth quarter 2018, but hopefully will not be in the fourth quarter of 2019. All of those things get us to a place where we think it is sort of the midpoint of that one to three years about the best prediction that we can make. It does suggest that in part, because of comparability issues and because of bookings maybe were a bit better in the second, in last two quarters than in the first two quarters, but not a dramatically different scenario. And it's not are sitting here saying we're going to have a different kind of economic environment and we have to today.
Arne Sorenson: I think it's actually both. But there, and I sense there the same issue, we have heard from a number of our franchisees that they want to expand in secondary into some even tertiary markets where a Fairfield or a place at either 90 rooms instead of at 125, 130 rooms is the better positioning for those markets and while we've had, we've had the ability of course to shrink the number of rooms in the hotel. If you're not shrinking the public space in a way that's commensurate with that you're probably putting a product that's a little bit over built in that market. And so we want to do something with those partners who want to grow in those markets to make sure that we've got something, which is true to the brand, but cost effective for them and competitive with competing product that might be there, and obviously you can see we've got a lot of different companies that participate in the select service space, particularly. And if you look at the tertiary markets, you'll see that we are probably less distributed there than many other companies in the United States.
Arne Sorenson: I mean that's, that obviously we are now, I don't even know what round of new contract is with Expedia, but we've been renegotiated contracts for nearly 20 years I suppose I that and there is a similarity to some extent with each of them, but I think on some level we continue to look for cost effectiveness. We look for data transfer ability, the ability to understand who the customer is and have the systems understand the customer is. We look at inventory control, which is can we yield our inventory, can we make sure we're pricing our inventory on our own platform in a way that doesn't necessarily have to be offered up in every other platform. And those things were on the table here too and of course you would expect Expedia or another OTA to one-off in the opposite of what we want certainly, as it relates to the level of the commission. That's probably the clearest to see, but I think we are grateful for where we got with Expedia, we do think it will deliver economic benefits to our owners. We also think we are we don't have much to say about this today. You'll have to stay tuned, but we do have an idea with them with Expedia, that we think is attractive to both of us maybe a incremental place for them to make some economics in our space, but also space in which they can actually deliver more cost effective solution to us than some of the solutions that are available to us today. And so we're pleased with the outcome that we've got and look forward to seeing what we can accomplish with it.
Arne Sorenson: Well times going to tell. I mean I, we're taking a different strategy obviously then number have , we are not, we want to, we know that what we offer in this space. Our brand must stand behind that nobody is going to excuse us from a bad experience a home and villa rental kind of experience. You're not going to blame the host, they're going to say Marriott you put me in a product that was not cleaner or something else, happened in that space. And so that's one thing that we'll make we'll have an impact on the size of business long term. The second thing we're doing is we're really looking at the whole home market, we're not looking at a studio apartment we're not looking at extra bedrooms, we're looking at something which is meaningfully different from a traditional hotel room for obvious reasons. We think it makes them more complementary to the hotel space that we're in, we also think yet it helps skill on a gap if you will. One of the gaps that arguably we've had is that win larger families whether that's a single nuclear family or an extended family are traveling together hotels are not necessarily always the easiest place to because there may not be places for them together. Outside of the public spaces of the hotel and the more we can do something that solves both of those, the better off. We think we are I think though even define that way. It is a big market and a market that we can grow in; we obviously don't expect that there will be a material financial impact in 2019. We wouldn't tell you to build anything in this model till we get smarter about it in the years ahead. But we're really excited about it and we are really eager to learn what we can learn in this space.
Arne Sorenson: It's a good question. Good question, for lots of reasons, I mean I think the full service hotels have got it they very meaningful advantage. They've got function space they've got presence that a typical select service hotel can offer often food and beverage range that select service hotel can offer, and they can continue to be I think quite competitive, particularly in the right kinds of markets. I think at the same time you see select brands and we've got a number of these I think about Moxy and AC and Aloft and Element just to name a few. That come right to mind that are interesting, they can be lively they can be with energized by bar space or lobby space or maybe even flex Food & Beverage space and if they're in urban locations they give a better alternative I think in some respects, then the relatively lower rated hotels that might have been in the same market in a past generation. If they existed there in the first place. And so, we'll watch this altogether obviously one reason these brands are growing so well as I think our franchise partners see them and say, this is a pretty, pretty interesting new mouse trap and we want to be part of experimenting to see how this works. I think ultimately all these hotels can be successful and if they're positioned right and if there truly their brands. I think some of the newer select brands have the ability to punch above their weight in terms of rate per square footage, which I think will make them stronger over time. And ultimately where the growth settles is going to depend a little bit on that return and that return is both about current cash return for development costs, but it's also about capital preservation and what assets are going to hold their value the longest and that's still often going to be urban main and main kinds of locations that may deliver a little less percentage cash flow return but are going to hold their value extraordinarily well.
Arne Sorenson: I mean I think we have seen, probably some of this the last few quarters. We certainly in the Marriott -- Legacy Marriott portfolio even before the integration of the reservations platforms, we have started to do some yielding of our inventory off of third-party sites when we predicted we didn't need that business. And so I suspect as we get further into the year, we will see some lapping of what we did in the past. I think what is accelerated, probably a bit is with going to one reservations platform is we brought the Starwood Hotels in sort of one fell swoop onto a little bit more aggressive approach that way and so we think we'll probably see some impact of that, we're going to watch this. I mean obviously we don't want to turn away business, if it's incremental to us. What we want to do, though, is make sure we're set up to maximize profitability of hotels and long-term and well you we've talked about this before. Well, RevPAR is the single measure, which is most available in the industry. It is not the measure, which is the most important, which is what kind of profits are you driving from the performance -- hotel as you compete for owner Capital. And as we've said before, we're quite compared to sacrifice a few tenths on the top line if it makes sense to drive enhanced profitability on the bottom line.
Arne Sorenson: Yes, I guess so. Yes, I don't know that we exactly. went back and tested the net unit growth number. And obviously, the 5.5% is net of deletions. We're not updating the deletions forecasts, but really simply looking at -- you look at the volume of rooms in that pipeline, and it looks about five years' worth of growth.
Arne Sorenson: They're curious, of course, they're deeply interested in where we're going with this, obviously 2000 homes and villas is a substantial increase from what we were doing last year. But it is not a significant number by itself when you compare it to the either the size of the hotel system we have today, or even the number of hotels we open every week. And so, it's less a question really about what are we doing today, than what might we be doing in the future? And I think as we go forward, we're going to make sure we're communicating with them and taking on board their interest, I think our owners are not monolithic. So it would be wrong to say that every one of them has exactly the same point of view. I do think there are many of them that acknowledge that this is a rational step for us to take. And if they were in our shoes, they'd be doing exactly the same thing. I think broadly, they appreciate the value of the loyalty program and know that this can enhance the loyalty program, which is to benefit not just of the homes and villas of business, but it's also to the benefit of the hotel business. And I think owners generally have a point of view, which is they'd like to grow with us, but maybe have nobody else grow with us, so that they can make sure that they capture as much of our customer base as they possibly can. I think they understand philosophically that that's not a world that they can necessarily have. But you put all that through the grinder and I think we've got a, very constructive set of conversations with our owners and I'm sure we'll be able to navigate this too with them well.
Arne Sorenson: I think it's certainly at least steady, if not up a bit. Yes, I think the demand both for new build and for conversions is comparable. I think the feedback we're getting from our owners is very positive. I think they're have been questions already, obviously, about margin, which we've talked about, I think there is not maybe not unanimous but broad recognition that we're delivering the incremental margin performance because of what we've built here. And I think there's broad understanding that the revenue lift should come behind it. And not only an absolute revenue lift, but a mix of revenue sources, which is more cost effective. And so, the level of conversations we're having with our current and prospective partners are very robust.
Arne Sorenson: Yes, it's a good question. The -- I think the limited services, partly geographic distribution, maybe a little bit for us, partly age of product, I suppose maybe for courtyard, which we're working on, but I don't see a dramatic difference in performance between the segments as the year goes on.
Arne Sorenson: Well, I'm not sure we actually know the answer. The second one, a couple of comments on absolute penetration of loyalty, and then maybe finish with what anywhere in. It was interesting to us that when we acquired Starwood and looked at the way the calculation was done for loyalty contribution of hotels, Starwood was seven or eight points higher than Marriott was, principally because the calculation was done differently. And we have synthesized those calculations now, so that they're the same. And actually, the loyalty contribution to the Starwood Hotels looks a whole lot more like what it does for the Marriott Hotels. And there's some arcane things in there about whether you count for example, a point in the eligible room that came in through an OTA channel but has a loyalty number attached to it, where maybe they can earn points from food and beverage, or you don't, and we don't so there are a bunch of things that go into their calculation. As we said, we're at about 50% of all of our rooms are coming from our loyalty programs. We think that number will grow. We are -- I think, in a very early inning, well, our customers were both Starwood and Marriott customers, I think we're pleased when we allowed linkage of the loyalty programs on the day of close to now have one single program means they don't have to go to two separate sites, if you will, to see what the options are in the other legacy portfolio. And that means the customers are just in the last few months now for the first time going on and looking at whatever destination they may be going to end seen a meaningfully broader selection to choose from than they did before. And it means that we are seeing folks who might have driven farther for that SPG hotel or driven farther for that Marriott Rewards hotel before now having options that are a little bit closer to them. And there'll be some in there'll be some trading sort of back and forth and in both directions, which I think net should drive share of wallet and maybe not disproportionately impact either one. We did put in our prepared remarks that redemption volume has gone up significantly. I think that is a powerful sign that people are seeing that the value of the choices that are available. And so, I tried to put an ending on it, but I would say it's very early in the game in terms of the revenue lift and the lift available from the bandwidth program. Okay, I guess the operator told us you were last. Thank you very much for being so patient with us. We obviously try and do these things in the morning for obvious reasons. We had our board meeting and shareholders meeting this morning and we're trying to fit an awful lot in the same day. And so, thanks for waiting until Friday afternoon. For us, we appreciate your interest in us. Congratulations, Laura. Once again, we'll have you for another few quarters here but…
Arne Sorenson: Happy Mother's Day, everybody, make sure you take your mothers or your spouses or whoever is mother-like to you to one of our hotels and celebrate. Have a good weekend.
Kathleen Oberg: The only thing I'll add David is -- and we did do a model that actually did assume a 5% decline in RevPAR as part of what we talked about at the security analyst meeting. And I'll point out a couple of things, one, we are obviously far less dependent on your classic North American incentive fees when you look at both our growth internationally as well as the credit card fees. And then second of all, I’ll talk that even in the great recession, we ended up with the lowest year being 3% growth in net rooms. And so, when you continue to see that sturdy strong rooms growth and a clearly less volatile franchise and management fee stream, I think it bodes well for really strong cash generation if we were looking at a recession.
Kathleen Oberg: For sure. That's part of G&A, and that's obviously when you end up with let's say a terminated hotel that is part of what happens. You end up not getting all of your reimbursed costs back. It is in the G&A line. It can be a little bit lumpy. It's a really small number. But then obviously as we have said this year for our G&A as part of the increase in the overall G&A that we forecast for the company, about $5 million of that is from bad debt. That's related to a few international hotel situations in Middle East, Africa, and Asia-Pacific. That's I think is the easiest way to describe is one-off situations. But as you might imagine, the bad debt number for the company overall is way immaterial.
Kathleen Oberg: Sure. Basically, we're up in the midpoint, about $100 million and it is a combination of little bit higher systems initiatives tool, which will actually be reimbursed over time from our owners, as well as, a loan for a particularly valuable management agreement. That's going to result in a meaningful property improvement program that will bring a hotel up to really fantastic brand standard for that brand.
Kathleen Oberg: So, couple of things, we basically have achieved in every year since we've acquired Starwood, 50 basis points of at least 50 basis points of margin improvement of apart from RevPAR and '17, '18. And it's our goal to do that again in '19 and quite frankly, Anthony, if our goal to do it again in '20. So I think whether it is from purchasing or from what we've seen in the loyalty program to productivity synergies to above property synergies through the PSF we've been thrilled with what we've been able to do and quite frankly with the hard work that the properties have put in to making that a reality. So we do continue to see the benefit. And I think you're seeing that come forth the incentive fees and in the process of the hotel.
Kathleen Oberg: The only additional add to that is that I would not expect it to the second part of your question, I would not expect to materially impact only profit.
Kathleen Oberg: Sure, absolutely. So let's first talk about percentage ownership on incentive fees. And in Q1, in '19, versus '18, it was up 300 basis points. So, 56% versus 53% a year ago, first quarter, so fits nicely with the discussion that we've been having, relative to margins, and also International Hotel growth. Relative to the full-year, last year '18 was up about a point over '17. It's too soon for us to kind of get into percentages for all of '19 but I think clearly the trend is moving in the right direction. So a couple things I mentioned on incentive fees in Q2, one of the things that's going on in Q2 and incentive fees is FX, we have expected that FX, albeit it's a little bit less bad than we expected a quarter ago, a quarter ago we said 15 to 20. Now we've got closer to 10. We do expect that FX impact negative FX impact, which clearly hits incentive fees to be largely in the first-half. So we are expecting a chunk of that to be in Q2. And then, you add on to that the reality that in Q1 we had a bunch of resorts that were getting this extra strong incentive fees, and then layer on top of it the renovations and Easter and that's where you get this overall change in the direction of the incentive fees in Q2.
Kathleen Oberg: It's consistent with what we talked about in the security analyst meeting, which obviously you'd expect higher room openings in 21 than you would expect in '19, but it is all consistent with this pipeline be it 478 or 475.
Kathleen Oberg: Yes, I wouldn't say anything. Kind of notable, happily, some of our biggest customers like the professional services, areas, things like that. They were good. They were up meaningfully. So, some of the areas that you would expect, so I don't think there any particular trends of the larger versus the smaller, but certainly, professional services and example was up very strong.
Kathleen Oberg: Well, they're actually that was group that we were talking about. That was group bookings, which obviously can cover a range everything from associations to government to corporations. And it was quite strong in the corporates. What I think one of the things that we were very pleased to see is that it was the surge was both in the year for the year as well as for all future periods, which was always very encouraging.
Kathleen Oberg: Yes, profit. That was profit sharing within a year ago, first quarter. So in that respect, we were talking about kind of year-over-year trend in G&A because obviously last year was weighted down by the $35 million. You could be talking about the profit sharing from our working capital changes.
Kathleen Oberg: Yes. And that is just a function of the fact that as you remember, we accrued for this supplemental benefit last year, but we actually paid it out in first quarter into our associate's accounts. And then second of all, we also moved up our profit-sharing timing from Q3 to Q1. So when you look at the working capital, use of cash in Q1 relative to normal, it looks particularly heavy, and that's because of about $200 million worth of timing differences in the cash flow.
Kathleen Oberg: Yes, so good question. And again, to your kind of to finish off the rest of your earlier question, otherwise, in terms of the overall flow of cash, it's really the same as we expressed in the first quarter, so no fundamental change, we obviously haven't assumed any asset sales. So it's pretty similar. Yes, I would say loyalty might be between $50 million and $100 million, negative use of cash this year as compared to more neutral where we were a quarter ago. But that's also offset by a little bit higher net income. So you put that all together with maybe ever so slightly higher debt borrowings, and we end up in exactly the same place. And all of those I would say are in the $60 million to $75 million, so really kind of fine-tuning more than being any fundamental change.
Kathleen Oberg: And in certain markets that are more RevPAR challenge, like Middle East for sample, we're very encouraged with some of the conversion activity we see going on there where the benefits of the strong revenue pipeline of our brands is viewed as very attractive, as well as the margin.
Anthony Powell: Hi happy Friday, everyone and Anthony well-wishes, well-wishes to you Laura thanks for your help and openness over the years. So that the house profit margin increase in North America on pretty modest RevPAR was positive in the quarter. I think you've targeted 50 basis points of hotel level margin growth from the merger are you believe that currently do you think that could lead to upside to your incentive fee growth projection of 6% to 10% over the next few years.
Anthony Powell: Got it. So I think in your, in the Investor Day, you said 6% to 10% of growth over the next few years. Is that still the target or there may be upside to that.
Anthony Powell: Got it. And just on the home rental business, this is more of an offering or amenity for core customer or do you think, this really scale to something that's meaningful in terms for over the next few years.
