Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: No more 6.30 AM's? Yes, so Arne or Carl, in terms of your guidance and Carl, you touched on or I guess, Arne, you touched on this in your prepared remarks. You said that in order to get your RevPAR guidance, you need some increasing rate. But I was just wondering if you could give us some more granularity behind your guidance in terms of occupancy and ADR growth that's comprising that.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay, that's helpful. And then Carl, you talked at the end of your prepared remarks about the CapEx spend and obviously some of that is obviously – you mentioned that in terms of investments over equity. If you look historically, obviously you spend more. So are there – Carl or Arne, I'm just wondering, as you're looking at the development landscape, which probably does – or it's just the investment landscape which probably does look very attractive. I'm just wondering when you think it's going to get more normalized or when more normalized investment could come to fruition.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay, great. And then just final question. On your incentive fees, do you guys have any sense when the owners who fall under the priority return formulas will be over their hurdles? Is it '11, is it '12, is it –
Arne Sorenson: Yes. The – I mean, we put the sort of month-by-month statistics for MHR and Ritz-Carlton in the prepared remarks so you get a sense of the way this thing seems to be building. We've now had really since December, I suppose, in the U.S. most brands reporting consistently and meaningfully higher occupancy. And with every month of that higher occupancy, we are seeing year-over-year reported rate in the books rate get closer and closer to breakeven. And so as we sit here today, looking at our period four and looking at April and the way it's going for Ritz-Carlton, we use the March numbers for Ritz-Carlton which are in our second quarter. We are still a little bit south of last year in terms of rate, but we are getting near the breakeven point. And as a consequence, that's why we expect that we will cross over that rate line reasonably soon. We can't obviously identify a date or a month, but it wouldn't be surprising for it to happen in the second quarter. I think the way we look at our full year guidance at plus 3% to 6%, we would estimate today that probably the full year rate is still down modestly from last year, but that occupancy is up sufficiently so that RevPAR as a whole is up into the 3% to 6% range.
Arne Sorenson: We don't – we can’t give you much. Obviously, it's done on a hotel-by-hotel basis. You see the statistics for how many hotels we had paid incentive fees in the first quarter. We got a lot of hotels that are still quite a way short of their owner's priority in the United States. And as a consequence, we are into 2011 or 2012 in many cases before we will see that move. This year, I think the incentive management fee growth that we anticipate is going to largely be from hotels that are paying incentive fees now and will grow and what we earn from them with strengthening RevPAR and has profits. And the international growth, including the unit growth that we've added outside the United States over the last number of years, the hotels that are not paying that are materially short of their owner's priority in the U.S. Again, that's going to be a little stickier and will be a little longer coming back, but ultimately, obviously we look forward to all of those rooms getting back to their fee contribution that they saw at the last peak.
Arne Sorenson: Maybe a little bit more than that. And your question about Ritz-Carlton can apply to a lot – really lots of brands. Obviously, we feel great about the way RevPAR is building over the course of our first quarter and what we are seeing going into the second quarter. The comparisons though are really easy. They are easiest for Ritz-Carlton and for every brand, even with RevPAR turning positive, we are a long way shy of where we were at peak in 2007. And probably our implied numbers on a full-year basis are down mid-to-high teens in RevPAR from peak times in 2007. Good news in that is it leaves us with a lot of growth potential, even beyond what we've built into our guidance. Bad news of that is that means there is still pressure on lots of hotels in our system and as a consequence, we are doing everything we can to maintain the cost-cutting and cost efficiencies that we put in place the last couple of years. Where we have higher occupancy in club floors, obviously that's going to have some impact on staffing in club lounges. But generically, we are not seeing return of cost buildup in our hotels yet.Bill Crow – Raymond James & Associates: Thank you, guys.
Arne Sorenson: We would – we would take that – the comp ought to be fairly ratable by quarter, because it's driven really by our expectations for payout.
Arne Sorenson: We don't have much in terms of guidance, but I would expect the opening of newly constructed hotels in 2011 will be lower, meaningfully lower in the U.S. than they were in 2010. The opening of total hotels into our system will still be – new hotels will still be robust in Asia. In the U.S., I think it will increasingly depend on conversion activity which in turn is significantly driven by transaction activity. So we will have to see how the transaction steps up. I think in this 2010, Carl talked about Autograph and the great response we've gotten from our partners to that. We'll see some good conversion activity this year and next year in that brand. Beyond that, I think a lot of it's going to depend on whether transaction pay steps up.David Loeb – Robert W. Baird: Great. Thank you very much.
Arne Sorenson: We are going to see group revenue up, I think, probably in the next couple of quarters and it will be kind of modest improvement in nights and a modest decline in rate. Now, that's anticipation, obviously. I want to see the way the groups ultimately come in and the size that they come in on. We are seeing booking pace step up. I think we will see better pricing as the year goes along for new group business as we regain both expected occupancy and confidence around that. Obviously, that's delayed gratification because it takes a while for group business to ultimately show up in rates.
Arne Sorenson: Yes, it's improvement in transient volumes. So you got the mix shift that's going on, as well as improvement in pricing.
Arne Sorenson: Well, I mean, I think obviously the more RevPAR moves and the more we get some pricing power back. That’s going to tend to start to relieve some of that pressure, but I think the pressure on the financial structure of a number of owned assets is fact of life that we are going to be with our partners wrestling with for foreseeable future. We've got a long way to go before a number of those deals are well, and so even if we moved our RevPAR expectations for the year by 4 or 5 points, we got a number of years still to work through it. I think we are talking with our owners, we are doing everything we can to make sure we prioritize the capital needs of the hotels and feel reasonably good about the most important pieces of that and feel like the portfolio is in a reasonably good shape, but it's – it will continue to be an area of significant focus.
Arne Sorenson: I want to quibble with one thing you said. I think the incentive fee point is important. We are – we will grow incentive fees with the unit growth and with the growth in RevPAR and with the growth in profits of the hotels that are already contributing incentive fees and there will be good leverage in that fee growth. But the only caution we are talking about there is the – a number of the hotels that are not paying incentive fees, it's going to be a while before some of those pay.
Arne Sorenson: And then Steve, on the recurring question, I – the way you framed it is a pretty broad question. I mean, return on invested capital is a very primary measure for us. We would look at that much more than we would look at return on equity, in part just because of our share repurchase activity makes that equity – book equity look a little smaller than – and as a consequence, makes the returns unfairly high. So we focus on return on invested capital. There is not much to report at the moment. It remains hugely important to us. But lodging business obviously has been hit, but its returns are quite a bit higher than the timeshare business. Timeshare returns have been absolutely walloped. They are clearly not acceptable where they are today. At the same time, we have essentially turned off new investing in that business sometime ago with a view that what we ought to be doing is maximizing cash flow out of that business and right-sizing it both in terms of the cost structure and the capital structure. That's not something that's done overnight although the team down there has done a spectacular job at managing sales and marketing costs and dealing with the incentives and dealing with pricing so that we are getting closing percentages back up as Carl has talked about. And so we now sit here in a position where we are optimistic we will see that cash flow continue to build and as it builds, we will undoubtedly get better returns out of that business, but we will also then think a little bit more about, okay, what does that mean for us a few years down the road. We've got a lot of time available in the sense that we have plenty of inventory. So it's not as if we look down and see that we've got a decision to make in Q3 or Q4 about investing more capital. We think we've got most of the inventory we need for the next few years.
Arne Sorenson: Yes. The – this is still very much open question. In fact, we were doing internal town hall the other day and were asked by one of our executives about health care and the impact of the new legislation on us. And I think I and a number of my fellow leaders were almost speechless because there is still so much we don't know. I think the – there are a few categories that we're focused on. One is the uninsured associates that we have and by and large, you should think of those people as being the invincible young, 25-year old associates who really don't have any health issues and they probably choose to save the employee portion of those expenses and go uncovered as opposed to be covered. This bill eventually will require those folks to have insurance, either that they sign under our program or they'll have to go get it from someplace else. And we don't think the cost of that will be terribly significant. Spread across the system, it's tens of millions of dollars, not hundreds of millions of dollars. And the impact on margins in the year it happens, it could be that it's measurable, but we don't think it has a substantial impact to the profitability of hotels over the long term. Beyond that, the questions that we've got and ultimately it's what the government is going to have to be focused on in terms of the regulatory work that needs to be done in order to implement this is around automatic enrollment and how that works. So we make sure that we are not being required to provide coverage to associates who may be getting coverage through spouse's plans and other employers or vice versa. And we are going to have to look really carefully to make sure that the way that the exchanges are set up, it's not enticing our healthiest associates to go off and get cheaper coverage from someplace else, leaving us with a higher cost associate base. I don't think those are issues, which are in any way, unique to Marriott. But they are issues that are really very, very important in terms of how the program works and we are trying to communicate with the government to make sure that they understand that for all of the shortcomings in health insurance we've had in United States over the years, the bright spot is still employer-provided coverage and we've got to make sure we build on the power and success of that coverage as opposed to throw it out and make it less strong, because if we do that, the program is going to be worse. Lastly, all of us, I think, are going to be interested to see whether or not this legislation changes the curve of health care cost growth. That's really about incentives to doctors, it's about reimbursement policies, it's about all of those sorts of things. We are hopeful, but I think remain to be comforted I suppose that we will see costs come down or at least the rate of growth come down.
Arne Sorenson: And I think if you look at the way we've restructured these hotels in the last few years, we are more efficient in terms of total hours worked per occupied room. We are more efficient in terms of management compensation per occupied room. I think we ought to be able to maintain the hours per occupied room ratios that we've already set up. So when we talk about adding hours to our existing workforce or adding associates in some hotels, that's going to be driven with occupancy and it should not really be a significant cost creep [ph], I think it will be very consistent with the revenue growth in the hotel. At the same time, I think the management efficiencies that we've put in place should be very lasting. And so we shouldn’t generally see much manager growth as occupancy comes along.
Arne Sorenson: Order of magnitude, obviously we are doing the best we can on a judgment basis. We are not changing quarter to quarter the budget of every hotel across the system.
Arne Sorenson: That's going to be interesting. I think what we've got going on in transient is fascinating. We talked in the prepared remarks about how corporate travelers were substantially up in terms of volume. The special corporate accounts and those are the negotiations we always talk about every fall with you, basically for most of those travelers, they have got pricing that was put in place last fall. And there is not a lot we can do about that pricing until we get to next year. So we will continue to suffer, if you will, even though volume is up significantly from rates which were, net on average, down a few points low-single digits versus the prior special corporate negotiations. Group has a somewhat different dynamic in place that bookings we will put in place now for group business this year, the short-term stuff, we will be increasingly experimenting with moving those rates up from what we would have quoted a year ago. At the same time, we've got clearly group business on the books that was booked last year, which is weaker. We also have some group business which was booked in prior years before the wheels came off and is stronger. Net-net, I don't think that the comparison will be that different from one segment to another.
Arne Sorenson: I think we are getting closer. I don't think we are quite back to peak, but the – we are back in the – our third period, which is largely March for the Marriott brand. I think our occupancy was back in the 73% range and those are good numbers. But again, it takes a number of months of having that kind of strength and I think we still got some ground to go before we are back to peak occupancy levels.
Arne Sorenson: I think it's a better assumption that at least the non-management workforce in a hotel is going to grow with occupancy. You can't have your housekeepers clean more rooms than they can clean in a day. And so if there are more occupied rooms, you are going to need more housekeepers, period. It doesn't necessarily require a huge change in the staffing of that hotel, but it's going to grow with occupancy.
Arne Sorenson: Still a little early to tell. Our experience with events like this is that the first few days are positive as travelers are trapped and can't get home and so they extend their stays in hotels. But that after the first few days as travelers get home, they are not replaced by new arrivers until such time as it becomes clear that those folks can safely take their trips. And so we will have to see. There is chaos in Europe obviously, which they are trying now to start to sort out. If they can get it sorted out and travelers can look again and say, "You know what? I can go ahead and take my trip to Europe without worrying too much about coming back." They'll get back on the road and the impact won't be that significant. Net-net, I would expect it's likely to be a negative impact in Europe. How significant, we'll have to wait and see how things – how the dust settles here. So we have come to the end of our hour, very much appreciate all of you participating. And as always, we encourage you to get on the road. We'd love to welcome you into our hotels. Safe travels to you all.
Carl Berquist: Well, I think that's a good question. Right now, some of the things that drive that investment is conversions, opportunistic investments as it relates to transactions in the marketplace and the transactions through the first quarter, although you've seen a little pickup in transactions as the quarter went on, is still down substantially compared to normal times. I think as you see those transactions increase, that will give us an opportunity – evaluate opportunities where we can really do value-added estimate – value-added investments and take advantage of that to help grow the business. And hopefully, that will happen as the year goes along. Right now, as we said, we are anticipating total investments about $500 million. About $150 million to $200 million of that is CapEx, probably $50 million of that $150 million to $200 million is maintenance type CapEx. The other $300 million is those types of investments, but we stand ready to be opportunistic to take advantage of those.
Carl Berquist: No. I think if you look at where we were at our previous guidance when we talked about it in February, we were up about 2% to 3% and we were expecting that to be normal wage increases and the normal types of items that you would expect that were not sustainable that got cut out of in previous year. The increase from that level to where you are seeing now is primarily incentive compensation that has gone back in. Obviously, as you raise expectations as to how much profit you are going to drive to the bottom line, incentive compensation that is rewarded based on those returns needs to be increased likewise. So that's why you see the increase. There is really nothing else in there that would drive that – those numbers.David Loeb – Robert W. Baird: – based on – go ahead.
Carl Berquist: Yes, we booked – we actually booked throughout the year as the earnings are earned.David Loeb – Robert W. Baird: I see.
Carl Berquist: We have some deferred comp in the second quarter last year that, I think, affects some of the comparability.
Carl Berquist: Okay. Steve, I'll respond to you on the timeshare side and then Arne can talk about the ROIC. The – on timeshare, I think still 75%, 80% of our contract sales are on the traditional timeshare segment and the customer mix is pretty much still the same as it traditionally has been and probably 45%, 50% are coming from people that have a timeshare with us or have been referred to us by someone. So that mix is the normal mix that we are seeing there. As far as the discounting goes, we are still doing some discounting. But we are also moving prices where – up where we see the opportunity to do so. So on the traditional timeshare side, there might be some selective discounting still taking place, but it's very selective and targeted whereas it's also happening where we are moving prices. I think when you look at the timeshare business, you look at – we right-sided the business in 2009 and now that's going very strong for us. Our closing efficiency, as I mentioned, went from 7% to 11%. It's pretty dramatically really got the sales and marketing costs aligned with the volume that's going on. So I think that's what you are seeing in the business. It's now being right-sized, it's being run at a very efficient manner. At the same time, our rental programs in the timeshare business of the villas, the inventory we have, has moved up. I think it was like 9% in the quarter. So we are also benefiting from that too as people continue to use their vacation. So I think that’s – as you look at the timeshare, that's what you are seeing happening there.
Carl Berquist: Yes, that's a good question. We are not incentivizing people to take the financing. Thus, our financing propensity is down in the low-40s, I believe, for the quarter and that compares to – a couple of years with this high 75% to 80% when we did incentivize people. We are watching that market. Right now, giving the – even though it's a very good market, the market has come back for securitizations. After you factor in the advance rates and those items, we don't see a need to do that. So we continue to have 55%, 60% of our people pay cash. That works fine for us. But the financing is there if they want it and that works out to about 40%, 45% financing propensity. But from a return standpoint, we don't see the need to invest in those notes right now.
Carl Berquist: Sure. And to clarify, probably both of those are happening. You have mix shift obviously taking place and that has something to do with how the RevPAR will move, albeit it's not a big number in that RevPAR increase. It's probably pretty small right now. But over time, the mix shift will help. But the prices, I was talking about were rate prices and it – it's in select markets. I think the markets you would expect to be domestically would be New York, Washington, Boston, and then outside the U.S., Amsterdam, maybe London. And so it's the cities you think and as that mid-week strengthens, you get an opportunity and we are looking at opportunity and we are moving and see what happens.
Carl Berquist: Well, as occupancy comes back, obviously it does have a need to add and I would assume, at first it's going to be adding hours as it is, because people took back hours, but as big groups come in and as the big hotels get more and more occupancy and that moves up, then obviously at some point you are going to start adding people as well. But probably the first on a macro basis would be putting hours back in that were reduced during the downturn.
Carl Berquist: Yes. I don't know if we have a crystal ball as to exactly when the trend will start turning. I think a couple of things you have to think about there is, obviously domestically the capital markets for new-builds need to get a little more robust, especially on the limited service side or the rooms growth that will occur in that area. And then on the full service side, it's been domestically difficult to do new construction full service in the U.S. without doing any – part of a mixed use or something special there. However, outside the U.S., I think it's been growing and we would expect, especially in Asia and parts of the Middle East and for that to continue to grow in the pipeline for new construction, as well as other properties coming in. I think Autograph is a great opportunity as it relates to the conversion. As I mentioned earlier, we have seen tremendous interest in this so far. That interest continues to grow and that’s domestic right now. And we think that opportunity is as big, maybe even bigger as we move it to Europe.
