Leeny Oberg: Sure. Thanks, Stephen. So a couple of things in that question. One is the reality that when we typically talk about 1 point of RevPAR being $50 million to $60 million in fees, that's assuming that that's equally across all markets around the world and doesn't have any FX impact. And so I think you are clearly seeing with the drop that we talked today that the impact of the change in our outlook for Greater China has a disproportionate impact. When I think about Greater China's mix between base fees and IMFs, it's obviously quite different than it is in the US where you have an owner's priority return. So for 1 point of RevPAR in Greater China, that is typically something more like $3 [million] (ph) in fees, which is going to be more heavily weighted towards IMFs than it would be in the US where it would have a dramatically smaller impact. So I think we really have to look at the geography rather than necessarily just thinking about it as being a half point overall because it is overwhelmingly related to Greater China with just a slight, truly a tad bit lower expectation in the US and Canada.
Leeny Oberg: Yeah, no, we think you're absolutely right. We believe the algorithm absolutely holds up over time. You do have, as you described, the impact of certain elements changing unevenly. So in this particular situation, it is one market having a potentially large change in expected RevPAR for the rest of the year. But we've talked before about our expectation of fees per key as actually rising over time, especially as we think about also having our rapidly growing non-RevPAR fees. So we're very pleased with those continuing trends and do not believe that the fundamental algorithm is any different.
Leeny Oberg: Yeah, thank you, Shaun, and you're right. We can point out that kind of an interesting distinction there between Q3 and Q4. With China only being roughly 10% of our rooms, that impact of the lowest quarter in the back half of the year being Q3 doesn't have that much of an impact on Q4. What's going on on Q4 is as we described that we are seeing a bit lower group bookings specifically in Q4 around the election, which is having an impact on the expectations for US and Canada in Q4 versus Q3, though as we described when we look at the entire back half of the year, we do expect to see really a similar sort of RevPAR growth number as you see in the first half of the year. And then on top of that, you've got your other international markets just continuing to normalize. So when I look at the first half of APEC and EMEA and CALA, I would expect that their back half is a little bit lower. And so in that regard, as you move towards Q4, you continue to see additional normalization, although still quite strong RevPAR in those markets. And you put all that together and that's where you get the bit lower outlook for RevPAR in Q4 than Q3.
Leeny Oberg: And the only thing I'll add is that I think with our continued strength in RevPAR index in Greater China, especially as you see demand softening over the past six months or so, we have seen increased owner appetite for being with the really strong brands that we have and across the full range of brands. So we're really pleased to see kind of from the limited service segment all the way up through luxury, the really strong demand for the brands, including conversions in China, I think really demonstrating that it's frankly in the weaker times that sometimes the brands can prove the most powerful.
Leeny Oberg: Yeah, sure, Smedes, and yes, I think, I think Maui is definitely still seeing the slowest recovery. You still have the reality that the dollar is very strong, and Hawaii has been always been a very popular place for Japanese travelers. And so we overall in Hawaii, we've still not seen the level of Japanese travelers back in the state. But obviously, the tragedy in Lahaina has clearly had a huge impact on the island. And while we were there with Tony, with the senior team, a couple of weeks ago, and there's been fabulous progress, and it is really coming along well. But clearly still that island in particular is having a slower recovery than the other parts of Hawaii. But Hawaii overall is still feeling the impact of the strong dollar.
Leeny Oberg: Sure, absolutely. So interestingly, it's the same percentage as a year ago in the second quarter. 26% of the hotels in the US are paying incentive fees in the second quarter. And just as a reference point, in China, in Greater China, we went from 86% to 80%. So you see that really large delta given the structure of the management agreements. Overall for managed contracts for Marriott, we went from 62% paying incentive fees last year in the second quarter to 61% this year. So you can see that in the US it's fairly steady and more limited to certain pockets geographically that weren't quite as strong.
Leeny Oberg: Yeah, so let's do this. IMFs are definitely two-thirds of that. And I would say if you're looking at that, a solid half, if not a bit more, is from greater China. Now that you've got to get into how much is the RevPAR versus how much is FX, and there is a bit of both. Then you're also looking in IMF at some in the US, which let's call it, broadly speaking, roughly $10 million, from various markets not performing as well as we expected a quarter ago. Then you've got also FX overall is affecting both some base fees and IMFs. So to separate it out, you get into -- a bit into kind of which element are you describing. But I would say that China is the biggest impact on the change in IMFs, which is two-thirds of the overall $75 million in reduction. And then you've got a bit from the US and a bit from FX. Obviously, the lower RevPAR globally has a little bit of impact, and then ever so -- truly ever so slightly is related to non-RevPAR fees.
Leeny Oberg: The only thing I would add, David, is that we are really pleased with the number of multi-unit deals that we're signing. But overwhelmingly, they're multi-unit franchise or managed deals that are typical, but they just represent an owner wanting to sign a number of properties up with Marriott rather than a onesie or a twosie. So in that regard, it's great for our growth, and we're really pleased with the continuation of those relationships, but they don't represent a fundamental change in the nature of the agreement.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. As you know, our owned lease portfolio is a bit disparate around the world, and so it can depend on certain markets. Obviously, in Europe and -- business has been good. And so those results are strong. But it also contains termination fees in that category. And I think the reality is the outlook for termination fees is a bit higher than it was a quarter ago. It's as you noted, a very modest change in the overall guidance. So we're pleased with how well the hotels are doing in that portfolio. We've got a little bit of renovation impact that goes on. But otherwise, overall, really consistent view of the results in that segment with a little bit more termination fees.
Leeny Oberg: So first of all, it won't surprise you. We're not ready to talk about specifics for next year, but we certainly continue to believe that the 5% to 5.5% guidance that we gave in September of '23 is appropriate. Whether it -- we've got a specific budget that looks at a number that is higher or not. We will get there as we move through the process. The thing I'd like to point out is conversions and also the adaptive reuse numbers that Tony talked about relative to Greater China. Given that we are looking at a roughly 30% of our room openings coming from conversions and then the adaptive reuse numbers that we've talked about, I think we do continue to see a great rise of near-term openings over the next 18 months around the world. Tony pointed out the three luxury conversions that opened this year in the US, and those were in the year for the year conversions for the company. So those deals were signed this year and opened this year. So from that perspective, we do continue to feel really good about the demand for the brands. And then we talked a little bit about the uptick in construction starts, and I think you put that together and that bodes well for the company's continued net rooms growth.
Leeny Oberg: Yeah, sure. You're right. We saw leisure grow 2% and while that's clearly nothing like group that was at 10%, it is still encouraging given they came out of COVID rapid fire and with huge increases in RevPAR. So very pleased. Global leisure nights were up 2%. ADR was up 1%, and even the US and Canada leisure RevPAR was up 1%. And when you look at the various segments, global luxury resorts were up 4.1% in terms of RevPAR and US luxury resorts were up almost 1%. So while I think there is at the margin a hair more caution from the US customer, we do see that there continues to be very strong demand on the leisure front. The other thing I'd point out is that we clearly are seeing a stronger performance in the upper chain scales than compared to the lower chain scale. And you're seeing that throughout the industry as well. So when you look at premium and luxury, that overall is stronger than it is in the lower chain scales.
Leeny Oberg: And the last thing I'll say is we do expect for the full year, while it will not be the -- it will be relatively the slower growing segment compared to group and BT, we still do expect it to be up for the full year as well.
Leeny Oberg: No, not really. I think one thing that's just interesting is that ancillary spend around the world, US and Canada, and frankly, all of the other regions, ancillary spend was a hair softer than we anticipated. And I think it does show that the consumer in general is perhaps being a bit more judicious about the fancy dinner or going on that extra trip when they're on a vacation. And that is really the only thing. It's not trade down in any meaningful way. And as we pointed out, the resort RevPAR was sturdy. But that's really the only item that I can point to.
Leeny Oberg: Yeah. So, interestingly, inbound is about the same as it was prior to COVID. 4% to 5% of the nights in the US are from cross-border, and it's the same as usual where big cities like New York and Miami continue to get outsized presence from cross-border travel. But they also continue to be from the markets like Canada and Mexico coming to the US. As we look at going to other markets, we are seeing that we've gone a hair higher than 19 levels. We’re -- almost 20% of our business around the world is cross-border. Now, part of that, the reality is we've got more international rooms than we had in 2019. But you continue to see with the strong US dollar, you continue to see great travel from US travelers, for example, going to Japan, going to Europe, Middle Eastern travelers, traveling to many other countries. So I think the global nature of travel is only increasing, which from our perspective is fabulous.
Leeny Oberg: So I'll give you a couple of facts and also a reminder that a year ago you were just starting to see Chinese travelers leaving the country. So one of the big differences in Q2 is there was meaningfully better airlift out of China to other parts of the world. Now while the US airlift is still not back to where it was, overall there are about 75% back to where they were in terms of airlift to other countries and particularly to other countries in Asia Pacific. So, no doubt our Asia Pacific hotels outside of Greater China benefited from the higher income travelers in China wanting to go outside of China now that frankly it was a freer opportunity to do so on the heels of the recovery from COVID. So we are seeing that. I will say that the travel to and from the US is definitely not back to the levels that it was. And we do continue to expect to see really strong outbound demand from greater China. But I will point you again to the overall macroeconomic picture there in greater China, which is frankly meant that overall levels of travel spend have not recovered as fast as perhaps might have been expected.
Leeny Oberg: No. Overwhelmingly, our pipeline, as you might imagine, is overwhelmingly limited service in any event. And most of the full service deals that we're doing are conversions. So this is quite similar to 2019, where there are overwhelmingly select service new builds.
Leeny Oberg: Yeah, no. So good questions. I would say the lower ancillary spend is across the board. So a little bit, only a little bit, but a little bit everywhere, both leisure as well as group. And then on the non-RevPAR spend, overall we are still seeing credit card spend go up very nicely. We're still looking at credit card fees being up 10% in 2024. It is the average spent that has moderated a little bit in terms of a typical card holder in the US, but again, only a very, very small amount. And just as a reminder, the ancillary spend is related to credit card spend because obviously people use their credit cards to buy these things, but our ancillary revenues are going to come through the RevPAR line because those are earned at hotels. The non-RevPAR fees are entirely a function of what's going on, obviously, in residential and timeshare and in the credit cards. And that's where, to your point, we're seeing average spend moderate a bit. But again, overall, credit card spend will go out very nicely because we're really pleased with the adding of new card holders to our portfolio.
Leeny Oberg: Yeah. So as we spoke about before, we are really pleased with the large number of multi-unit conversion deals that we've had under discussion and in some cases closed around the world. So that is great. And then we've talked about specifically in the mid-scale as having over 300 hotels under discussion with multi-unit developers. And we are seeing more of them actually put the shovels in the ground.
Tony Capuano: And maybe just to add a little more context to that, Shaun, the -- obviously we knew there was an election this year and baked what we've seen as historical softness. But when you look back over prior election cycles, we tended to see a little bit of group softness the week of election. Given for the unique attributes of this election cycle, we're seeing that bleed into the week after the election as well. So it's from a group perspective, about half of November is feeling the impact on the group side.
Tony Capuano: It's a great question and it's sort of an interesting riddle. As you heard in my prepared remarks, we had record signings in the first half of the year in China. I think it's really about the long-term prospects in China. Our owner community, certainly the SOEs there, continue to believe in the long-term dynamics of travel, and continue to both sign and start constructing them. So we really have seen no slowdown at all on that front. In fact, it's interesting, we signed 63 select service deals in the first half of the year in China. Almost half of those are expected to open within 12 months. So as we look at the pace, we ask the same question as you. Are we stacking paper or are we signing deals that are going to materialize as openings? And the pace of construction is really encouraging.
Tony Capuano: Yeah, of course. So as I said, here in the US, up about 40%, which is really encouraging. In greater China, I might refer to the comment I made earlier. Again, in China, as you know, oftentimes projects that come to us are well under construction. So we tend to look more at what percentage of those deals might open within 12 months of signing and to see nearly half in greater China is really encouraging. In APEC, Asia Pacific excluding China, there is still some challenges getting projects financed, and there's a continued wait for a little easing in the interest rate environment. And in EMEA, you've got a similar circumstance. Financing is continuing to be a bit of an impediment. But despite everything I just described between all of the regions that we talked about, construction starts on a global basis are up that same number about 40%. And the other thing I would tell you is the combination of some improvement in construction start activity and continued really strong performance on the conversion side, we've now had 27 straight quarters with about 200,000 rooms or more under construction. So even with really strong openings, we continue to see those starts fuel the under-construction pipeline.
Tony Capuano: Yeah, it is. And I think the short answer is, I don't think it should cause you to think materially differently about our NUG, about the value of our NUG, about our fee structures. MGM was an extraordinarily exciting and unique opportunity to bring two powerhouse sets of brands together and that caused us to be creative on the deal structure. But the vast majority, almost the entirety of the pipeline, fits squarely in our traditional approach to managed and franchise deals.
Tony Capuano: Yeah. The short answer is, it's really going great. I talked to Bill not long ago, I think, from both companies' perspectives, we are elated at the volume of both transient and group leads that are coming through our systems. The number of folks that are considering linking their MGM rewards and Marriott Bonvoy accounts, the number of groups that are unique groups that are now available to the MGM portfolio. So I think on all fronts, we are thrilled.
Tony Capuano: Yeah. So good questions. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the forward bookings for the balance of '24 are consistent with last quarter with about 9% improvement. In 2025, as we look ahead, right now, 2025 is pacing at 9%, which is a little erosion from last quarter. But most of the change is due to pace in room nights. Some of that is around -- or the length of time that folks are booking now, but group continues to be a standout.
Tony Capuano: And, Dan, just to provide a little more context. I mean Leeny referenced the strength we've seen in leisure. Remind yourself, leisure was the fastest customer segment to recover. And over the last five years, RevPAR and the leisure segment is up 40%. And so to continue to see quarter-over-quarter improvement in leisure RevPAR on the shoulders of that sort of recovery for us is quite encouraging.
Tony Capuano: Yeah, I think, Bill, the empirical data that supports Leeny's observation, when you looked in the corridor at occupancy improvement by quality tier, luxury was actually the tier that had the best improvement at almost 2.5 points of occupancy year-over-year. And so, again, that high-end consumer continues to show real resilience and real appetite for travel. I think the one thing we're watching is what Leeny pointed out, and that's the ancillary spend.
Tony Capuano: The only thing I would add are the other catalyst we've seen is the Chinese government has been more and more aggressive in striking visa deals with preferred destinations, removing one more layer of friction for outbound Chinese travelers, especially at the high end. And we're seeing that particularly in our results across APEC.
Tony Capuano: Yeah, it's definitely not churn. I mean we continue to see kind of historic low levels of dropout from the pipeline. I think here in the US, while we're encouraged by that pickup of 40%, you still -- and it's a bit ironic because when you talk to the lenders, often the hospitality component of their commercial real estate portfolios are the best subset of that portfolio. But the availability of construction debt is still relatively constricted to where we were in a pre-pandemic situation. And as a result, we're not back to where we were pre-pandemic in terms of shovels in the ground. Trends are going the right direction, but we're just not all the way back yet.
Tony Capuano: Yeah. So again, as Leeny pointed out earlier, we're not quite ready to put a stake in the ground on specific guidance for ‘25, but we continue to see conversion volume at 30-plus-percent of both signings and openings. It feels like our momentum in conversions is accelerating, and it's really encouraging to see the way the owner and franchise community is gravitating towards the strength of our revenue engines.
Tony Capuano: Yeah. So, I think our visibility is pretty good but the booking window is historically short right now. And so that's making it challenging for us to look much beyond the end of this year. Right now you are seeing very, very short-term booking window, kind of one to three days versus what we see around most of the rest of the world is closer to 20 days.
Tony Capuano: Of course. It's a trend that we analyze quite a bit ourselves. And so I'm going to give you a couple statistics. We're only halfway through ‘24. So I'm going to compare 2019 to 2023 full year. It's interesting, the percentage of deals in full year 2023 that required key money is actually a bit lower than what we saw in 2019. And similarly, the amount of key money offered in deals that had key money in 2023 was almost 10% lower than what we saw in 2019. Now to be sure, there's a couple other trends below the surface of those encouraging statistics. To be sure that the environment is becoming more and more competitive and we continue to apply the same lens we've always applied, which is in deals that are strategic and have a significant fee upside, that's when we consider leveraging the company's balance sheet. And number two, back in 2019, I don't know the precise statistic, but the bulk of the key money we deployed would have been in the upper upscale and luxury. And I think now you are seeing selectively the opportunity or the need to deploy key money or other capital tools lower in the quality tier framework.
Tony Capuano: Great. Well, as always, thank you again for your interest in Marriott. I hope you enjoy the balance of the summer. Hope you're out on the road, and we'll look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Thanks.
