Kathleen Kelly Oberg: I think next year you could expect the percentage of hotels earning incentive fees to go up a few more percentage points. Not a whole lot more than that. There is obviously some seasonal variety, depending on whether it's first quarter or fourth quarter in terms of how we recognize incentive fees, but I would expect that it could go up slightly next year.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: I think next year, you could look to our incentive fees getting hopefully back up close to where our peak was in 2007. So, the guidance that would be at the top end of the range, if that's where we hit. But I think broadly the 10% to 16% increase of the guidance that we've given does take into consideration some FX impact, but largely represents the fact of a few more percentage points of hotels earning incentive fees.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: And again, I will say North America is the biggest driver of this bus in 2016. You're going to see really strong incentive growth from the North American properties.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: So as we talked about before, Harry, the numbers that we're looking at in all the things that we're talking about today reflect only Marriott, core legacy Marriott. So obviously, we would assume that and hope that once we've acquired Starwood that you would see share repurchase go even higher than the numbers that we've presented. But what we've talked about is that we could see total capital return to shareholders of over $2 billion in 2016; that will have the roughly similar payout on the dividend side and the rest in share repurchase. First quarter is obviously quite constrained, and basically what you've seen us buy to date is probably pretty much it given that now until shareholder vote we're out of the market. But then we look forward to being back in the market as aggressively as we can and look forward to still hitting those numbers assuming all goes well for the rest of the year.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: So first, the most important part is to look at the partner in this particular situation, and that is we're working with one of the largest hotel operators in China on this particular deal. So from a standpoint of having a knowledge based infrastructure capital experience with these kind of projects, frankly, we couldn't ask for a better situation. They know the markets. And I think from that standpoint, it will allow us to leverage a large number of hotels quickly and get them into our fee stream by working with somebody like that.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Sure. No, that's great. No, I appreciate the question. First of all, I would say the three areas that we mentioned, roughly fairly even. So when you look at where the growth is coming from, whether it's the owned, leased hotels or these branding fees or the credit card, it is – the growth is split fairly evenly between those three. And frankly, they're all pretty sustainable. These, on the hotel side, we're looking at several hotels coming off of renovations which is great and they've got some nice growth in those numbers. On the residential sides, we definitely are now seeing kind of the – that business has really picked up from 2013 through 2015 as you saw the residential market rebound. And so as we look out into the future, we've got a number of other projects coming onboard in 2017 and 2018. So I would look for that to continue not necessarily to grow at quite the same growth rate that it's growing in 2016 but certainly in terms of continuing forward to look as strong as it's looking in 2016. And then the credit card business, obviously, this is all ultimately to some extent tied to GDP and how consumers are behaving but assuming we continue to have an economy that marches forward, we look for new cardholders and increase spend to add those credit card fees.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Well, first of all, I will say we are – you're right in the kind of first supposition. We're totally separate companies and we actually are still competitors for the time being. So any sort of direct influence on these asset sales is nonexistent. But certainly in terms of our asset light model, it won't surprise you that we would like to recycle the capital as fast as practicable and turn those into good solid management agreement and be able to recycle the capital for our shareholders and look forward to doing so. I think you've heard that we expect once the transaction gets going – once the integration occurs that we're looking at $1.5 billion to $2 billion worth of cash coming from the asset sales, we would continue to look forward to seeing that. In terms of the market out there, as you know, it's very asset specific, very asset dependent. We are not involved in the details on each asset sales. So I can't really comment particularly about how we would see those. But at the same time for high quality assets like the ones that Starwood has, we would look forward to them continuing to see a robust buyers' market forum.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: I would say longer term being the operative word, we're not going to say whether it's six months or 18 months that we would expect to have recycled them. But yes, fundamentally, philosophically yes, I would agree with that.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Right. So that actually includes the benefit of the hedges in that number. And generally, the thing I would caution you to remember is we have basically 25% of our fees come from outside the U.S., and then only a third of those do we hedge. So for example, whether it's the yuan or the South African rand or things like that which we don't currently hedge, so you're looking at two-thirds of our international fees coming from unhedged currencies. So that's where you're seeing some of the numbers in 2016 relative to 2015.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: In terms of – no, in terms of the debt that Marriott takes on, no. I think we're always looking at new ideas on the hedging side and hedging the fees. But to be quite honest, in many cases the costs of those hedge are so prohibitive that it's really better off to stick with the risk. Now I will also say that we do – we are hopeful that the dollar doesn't strengthen at the same kind of rate that it did in 2015 in 2016, and I think our forecast does take into consideration that we're not expecting quite the same level.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Right. So great question. So you answered part of the question yourself in terms of the reason why expenditures are down, and that is Delta. From the standpoint of when we were talking to you a year ago, we knew that we were going to be spending $130 million odd on Delta. We also knew that we had some more CapEx to finish putting into our EDITION hotels. So that really makes up the bulk of the difference in terms of the CapEx spending. But then when you look at the amount of recycling that we did do in 2015 and what that led to in terms of share repurchases, the real difference when you look into 2016 is, number one, we're starting off a bit under-levered. So if you think of something like a point, 0.1 times on our leverage ratio gives you share repurchase capability of close to $200 million. And if we started off at 2.8 times, and our typical number is three times, right off the bat you've got $400 million of additional share repurchase capacity without really doing anything. Then you've got a little bit – as you spoke of, a little bit less in CapEx. And then, frankly, we are able to lever up a little bit with our growing EBITDAR and you put those together, and that gets us to our $2 billion, or over $2 billion.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: So a couple things. Mostly, I would say, it is not that it is delayed deals moving. There probably are a handful that could fall into 2016 that we had hoped would be in 2015. But overwhelmingly, it is the steady progression of our pipeline turning into real hotels. There is about half of it, just when you think about it. We expect about half of them to be limited service North American hotels. And when you saw the signings that we did of over 100,000 in 2015, it should give you good confidence about that number. So I think in general feel pretty good about it. And again, at the margin, a little bit higher percentage of overall relative to openings in 2015 we would expect to be from limited service in North America, which again, they seem to be going along like clockwork.
Arne M. Sorenson: It's a good question. I think we are hopefully learning from the experiences we've had in the past few years. You can, to some extent, look at the Gaylord acquisition and the Protea and Delta acquisitions as warm-up acts for this, I suppose. And hopefully, we're getting better at it. Now at the same time, obviously, Starwood is a much bigger deal than any of those were, which presents some positive differences and then some greater challenges. I think on the positive side, Starwood is hopefully less distracted by the process of the sale of the company. And you've got a big talented group of folks over there running 350,000 rooms or so. But I know the Starwood team, with our encouragement, is very much focused on continuing to drive sales and to drive the development engine. And we've taken steps to try and put our arms around those teams of folks so that they are as little distracted by this as possible. I think some of the other deals we did early, it was that sales engine which looked like it got distracted during a sales process and to some extent between the negotiate – or the signing of a deal and the closing of a deal. And we're doing everything we can to plan for integration of systems and integration of business units between now and when we close so that we can implement those as quickly as possible. And we're optimistic at this point that this will go well.
Arne M. Sorenson: It won't surprise you to know there are many systems. On the property level, the property management systems, they both have the same core engine running them. And I think actually unlike in prior deals, we will not try and move all of one portfolio of hotels to some other property management system from the one that they've got, and instead find a way to make those systems communicate above the property in a way that hopefully will be much easier. But then you get to some places like email systems or the like, which are very identical. But other systems which are unique and have been custom developed by each of Starwood and Marriott. Generally, our plan is as quickly as feasible to move to one system, not two. By doing that, we think we will provide efficiencies to our hotel owners and franchisees. We'll provide ease of operation, and we should free up resources to invest in loyalty program system and some other things, which are much more strategically important.
Arne M. Sorenson: I think the transient obviously is both business and leisure. You get the leisure piece of it, but I think we will see transient grow in about the same range. Let me just talk a little bit more about the philosophy around our RevPAR guidance of 3% to 5% for 2016, which has been noted obviously in a number of early reports that have come out that that's a point lower than what we thought a quarter ago. What's changed between then and now, I think we look at a world in which there's obviously more anxiety in the marketplace. There's a bit more anxiety about what GDP growth is going to look like in 2016. And as a consequence, we've been a bit more conservative in the forecast that we've provided. When we look internally at our own budgets that are rolled up by hotel, and this is a U.S. focused comment obviously, I think our expectations have maybe declined by about 0.5 point from where we've guessed they were a quarter ago. And that's why we mentioned in the prepared remarks that our expectation is towards the higher end of that 3% to 5%. But there's enough uncertainty out there that we thought the 3% to 5% range is probably a more constructive place for us to be than to try and move it by only 0.5 point. It gives us a little bit more room to see what happens with GDP growth. Transient business is the hardest to predict because it does not really have much of a long lead time, particularly with business travelers. There you're really talking about days or maybe a week or two. Leisure tends to be a little bit longer than that. But what we see is, again, reasonably encouraging. The sky is not falling when we look at our data. That is profoundly the case when you look at group business, but it is also very much the case when you look at transient business. We mentioned the 2.5% transient demand in January. We look at U.S. system-wide RevPAR numbers, and they were up a hair over 3% in the month of January. And we think that probably had nearly a point impact because of the blizzard on the East Coast. And so all things considered, that's not bad and we'd expect February to be better. That's a longer answer than you asked for. But generally, we would expect transient to be a bit lower than group but still in meaningful mid-single-digit range.
Arne M. Sorenson: The owners and franchisees love it. They absolutely love it. They understand the strategy behind it. They understand the power that can be driven by the system. Obviously, each of them will ultimately look at it from a very selfish perspective, which is okay, what about my hotel in this market and what is the impact there? And we're still early. They're still early in trying to understand that piece of it. But I think most of them, and certainly those that are largest in size and most institutional in flavor see this as something that should drive good economics, not just for Marriott and Starwood shareholders, but great economics for them as well.
Arne M. Sorenson: Again, they're going be looking for the things that they always look for, which is top line synergies and margin improvement, and there are opportunities in both of those places. So when you think about revenue synergies, and they're the hardest things for us to put a number out there. We don't have one for you now. Hopefully, when we get to a point of digesting the acquisition and sharing in more detail with all of you our plans, we can be a little bit more specific about it. But the basic notion is how do you take these two leading loyalty programs in the industry, Marriott Rewards and SPG [Starwood Preferred Guest], and create something which is even more powerful, and by doing that, take greater share of the business for the members of those two programs and drive top line revenue for the hotels that are in the system. I think when you get to the cost side, we'll find hopefully that we are less reliant on the most expensive sources of third-party business over time. I think we'll find that there are opportunities in procurement. I think we'll find that there are efficiencies in systems costs that can be driven in as a result of going to one system instead of having two. And I think we'll find lots of opportunities to really, again, both drive the top line and the bottom line. So we feel really good about this. I think the only thing we hear in response to the deal that is a community that says please reassure us is Rewards and SPG members want to make sure that their points are protected and that they don't have anything to fear. And we've been assuring both of those communities that the principal reason for our doing this deal is actually to redouble our commitment to them and make them feel even better about their loyalty to us so that they need not be worried. But I think so far it's going great.
Arne M. Sorenson: No, we're not. The only thing we've seen and we mentioned this in the prepared remarks is we are seeing a bit of a lengthening of the group booking window. So we talked about how in the fourth quarter we had an increase in group bookings for all future periods of about 10%. Actually, when you look at that by year, 2016, 2017 and 2018, the weakest booking year-over-year would be 2016. That is not a function of a slowdown in demand. That is a function of the fact that bookings are already up 7%, and there's not that much space left. And I think that's something we're likely to see continue here as long as the trends continue in the way that is implicit in our guidance. Otherwise, there is no – nothing that gives us cause for concern.
Arne M. Sorenson: That's on the books. Let's see. 77% is what they've got here compared to 74% a year ago. So about three points higher.
Arne M. Sorenson: I think that's going be a really interesting question, and Leeny jump in here with your perspective. But I think the weakness in the financial markets, which does impact confidence particularly among financial players is making debt financing, I think, more difficult today than it was a few months ago. And as a consequence, I suspect that some of these deals which have recently been signed will be harder to get financed than deals that were signed maybe a year ago. And so if there's a risk here in the near term, it is that some of these deals either will get delayed to some extent, or some may even be killed if debt financing cannot be made available. It's going to vary a little bit by type of owner, partner or franchisee partner. I think those that are – tend to be more in the center part of the country, more conservatively financed, more regional banks probably will continue to be less impacted by this sort of increased anxiety. I think those that are less institutional, more classically project financed as opposed to balance sheet financed, I think there is a greater risk that some of those projects may be delayed.
Arne M. Sorenson: We saw their results when you saw their results. So, we will – probably as soon as this call is over, actually maybe while this call is going on, we are looking at exactly some of those questions. We've had a chance basically to do a quick – I've had a chance to do a quick read through of their release. Don't have any real insight to it. Not surprisingly, the weak foreign currencies have a more profound impact on their business, given their international mix than we do. And that is a piece of things. That piece is not surprising, obviously. We see proportionately the same sort of FX impact to our business going forward. But we'll have to digest those things. And again, this is not a deal that is based on one quarter's numbers or necessarily even one year's numbers. But a deal that we think is very attractive both financially in the long-term and strategically.
Arne M. Sorenson: We looked at a couple of alternatives in this broad area in China over the last few years. And the concerns that you raise were the kinds of concerns that we had. We feel obviously better about this deal than other ones we've looked at and decided not to pursue, in part, because of the strength of Eastern Crown as a franchise operator and in part because of the structure of the deal. But I think increasingly like some of our competitors we want to make sure that we are playing in all of the segments which are relevant to the growing China middle class and not purely being in the luxury space which is really where we've been so far. And this is a way for us to get there. We'll continue to expand the Rewards program and I think expand the familiarity and breadth of our brands to Chinese travelers.
Arne M. Sorenson: Let me start with the Asia piece, particularly China. Obviously, we've been bombarded with news about the Chinese economy over the last couple of quarters. Most of it not very positive in what we read in the papers here. And obviously a big chunk of that is related to their manufacturing and export business. To some extent, it's related to their infrastructure spending, and to some extent to their financial markets and financial institutions. I think underneath all of that you've got China continuing to move towards a consumer economy. You've got a growing middle class that has resources to expend on things other than bare necessities. And as a consequence, I think we see in our industry and certainly at Marriott, stronger performance in China than you might expect from reading that newspaper. Obviously, it is a very big market. And so the performance in different cities will vary from place to place. We had some of the numbers in our prepared remarks. Shanghai continues to be a very strong market all the way through 2015. Hong Kong, by contrast, has been a market which has been under pressure, in part because of the political implications of some of the street protests and other decisions that are made that derive from that. But then you look at other markets like Japan. China visitation to Japan was up something like 25% or 30% last year, if memory serves. And it is driving great performance in our Japanese hotels. And you see that sort of growth in outbound China business continuing to perform really well. And what we see so far in 2016 continues to make us quite positive about China. Now to be sure, the China New Year has shifted from January to February. So we'll have to get through February and see exactly how the dust settles. But we're feeling pretty good about China and we're feeling pretty good about Asia. When it comes to MVW and ILG and their interest in the loyalty programs, this is a – it's going to be a really fun set of issues to work through. And obviously, we've already talked about the strategic importance of using these loyalty programs to both grow our loyal customer base and to intensify our relationships with them. And we think SPG and Marriott Rewards give us a perfect opportunity to do that. At the same time, we have in MVW and ILG companies, which are keenly interested in making sure that they can continue to market Marriott timeshare to the Marriott Rewards folks and Starwood timeshare to the SPG folks. Similarly, we have credit card partners in those two programs, AmEx with SPG and JPMorgan Chase Visa with Marriott Rewards. And we'll work through those things with both. We don't fear either of those issues, though, and think actually that we will find a way to create great value for us and our customers as well as for those partners.
Arne M. Sorenson: China will be much bigger than Canada for us, even with the Delta acquisition earlier last year. I don't know that I can pull those numbers off the top of my head. I think China will – when we close the deal, will be something like 250 open hotels between Marriott and Starwood, and gross fees that must be in the $150 million to $200 million range, I would think, something like that.
Arne M. Sorenson: $150 million to $200 million would be less than 15% of EBITDA. I think combined EBITDA must be in the $3 billion range. You can pull the numbers out from our respective statements and put something together on that. And Canada, I can't – I don't remember the numbers off the top of my head, but I would think that they are half-ish or maybe even less than that of China. And China, it won't surprise you to know is obviously growing faster.
Arne M. Sorenson: No, not at all. And I actually don't – in a very short-term perspective, you might have some of those questions. I think when you look at the long term, particularly China, we are extraordinarily enthusiastic about the future potential of that market, both for travel in that market and the importance of outbound China travel, and both depend on our having strong distribution and brand familiarity in China. I think the issues in Canada are – only time will tell. But if you're referring to the energy market and the impact that that has on the Canadian economy, I think our bet would be that that is more transitory than permanent, albeit we do have a long-term perspective. So while we're not making a forecast on oil prices at the end of 2016, we would expect that the Canadian economy, which has a lot going for it in terms of a workforce and global integration, will be a market that continues to grow for the foreseeable future.
Arne M. Sorenson: It's more bottoms-up than top down. You can tell from the comments we made earlier about the difference between a 0.5 point decline in our bottoms-up approach and a roughly one-point decline in the guidance that we're giving you this morning. So there is a bit of a flavor that comes from the judgment that we've applied to it. But our planning process does not really fundamentally start with the GDP forecast. It starts with – when we get to this point of the year particularly, it starts with budgets at the hotels. And they're looking at some supply trends, but essentially much more demand trends in their market. And if you look across, have you guys got 2016? We would expect that New York is going to continue to be a fairly challenged market with barely positive RevPAR growth I think is what we've got in the model, maybe in the 1% range, something like that.
Arne M. Sorenson: Group pace is better. And so that may help us get to that number. But I think that's going to continue to be a market we slog through. I think the oil patch will continue to be difficult markets that we slog through. But I think the bulk of the markets we think should perform more or less within the range of what we've talked about.
Arne M. Sorenson: I'm not sure it goes quite so far as to exclude any. I mean what our base model assumes is that over the course of the first couple years or so, we will get the combined larger company back to sort of the three times debt-to-EBITDA target that we've talked about for years. There are some things we still don't really know in detail. Actually, a lot of things we don't know in detail but part of this is making sure that we assess how many dollars are trapped offshore and work through the planning process to see whether they can be brought back to the U.S. and used. And we don't know how long that's going to take really. Starwood has work that is underway there and we have some sense for what the options are there. But we've got a lot more work to do. And so it's a longwinded way of saying we do have some assumptions about share repurchase over the first few years in the model as with all of our share repurchase assumption that tends to have stock prices when we buy back stock at sort of normal multiples and growing stock prices whether you look at the Marriott standalone model or the combined multiple. And so they are not as profound in driving EPS accretion as you might think. If you sat here and said okay, well, what if you buy back all the stock at today's stock price, for example. But we'll work through that. I think there is – just to state the obvious, the more we can convert the acquisition of Starwood to a cash deal by buying back stock sooner particularly at the kind of values that the market is attributing to the companies today, the more we like that deal. And it becomes something which is a no-brainer attractive transaction for us. And so where we end up exactly in this, we'll have to see both what happens with stock price and what happens with the cash management issues that we need to get through.
Arne M. Sorenson: Just a couple of thoughts there. The $1.5 billion to $2 billion that Leeny referenced before is net of our estimate of what the taxes would be.
Arne M. Sorenson: And it is not – it's not enormously punitive to the transaction. It's in the, if I remember right, 10% to 15% range of gross proceeds, something like that.
Arne M. Sorenson: There generally, though, is not an impact on tax basis from the transaction since we're acquiring the stock of the parent company. And whether those assumptions turn out to be exactly right, we'll have to see as we get further into it. You're right, though, to talk about asset sales because that will be one of the things that has a significant impact to both the amount and pace of share repurchases. I think it's – without getting into the details, it is crystal clear that from an earnings perspective, these hotels can be sold in every instance at a dramatically higher multiples than what the earnings contribution are from them. When you look at EBITDA multiples, it becomes a little bit closer but even there it's a great portfolio of assets that we would think in virtually all instances. And again take this all with a little bit of grain of salt since there's still a lot we don't know. But in virtually all instances, we would think that the prices available would be at higher EBITDA multiples than the companies who are trading at which just gives us that much more conviction that we ought to continue with the strategy we've had for a number of years which is to be focused on management and franchising and not on owning real estate.
Arne M. Sorenson: Okay, thank you all very much for your time this morning. We appreciate your interest in Marriott, and look forward to welcoming you in our hotels all around the world. Have a good one.
