Arne M. Sorenson: Thanks, Harry and good morning. Let me maybe first say NUG I think you're referring to net unit growth as opposed to another brand. We have a few brands, but NUG is, I think, not one of them. But you're right to raise the question, obviously, from our guidance a quarter ago we have assumed a higher level of deletions this quarter than we did then. And it's important, I think, that we all try and understand what's driving that. I think the place I would start is not about deletions, but is about development, because I think the core question which should be addressed here is, what does it say, if anything, about our owning partners' appetite to grow with us and to affiliate their hotels with us. And what we're seeing on the development side is a much more powerful indication of the strength of our brands than anything that the deletion data would tell you. In Q2, for example, we added 40,000 new rooms to the pipeline, in newly approved deals or newly signed deals that had not been counted before, 241 hotels. If you do the math that's adding a hotel a little more frequently than once every nine hours. And that shows you that around the world our owners are saying these are brands that we want to affiliate with and we're prepared to put substantial capital behind that desire. What's happened though in the last quarter or so is, we've continued to make progress on a number of things which ultimately impact deletions. And, of course, each hotel has its own story. The deletions in the second quarter were only about 18 hotels, but they are the most recent ones that left our system. And what we see is about 20% of them, by definition older assets, are contract expirations. And while contracts, when they expire, can often be renewed, the core issue there is usually, does it make sense for additional capital to be invested in those hotels to bring them up to current standards, or are they, sort of, beyond that point from an economic perspective. And typically at expiration, obviously, it's a meaningful question and so we lost some hotels from that perspective. About 30% of the rooms that came out in the second quarter came out because of hurricanes or earthquakes. And while they may come back into our system at some point in time, we looked at the circumstances of those hotels and thought it could be years before they reenter our system. And rather than keep them in our unit count, let's take them out. And the balance in the quarter and I think in many respects the increase in the deletion estimate for the year is driven by a mix of product quality issues. They can be quite unique sometimes that, but it's driven by the economics of each individual hotel. And while we would like to keep hotels in the system if they could be brought up to standards, if they can't get the capital that's necessary in order for them to stay in the system, we'd just assume that they left. Sometimes, obviously, we have a different point of view with our owners about the position of these assets and we work through that and see if we can come to a resolution that makes the most sense. I think the last thing I'd say here, Harry, and suggested in your question too, we do not think this is a new deletion rate that we're going to experience for years to come in the future. I think this is a mix of pushing product quality issues. I think it is a mix to some extent of dealing with some unresolved legacy workout issues that were within the Starwood portfolio when we closed the transaction. Some of those deals have not been resolved and we're working our way through them towards resolution. And hopefully, we'll get back more to the 1% to 1.5% kind of deletion range that we talked about the last couple of years for the years to come.
Arne M. Sorenson: We're making great progress on Sheraton. And we obviously have lots of dialogue with our Sheraton owners around the world. About a year ago, we settled on a sort of prototype for the regular guest room in the Sheraton brand. In June of this year we rolled out a new idea for the public space for the Sheraton brand, which we did at the Lodging Conference in New York, 1st of June and have had tremendous response from our owners and franchisees to what we're doing with the brand. When we look at the portfolio around the world what we see is about 75% of the Sheraton portfolio is on its way towards meeting those brand standards. Now that includes those that are already there as well as hotels which are scheduled for renovation or maybe even under renovation leaving about a quarter, which we're in discussions with most of those owners to see if we can get to a place where the renovation is going to be done to bring it up to brand standards. And obviously it's in that bucket that we have some deletions from the system which we're certainly happy to take because long-term we think we're going to strengthen the brand. RevPAR index for the brand is now above fair share which it's moved a bit since we closed. I think it's got a significant movement ahead of it if we can deliver the kind of capital and reinvention of the brand that's necessary. So I think we feel really good about the momentum we've got for plans for the hotels. I think in terms of the customer experience we've got to get more of these renovations actually completed and available to customers before they will start to see the average experience of the Sheraton's move materially.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. So good question and we were very deliberate about using the phrase, steady as she goes, in the prepared remarks. I think we could probably describe good news and bad news here. So for the optimists who are showing up this call and saying okay we had a 4% GDP print in the United States in Q2 that should drive faster RevPAR growth maybe even in Q2. Maybe you should build that into your Q3 or Q4 numbers. We have not seen that higher GDP growth show up in higher demand either in our system or in the industry. In fact you look at Smith Travel data, rooms sold in the United States, which is obviously demand, in Q1 demand was up 3, in Q2 demand was up 3.1%. So essentially identical. And in many respects our system very much shows the same thing. When you adjust for the calendar anomalies, I think, our first two quarters, one was 2.3% and one was 2.5% RevPAR growth, so essentially identical numbers. Similarly, and this is repeating what we said in the prepared remarks, but when we look at Q3 and Q4, if you're worried that the 1.5% to 2% U.S. system-wide number is concerning, don't. It is not a sign of softening. It is very much an impact of the calendar or comparison anomalies. July 4th mid-week, obviously, you've already heard about from other companies in this space, we've got some shifting holidays, but probably the most significant pain in the back half of the year is the RevPAR comparisons get tougher because of the strength of the hurricane recovery efforts in Houston and Florida, particularly last year. And when you adjust for those things, what we're seeing in our guidance built-in is about a 2.5% RevPAR growth for the balance of the year. And so, it's very much steady as she goes. We see under that, probably still somewhat greater strength in the leisure segment. In the group space, the corporate group is stronger than the associate group. And the corporate transient is probably right in the middle.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. That's a really important point to raise. Our group bookings in the first quarter for all future periods were very, very strong. One of the reasons, perhaps the most significant reason for that was our reduced commission rates took effect April 1. And so, with the number of group intermediaries, they were accelerating their efforts to make sure they were booking before lower commission rates impacted them. I think similarly when you look across the industry you've had a number of other companies decide that they would reduce group commissions too, none of those lower group commission levels are in place yet, and I think they will be rolling in for some other companies effective in the fall or the first of the year. And so that will have a little bit of a dynamic to the way group business is booked. Having said that, I think, many of the end consumers for group business are maybe not ambivalent about what the group commission levels are, but they're going to be much more interested in where they should hold their meeting, both in terms of services and facilities and we think we'll continue to compete very well in that space.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. We love the optimism in your question and we have the same optimism. We think going to one set of channel platform, so that's the websites and the apps and the rest of it as well as one loyalty program, all of which happens August 18, will be a powerful positive for the system. As we mentioned, we won't get to one name for the loyalty program until sometime early in 2019 but we will have one program as of the 18th of August. That means of course that loyalty members can get credit for elite status or stays in the Marriott and Starwood Hotels. Previously, you had to earn your status in one platform or the other. It also means that points being earned and points being redeemed don't need to be transferred between accounts. And maybe most powerfully, it means that customers will show up on our website and they will see the whole portfolio instead of having to toggle back and forth between two different portfolios. We think all of those should drive increased share of wallet greater strength in the loyalty program. We'll be looking at measures like size of the loyalty program, number of members. We'll be looking at contribution of the loyalty program to hotels and we'll of course be looking at RevPAR index. It is a very hard thing to predict what the upside is going to be, but we're optimistic that we will see a greater strength from this stronger loyalty program and we'll do our best to communicate with you about the actual results we achieve. One other thing I'd mention. We don't think we're done on the cost side. Leeny mentioned the 60 basis points margin growth in both international markets and the U.S. market in Q2. That is we think very strong performance given the relatively modest RevPAR levels. We've also got some further cost synergies which we'll be rolling out to the hotels in the balance of 2018 and we know that we're going to deliver efficiencies into 2019 and 2020. So we want very much to drive both top line and margin improvement for the portfolio of hotels in the next couple of years.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. So we've seen a few of those comments and seen a couple of references to this in some of the early notes that were published. And I'll try not to go on too long here, but I want to make sure that we talk about this a little bit. The best indication obviously about the way the hotels are performing is RevPAR index numbers. And as we've talked about for the last few years RevPAR index is a rollup of each hotel's performance against typically the five or six hotels that are most relevant in their competitive set. Typically those are going to be similarly positioned in the chain scales in the same geographic market. Sometimes, if they're in the luxury space, or they're in the group space the geography could be a little bit broader in order to get hotels that are similar. But they're the hotels that have been picked by Marriott and by the owners to say, okay, this is the group that is most germane to assessing the relative performance of this hotel. And as we said in our prepared remarks, we have increased index about 120 basis points over the last 12 months, which, with a portfolio of this size and the kind of work that's been underway on integration and all the other things that is underway here at Marriott is fabulously strong results. And again, the loyalty program has not been merged yet, so we think we've got upside ahead of us. I think, also, you can look at a little less precise data, but you can look at RevPAR growth for the Legacy-Marriott Hotels and the Legacy-Starwood Hotels, because interesting to note that the Legacy-Starwood Hotels are posting RevPAR growth numbers that are comparable, if not, even a little bit higher than the Legacy-Marriott Hotels. One last thing before getting to the comments that have been made by some other companies. We have a portfolio of hotels, about 70 hotels, if memory serves, that we describe as our convention resort network. And they tend to be the big hotels. They are the ones most reliant on the sales force, because they are most reliant on group. And when we look at the performance of those hotels, both Legacy-Marriott and Legacy-Starwood Hotels, we see RevPAR index up a full point in the last three months and a bit more than a full point in the last 12 months. So all of that would say there is nothing systemically that we see that would suggest the integration is sort of negatively impacting the system. Now, we've seen the comments made. I won't go through each one of them and I'm not going to name which hotel even I'm talking about, but I thought it was interesting that one of the companies talked about a specific hotel and its relatively soft performance in Q2. We know by looking backwards that that hotel had weak group bookings on the books well before Marriott acquired Starwood for these periods in 2018. And in fact in the second quarter of 2018 that hotel had an increase in bookings for future periods of 38% compared to prior times. And that's the first quarter when they had the new integrated sales force working for it. And so, again, each hotel is going to have a different story. We're not saying for a second that there couldn't be circumstances in which there has been staffing implications to the integration that's been done or there have been distractions or there have been other issues. But what we see generally across the system is not an integration impact to the performance that we've had, but just the reverse, a remarkable strength in the midst of all the change which is underway.
Arne M. Sorenson: ...I mean we do not think there is any impact in Q3 or Q4. So to the extent anybody's thinking the Q3 or Q4 guidance numbers we've put out there are somehow lower than they would be because of integration concerns, that is not the case.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. So a few questions in there. But interestingly and maybe a little bit ironically, the deletions we actually experienced in Q2 were half as many rooms as we experienced in Q1. And so as much as we would – it might be more concrete to be able to look at the higher deletion number and what actually happened in Q2, the higher deletion guidance, we've given you is really based on what we anticipate in Q3 and Q4. The Dubai hotels that you referenced are not in the Q2 numbers because they actually were not de-flagged until July 1, if I remember right or July 31. Actually we're at August 8 – we're in August now right. So yeah, end of July, so that will be a Q3 number. What we're anticipating in Q3 and Q4 and it's based on discussions underway as much as some decisions that have already been made and implemented is that for a mix of reasons we're going to see a bit higher deletions. The two – we've tried to call out and I maybe babbled on too long a little bit and clouded this, but product quality is certainly a piece of it and we are being tougher on that. I think another – a point that we have called out is there were a number of workout discussions that Starwood had not resolved, I think in part simply because of the pendency of our deal or the sale of that company. And our teams have been working with owners to try and get those resolved. And those discussions sometimes lead to hotels leaving the system as opposed to staying in. The only last thing I'd say, I think and I don't want to be Pollyannaish about this, but when you look at something like what happened in Dubai, we are confident that each of the three brands we had represented there will be replaced with product that we can be very proud of in that market in the fairly near-term.
Arne M. Sorenson: We obviously haven't built our 2019 budget. I do think that the deletions at 2% are likely to go back down into that 1% to 1.5% range and you should not view 2% as being the sort of new expectation.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. I hope I understand your question, Dave. And I mean, we've got, obviously, Marriott, Sheraton, Westin, we've also got JW Marriott and Delta all in the upper upscale full service space. Obviously, those brands come from two different legacy portfolios and they were often competing head-to-head. Now each of those brands would have said that they were better than the competitors' brands in the same space. They're all now part of ours and if what you're getting at is, how do we essentially target each of those brands to minimize both customer confusion and, I guess, the overlap, that's what our brand teams are hard at work at. And they're hard at work at it with our owners and franchise partners. Sheraton is the one we've talked about the most, because Sheraton has needed it the most. And I think what we're seeing is good buy-in from our owners and franchisees to move the average quality of the Sheraton portfolio up meaningfully from what it was when we closed on the acquisition of Starwood. It probably, on average, will be a fraction lower than where the core Marriott brand is. But that – stress the words on average, because depending on the market we will have one that's positioned a little bit differently than another. That's the – obviously, by definition, full service hotels have been opened and developed over many decades and location will still feel quite important to this. And that's a comment that could easily be applied to the brands that have got a bit more of a lifestyle flavor too. We've got Renaissance and Méridien that are both, also, in this full service space and they are each being positioned true to the heritage that they've had. And again, I think we're making really good progress on it. And you can look at this and say it's a monumental task to get these brands with some distinctions between them. But we can also look at them and say, it's an extraordinary opportunity to have this kind of distribution in an economically significant space and a space which is really important for our loyalty members and our group customers to have some choice and to have the kind of product and services that we can deliver across this portfolio. So we wouldn't want to be without any single one of these brands.
Arne M. Sorenson: I wouldn't interpret what we've said as expecting an acceleration. What we're expecting is very much steady as she goes. Adjusted for calendar and comparison issues we see RevPAR for the first two quarters and the last two quarters of 2018 as essentially equivalent at about 2.5%.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, we've got the July 4th timing in Q3 and there may be some – can't remember where the Jewish holidays are hitting and exactly how they're hitting. I know our pinpoint calculation for Q3 and Q4 are 0.2 apart which to be fair is a smaller gap than our accuracy.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. And I wouldn't attribute that mostly to a Legacy-Starwood portfolio. I think that the – what 14,000 rooms we deleted I think in the quarter? I think we should pull that out. 13,000 or 14,000 that we pulled out of the pipeline and our team calls through that. I won't say necessarily that every quarter is as intense as the last one. But we were pretty aggressive in this quarter in going through and found in both the Legacy-Starwood brands and Legacy-Marriott brands that there were projects that had not moved fast enough. And so, we pulled them out of the portfolio. And it does a few – in some respects this is not – it's a little bit bigger number than a typical quarter would be, maybe meaningfully bigger. But it's not a totally unusual thing to discover that, the best laid plans maybe are not coming to fruition with an owner someplace. And I think in the environment that we're in today, we've got still plenty of available capital to invest in new projects. Availability of debt probably is still plentiful, but equity requirements are maybe a little bit higher than they were before. And construction costs are a little bit higher than they were before. And so you end up with some folks who maybe signed that deal a-year-or-two ago and they haven't moved forward and ultimately they tell us they're not planning to move forward on it. We just assume, call it out so that we've got that market to pursue with somebody else.
Arne M. Sorenson: We will continue to look at opportunities that are available. I think as it relates to NH in particular, what – looks like Hyatt discovered is Bill Heinecke has that company reasonably well tied up. So I don't think there's much point in talking about that one, as if we would anyway.
Arne M. Sorenson: But we'll see. We're, obviously, appreciative of the way the Starwood deal has gone so far. We're also very appreciative of the way the organic growth story is going. But as we sit here today, our share of the global hotel business is still not particularly huge. And so, I think there's plenty of opportunity to continue to grow.
Arne M. Sorenson: Leeny may have something specific on this, but let me just say, on the short term a hotel leaving the system, we may lose management or franchise fees, we may gain in the short-term termination fees. And so, when you look at it, for example, in 2018 I'm not sure there's much impact. You look at it longer term, obviously, there is impact because those fees have left the system. I don't know, Leeny, if you've got the numbers.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. So it's a good question. It's obviously something we've been focused on, not just since we closed the deal, but since we announced the deal. And at the moment we announced in the fall of 2015, we heard loud and clear from the SPG loyalists, we love this program and make sure you protect it for us. And it has been a steady set of decisions and conversations since then, which have been aimed very much at doing that. Even before we closed on Starwood, we did a couple of things to the Marriott Rewards Program to send the message to the SPG loyalists that we were going to protect some of their benefits. And they included things like late checkout, which had not existed on the Marriott Rewards side before, but we said rather than simply say it to the SPG folks that we're going to do it, they would believe it more if we actually did it on the Marriott Rewards side. And there were other similar decisions that we made in that sort of timeframe. I think when we got to the day of closing we also did a number of things. I think one of the most important was the 3:1 points conversion ratio between SPG and Marriott Rewards, which I think the SPG members looked at and said, you know that's a very fair conversion and it does well for us and so we appreciate that. And then I think in the last, what, nine months or so probably most intensively, we have focused on the economics of the program, which very much depend also on the economics of the credit cards. And with better credit card deals we have found that we can deliver great value to the elite members and the basic members of both loyalty programs. We can deliver it at reduced expense to the hotels, therefore benefiting the hotel owners and franchisees. And Marriott obviously can experience an increase in the credit card contribution to its own P&L. And while it would be too much to say that every single Marriott Rewards or SPG member has stood up and applauded, I think what we've heard from the bulk of that community is you've made a collection of decisions that caused us to feel very good about that program. And that's what we've intended and I think we'll prove it in the way that ultimately it is used by our well over 100 million members and growing.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, no. We love those elite folks and the Ambassador program we've expanded into the Marriott side of the equation too because we think it is exactly the right kind of step for these most valuable customers. And so we're doing that. And again, you take this a day at a time in some ways and we won't really have proven it until we get to one program and have it working. But I think the decisions that have been made are exactly the right ones. And I think the community as a whole is responding extraordinarily well to it.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yes obviously, we're all listening to the trade talk, I think and it is anxiety producing in many respects. I think what we've seen in terms of trading conditions for open hotels in China has been very comforting, performing well. There's no sign that the trade conversation is impacting performance. And what we've seen on the development side has equally been reassuring, in that in part undoubtedly because of strong hotel performance for existing and open hotels, there continues to be a development appetite for Chinese real-estate investors. Remember our business is substantially Chinese in that of the hotels we have opened in China, I can think of one that's not owned by a Chinese company. And so the book of the economics are very much driven for the benefit of Chinese investors, real-estate investors. They are often government affiliated companies but not always. And as a consequence, we may be in a somewhat different place in a trade kind of conversation than the typical industry. I think personally my larger fear about the trade war potential is what it could do to GDP growth in the United States and to some extent what it could do to the cost for construction materials in the United States and in other markets around the world. And that certainly has not seemed to manifest itself yet in U.S. GDP numbers. It probably is starting to manifest itself in terms of some materials that are used for construction, but it's early on in that process, we'll have to see how it evolves.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, I mean, you've heard from them directly, obviously, and I'd be – be inappropriate for me to speak for all of them, because I think their views are not monolithic. Interesting to note that one of the companies we heard talk about this in their public call had never raised the performance of the hotel that they raised in the call with us. So as a consequence, our team hadn't really had a chance to engage in the dialogue with them. I think generally, though, and even what we've seen in the conversations over the last week or two, generally you see, even in those comments that the impact is viewed as transitory. They remain supportive of the transaction. They remain supportive of the notion that this transaction is going to deliver a significant value to them from top line and bottom line synergies. And even, I think, more of this concern has been raised with respect to Legacy-Starwood Hotels and I think a number of those folks have said, we still believe that the Legacy-Starwood Hotels may benefit disproportionately from Marriott and Starwood coming together. And so, we don't hear this as – obviously, we hear something. We hear the words that are being used and we don't want to say that there can't be instances in which there is some impact or there shouldn't be conversations to make sure we understand this as well as we possibly can understand it. But when you look at the system as a whole, we do not see it showing up in our data. We don't see it in the RevPAR index numbers. We don't see it in the RevPAR year-over-year growth numbers. We don't see it in what the customers are telling us about the way they're booking. And we'll do everything within our power to make sure that that continues to be the case. And then in the meantime we'll deal with the owners who called out concerns with respect to particular hotels and say, let's make sure we understand them and make whatever decision needs to be made in order to have those hotels perform as well as they can perform.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. I'm not sure it is. I think we can say that we've been talking about 1% to 1.5% deletions for a while. I think actually last year we were closer to 1% than 1.5%. And so in a sense, we were positively surprised and maybe this is a little bit of a reversion to the mean in 2018. But I'm not sure, we can say much more than what we've already said. I think 1% to 1.5% for now and again we will get to a point where we share a multiyear plan with you all again at some point here. But until we get to next year's budget or until we get to a analyst conference, I think 1% to 1.5% still should be your expectation for the foreseeable future.
Arne M. Sorenson: But that booking is done in 2018 for the first six months, that's not pace for all bookings from all time for future periods.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah. So thanks for raising it. Just as a reminder for everybody we launched about 90 to 120 days ago maybe a pilot in London under the name Tribute Homes. It is a relatively small pilot in a sense that there are about 200 homes that are connected to our system. And they are bigger than studio apartments. They're bigger than hotel rooms, they're whole home products. So it's a product which feels different to us from both what we have in the traditional hotel space and what the typical product is that a number of the home-sharing companies are focused on. And we wanted to provide loyalty linkage and we wanted to provide a set of services that would make it more predictable and more consistent with sort of a brand promise if you will. So, not just key delivery services, but housekeeping services and designing the core services which are delivered by our partner in London. And it we think allows us to distinguish a little bit both in terms of size and in quality from sort of the average home sharing thing, small pilot though. So far it's going great. Our loyalty customers seem to like it. Not surprisingly, it is predominantly a leisure buy. Not surprisingly, because it's a leisure buy, it's only London obviously it is a bit longer stay than we anticipated. So the stay we're experiencing is closer to five nights on average which is a little bit longer than we anticipated. And the customer feedback has generally been quite good. So we don't have anything to announce yet in terms of other markets, but it's certainly something we'll take a look at.
Arne M. Sorenson: When you look at – if you add property to it, it's about three-quarters of our business. It's coming through our channels. Maybe 70% would be our channel. So that would be calling the hotel, calling our call centers and our digital platforms whether they'd be the dotcom sites or the apps. I think what we've seen over the last number of years is that the digital channels have grown substantially. The voice channels including our own voice channels have declined, we're likely to see those trends continue and we do think for the reasons we discussed earlier about share of wallet having all the hotels show up in one platform that we should be able to drive enhanced growth in the digital platforms because everything will be there. We don't have a forecast for you on where those numbers are going.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, it's still new in the process. JPMorgan Chase has rolled out the new Visa Card and the customer response has been great. They're in market. Amex will not roll out its new product until later this month. I think roughly the end of August. I don't remember precisely the date. And so, we don't have the customer reaction there yet. But all things considered we feel quite good about the strength of the program and the likelihood that it's going to grow in the future.
Arne M. Sorenson: All right. Well, thank you very much. Thank you everybody for your time and attention on the call. We appreciate your interest in Marriott and look forward to welcoming you into our hotels wherever your travel takes you.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Sure. I think certainly definitionally I'm not going to pretend to know how they're included. As you know conversions can wander into your pipeline and stay there for a year-and-a-half, if there's a meaningful amount of work that needs to be done before it opens or it can literally flip overnight. So we're still in the land where we think a 15% to 20% of our room openings come from conversions, which has been consistent over time that that's the way it's been, when you think about our Autograph brand as a terrific example and our other soft brands are just terrific pipeline for us. But again in those situations they very often don't enter into the pipeline.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: And believe it or not, there can also be quarter-to-quarter a day of week shift just in terms of how many Tuesday nights there are versus how many Sunday nights there are and that also is a little bit of a factor between Q3 and Q4.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: So a couple of numbers for you, Joe. And we're certainly – kind of diving down into how much is from workouts versus product, we don't have that level of detail. And as you know, there are a whole host of different reasons. But let's just kind of talk broadly. Termination fees have generally run, call it, $15 million to $20 million a year. I think this year we are likely to be as much as double that, maybe even a little bit more based on the numbers that you heard us talk about today. So from that perspective you're clearly getting the extra kick. In the back half of the year, we did reduce our fees by close to $5 million as a result of the terminations that we expect to have this year. So that is impacting this year's earnings. When you then think about full year 2019 just to give you a broad sense of what the full year terminations could impact. If you're talking about again call it very roughly 2% then you could imagine that it could impact hotel fees next year by a bit less than that because some of these hotels aren't necessarily giving a lot of fees, so somewhere between 1% to 2% of hotel fees that will be lost as a result of 2% terminations this year.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Sure. So if you kind of take the 2015 full year combined company adjusted for inflation and then using our current expectation for the full year of 2018 and adjust out for the $55 million, it's pretty much close to on the button in terms of hitting the $250 million.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Sure. All right. Let me do the second one first and then I'll talk about the synergies. Today, we own 14 hotels. They're split half and half between Legacy MI and Legacy-Starwood. We are as you know still completely devoted to our asset-light model and continue to be engaged in selling those hotels. They are as you might imagine not predictable in terms of the timing of those. So that's why as usual we leave those out of any guidance going forward, but we certainly are still going at it. On the G&A synergy side, I think the low hanging fruit has definitely been taken. When we look forward if you look at a global economy continuing to stay strong, clearly around the world you've got some wage pressure that you have to take into consideration when you look at kind of how it might go in 2019. Certainly, as I talked about on the last quarter's call when you take out the $55 million – when you include the $55 million this year you can imagine that next year G&A is lower than this year's printed number. But you also kind of finding other big chunks of synergies I think is probably not realistic, but I think continuing to be more and more efficient is. So we will continue to go after that.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: So first of all, I'll say we haven't done our budgets yet for 2019, so it would be interesting to give you an expectation for the actual – the lost revenue overall for owned, leased. But on the hotels that we're selling this year, we can get you that number. I don't have a total here. We'll work on it and get it to you.
