Leeny Oberg: Yeah, sure. So it's really a modest amount of G&A but it's just worth noting in the year-over-year comparison in Q1, that as we expect all of those hotels to transition on to Marriott systems that will all be done in Q1. When we think about the same contribution, as we've talked about before, Joe, they will be coming on in Q1 and we expect that business to ramp up over the year. And there's not a particular number that I would give you now, but just a reflection that it is related to a percentage of the hotel revenue that fits into our franchise fee model as a result of a license agreement over the year.
Leeny Oberg: Yeah, no, no, it's a good clarification question, Joe. That 500 million is cash out the door and we would expect that to occur in Q4 of 2024. But to help you understand what we're really considering capital investment, we wanted to clarify to say that 200 million of the 500 million relates to the purchase of the underlying land on the Sheraton Grand Chicago. And so that is in CAPEX, while the rest reflects a liability that we established on the balance sheets, frankly, years ago as part of the overall transaction. So it does obviously impact our available cash for the year, but it is in there. And when you think about unidentified capital expenditures in that number of the 1 to 1.2, which really is quite modest.
Leeny Oberg: Yes. No, thanks Smedes very much. No, I appreciate that. Yes, tax rate is probably the biggest item when you think about it. First of all, just remember that in 2023 there is the reality of this extra termination fee. So when you look at year-over-year growth, that then impacts how you look at 2024 over 2023. And so if you adjust out for the odd balls of both the litigation reserve and the performance, the termination fee, and you take into consideration that we've got probably about a one point higher book tax rate, and I do emphasize it's a book tax rate rather than cash. Our cash tax rate is essentially staying the same, thanks to the great work that the team has done in working through our global tax planning. But when you look at it from a book perspective, it's about a point higher overall. And you put those together and you can do your math there, and that is where you then get to something that looks from an adjusted EPS that looks on 2024 that looks close to double digits.
Leeny Oberg: Just to be clear, that was on the transient side. On the group side, we're actually, as we talked about on the group pace, it's really still a very strong number. And I think to me, one of the interesting things is we're now getting back to some of the way it looked before where 75% of the group that is on -- that is -- that we're expecting in 2024, is already on the books, which if you look at that a year ago, that was only 65%. So it still really points out that, with this 11% pace that we're looking at for 2024 and 12% for 2025 in the U.S., that actually the corporate group as well as the other types of group is still quite strong.
Leeny Oberg: Right. So this is really largely about timing. We've taken you through the litigation reserve. And then there's obviously the usual quarter-to-quarter fluctuations that reflect everything from closing deals and travel expense to, as you probably remember, when we go back to Q1 of 2023, we were still in the process of getting back to being fully staffed, which then ramps up during the year. And then as you know, the performance compensation -- performance-related compensation then takes into consideration how the company is doing against its targets. And you put all those together and the constant analysis of your positions of receivables from all of your hotels around the world and just really reflects some timing of when they fell in Q3 versus Q4. And there again, when you think about looking at next year, you do see that we're talking about flat to up 2%, which really reflects that there were a number of items this year.
Leeny Oberg: And just a reminder that when we go through the process, a lot of what we're trying to do at the security analyst meeting is to help you understand a range from a modeling perspective, and it's done before we go through the budgeting process. So actually, as you know, we ended up with a really strong year in 2023. And when we look at it overall from a growth in our hotel revenue system, we're right where we would have expected to be and very pleased about the demand that we're seeing both on the arc [ph] and rate side as we look into 2024.
Leeny Oberg: Yes, definitely not from an MGM perspective. I think as we talked about the fundamental model still actually works very well. We had a couple of anomalies going on in 2023 but when you think about it broadly, the fundamental model of RevPAR plus fees continues to work fine. We've got the reality that, when you think about putting together the RevPAR scenario, you're getting benefit across the Board from the growth in the rooms as well as from IMF. And as you saw, we're talking about really strong continued IMF growth. And then, of course, the reflection that our non-RevPAR fees are expected to grow 9% to 10% in 2024. So I don't expect the fundamental kind of growth and fee algorithm to be different than we've talked about before.
Leeny Oberg: I would say very little, in terms of the basic equation. I mean, frankly, 2023 ended up being very strong. And if you think about the guidance that we gave, we ended up higher than the high end of what we gave in the Security Analyst Meeting by $6 million. So you are starting off with a higher base. And then again, we're looking, a lot of the numbers that we talked about at the Security Analyst Meeting were over a three-year time frame, and now we're being able to give you more specificity about 2024. But the fundamental about RevPAR growth plus net rooms growth, some operating leverage, continues to work. One thing I do think is interesting, when you look back at G&A as a percentage of fees, which being a fee-driven business, that is I think, the best relationship given the fluctuations in owned/leased as we sell hotels, and that is you look at 2019, we are in G&A as a percentage of gross fees around close to 25%. And the numbers that we've given you today show that number having dropped down to under 20%, which I think does show you the continued operating leverage that we're getting out of --.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. So let me comment on a couple of things. First of all, when we think about special corporate rates, you've heard us talk about kind of continued building of that demand. And while it's not back to 2019 levels, it is continuing to at the margin grow a little bit faster. And we had high single-digit growth rate in that segment in 2023, and we're looking at strong mid-single-digit rate growth in that segment in 2024. So that is absolutely -- as you look at that, plus the group strength, which when I think about the group pace of that 11%, I would say, between rooms and ADR, that is probably two thirds, one third rooms and ADR. So you're still seeing some very nice growth there. So clearly, the premium segment is, I think, going to be the biggest beneficiary of that increase in demand. On the select service side, you saw that segment really come out of COVID the fastest and one that has moderated, as you've seen towards the end of this year. We would expect that to be Steady Eddy, but not really get the benefit of some of the things that I just mentioned. And then we continue to expect to see luxury continue to do really well. And so there is opportunity there, both on the rate and OCC side. But I think the two areas I mentioned before are probably the ones to highlight as you think about the tiers.
Leeny Oberg: Yes. So 31% for the full year in U.S. and Canada versus 56%. However, there's really as you remember, there was a big change in our limited service portfolio as a result of the HPT Hotels leaving the system. So full-service hotels in 2023, 40% of our managed full service hotels were earning IMFs in the U.S., 45% at peak, really limited services, the big change of 19% in 2023 versus 66% in 2019. But many of those hotels are no longer in our system. Then when you look at international, it's really overwhelmingly quite similar as to when it was in 2019. So for the entire company, at 2023 68% are earning IMFs, versus 72%. And if you adjust for that limited service portfolio that I discussed, it was 70% in 2019. So we're really getting to quite similar levels. And as I said, international is really overwhelmingly the same as it was in 2019.
Leeny Oberg: I'd just add one thing that I think kind of helps frame your question, and that is when we look at our overall growth in rooms in Asia Pacific, we're in the high single digits, that we're looking at both in 2023 and 2024, including China and Asia Pacific outside of China. Just really strong demand for our brands across the various scales.
Leeny Oberg: Yes. No, I think you make a good point. As Tony talked about in his response to the question about the financing environment, there's no doubt that financing availability for new build construction of hotels is limited. And the strong brands get the most of it, but you've got some uncertainty around bank capital regulations, etcetera. So it is clearly down meaningfully from the kind of pace of new build that was in 2019. I think what you have seen on the goods side is that our conversions as a percentage of room signings has gone up meaningfully, and we look forward to that continuing. But yes, I hope that that is the case and that we're kind of seeing a bit of an air pocket in the U.S. as we talked about, outside the U.S., not as dependent. I will call out Europe, which also has a lot of the same characteristics as the U.S. on the new build construction side. But we are really pleased with what we're seeing on the StudioRes demand side and ability to start getting those shovels in the ground. And so there, we are hopeful that you'll start to see that pace pick up as the construction costs, the demand side continues to be very strong, as well as financing ability improves.
Leeny Oberg: Well, some great questions. And as we have said for a long time, we've been very consistent in our message about really always being willing to entertain the way that we grow. We have grown very successfully, both in terms of tuck-in brand acquisitions as well as growing organic new brands, and growing that way around the world. We will continue to do that. We also are going to stay very price disciplined in terms of looking at both the price that you would be paying for the existing distribution as well as for the growth opportunities. We are really aware of looking at where something could add something unique to our portfolio, whether it is in a certain part of the world, as we did with the City Express deal, that really was a tremendous way for us to enter the mid-scale space in a really attractive market like Mexico, at an absolutely reasonable price. So I think in that regard, you got to look at all the elements. And what's out there, as you know, depends very much all the sellers' expectations of what they're looking for. I would say that, over time, we hope to see that those opportunities continue to be there and that we're going to remain as disciplined as we have before in looking at them.
Leeny Oberg: Yes, very similar. A great mix. Always welcoming new owners into our stable of owners and franchisees. But I would say, when I think about the StudioRes, some of the blend of what we're seeing in terms of the what I call the onesies and twosies where somebody is kind of in a particular market, been very successful and wants to build a hotel there, I would say many of them in the StudioRes space reflect multi-unit expectations on the part of partners of ours who we've been working with for a long time.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. So first of all, I want to kind of be clear. The difference between the growth rates between 2023 and 2024 I would not expect to be very different across the credit cards. They grew 9% to 10% in 2023, and we would expect them to do fairly similarly in 2024. That is overwhelmingly a function of increase in the number of cardholders. As you've heard us talk about, we've been really successful in adding credit cards in a number of countries. We really expanded that program quite a bit and in some of the markets, I'll point out Japan as an example, we've just seen really wonderful acceptance of the Bonvoy credit card. So in that respect, I'd say the growth that we would expect in those fees comes overwhelmingly from additional -- having additional cardholders. And then overall, a really very small amount related to a typical cardholder spend. Now when I look at overall non-RevPAR fees, I think that's where it gets a little bit interesting, because you were dealing with things like residential where you see residential branding fees tied to when those units open for occupancy. So they're quite lumpy. So as I explained in Q1, we expect them to be meaningfully lower in Q1 than Q1 in 2023, while for the full year, we actually are seeing that business do very well. And we expect year-over-year to see fantastic growth in branding fees overall for the year in 2024 over 2023. So when you look overall at the non-RevPAR fees, we're excited about to see them continue to grow at these roughly double-digit sorts of numbers for another year.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. So let me -- I'm going to do the last question first, and then, at some point, Tony, feel free to jump in to add more color. But let's first talk about Delemex [ph], which we're really excited about our relationship there, where there is a terrific large hospitality company in China, and we're looking forward to having the opportunity to convert a number of hotels. And we actually didn't give a time frame. So it would just be as part of our normal growth in China and as we look at our overall rooms growth, so there's not a particular kind of specific sort of 10, 20, 30, 40 basis points associated with the conversion of a number of those hotels into tributes. We are again really excited about working with them on the opportunity, but it's just part of our overall rooms growth. As I said, the signings that we're seeing in Greater China are very encouraging both in 2023 and as we move into 2024. That's really in addition to what you're talking to about the Delemex [ph] deal and that is where I talked about the rooms growth in Asia in the high single digits, which again is just a great reflection of the desire for our brands. When you ask about the basic CAGR for rooms growth relative to the Security Analyst Meeting that we made in September, I think you really have to kind of go back to what Tony said in his earlier comment, is that these deals can be lumpy, whether it's City Express, whether it's MGM, whether it's a large conversion deal that we do. And so you really need to think about the numbers that we gave that were 5% to 5.5% for the three-year CAGR, which we continue to be really confident and excited about. We ended up a little bit higher on our net rooms growth in 2023 than the 4.2 to 4.5 range that we gave. And that's really a reflection of the steady strong demand for our brands. So that then when we look at the MGM and the continuation of turning these rooms from our pipeline into openings, we actually see it as being essentially the same as where we were back at the SAM [ph]. And then again, you have to kind of be looking at it not solely within the context of one year.
Anthony Capuano: Oh, of course. So, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks on the heels of a record signings year, it's more anecdotal than anything else. But in terms of deal volume through the first month of the year it's really encouraging. And we're seeing strong momentum both on submissions for new build projects around the world as well as continued really encouraging momentum on the conversion side. In terms of the environment coming out of the Alice, I'm going to ramble here a little bit, because I think there are both some positives and negatives that we heard from the owner and franchisee community about their expectations for 2024. On the positive side of the ledger, as you point out, there is a sense that there will be continued relief on the interest rate side as we get in particularly the back half of 2024. There is an expectation maybe in parallel, but the hotel transaction market will start to be a bit more active in the back half of the year as well. And while there is still admittedly some gap in the bid and the ask between sellers and buyers, it feels like that gap is continuing to narrow, which will likely lead we expect to a little more active transaction environment, which has always historically been good news for us on the conversion front.  When you pivot to the more challenging side of the ledger, you do still have lenders thinking about compliance with proposed regulatory environment that will perhaps impact their ability to really open the faucet in terms of the amount of debt to date and debt financing that they make available for new construction. But there again, it's one of the reasons we're so enthusiastic about our entry into midscale. When we talk to our franchise partners on the midscale front, they feel like the size of those commitments is something that they're going to have a decent measure of success in procuring debt.  And then the last thing I would remind you is the obvious debt, while we stayed very focused on the availability of debt and its impact on our growth trajectory, that is largely a U.S., Canada, and Western Europe attribute. When you look at the pace of growth we're seeing across Asia Pacific, across the Middle East, that growth does not seem to be particularly impacted by the ups and downs, the availability of debt.  I think you also had a question about construction costs and so maybe I'll expand my answer a little bit. When we think about potential impediments to growth, the availability of debt is the one that I think we're most focused on. Supply chain issues, which we were talking with you about a year ago, are not nearly as severe as we saw several quarters ago. Construction costs have come down a little bit and they're rising year-over-year at lower rates than we saw a year or two ago. So on that front, I think we're pretty encouraged. But it's really the ability to source debt for new construction is the area that Leeny and the team are most focused on.
Anthony Capuano: Yes, of course. So really, my comment was that, let me break it down into two buckets. When I talked about business transient, the small and medium sized corporates, the demand coming out of those groups continues to be quite robust. And my comment about large corporates lagging is really sort of in reference to a pre-pandemic environment. But with that said, we continue to see incremental growth even coming out of the large corporates quarter-over-quarter.
Anthony Capuano: Yes. So Richard, maybe I'll take the NAV question first. As we talked a little bit when we were together in Miami, we continue to think that, as you consider NAV it is less constructive to look at a single year and much more instructive to look at rooms growth over a multiyear period. In some ways, the MGM rooms coming into the system slipping from the back of 2023 into early 2024 is the best illustration of that. Notwithstanding MGM sliding into 2024, as you know, we ended up a little higher than anticipated in 2023 at 4.7% net unit growth. We expect to be at a meaningfully higher number this year because of the impact of the MGM openings. And when we look at the three-year CAGR that we discussed at the security analyst conference, we continue to be very confident in our ability to deliver that mid-single-digit range of about 5% to 5.5%. Then I think just on a more macro basis, we've not made any major changes in terms of our longer-term outlook. We obviously have a little more visibility and clarity into this year. Now that the teams around the world have gone through all their numbers, but we've really not revisited anything beyond 2024 and continue to be quite confident in what we talked about from a RevPAR perspective.
Anthony Capuano: And I might just build on that a little bit. And as for those of you that have been covering us for a long time, you know there's a phrase that guides almost everything we do. That phrase being success is never final. And while we are very encouraged by the continued improvement in the G&A ratio, you can rest assured that as a principal focus area for the senior leadership team, with an eye towards continuing to improve that efficiency.
Anthony Capuano: And I might build on that last luxury comment from Leeny. You heard in my opening remarks about the momentum we have in extending our lead and luxury from a footprint perspective. And fourth quarter 2023 versus fourth quarter 2022 on a global basis, we saw luxury RevPAR up 10%. And so we continue to see pretty compelling economics in the luxury segment and are excited about the growth we're seeing in terms of our industry-leading footprint.
Anthony Capuano: Yes. So we continue to see the momentum on the development side in China that we talked about a quarter or two ago, both in terms of what I would call intake, meaning the volume of MOUs that we're signing, the volume of new deals that we're improving. But just as compelling in terms of driving opening volume, during the pandemic we saw a variety of projects across the pipeline pause construction. And we're seeing the vast majority of those paused projects back under construction moving towards opening. So I think on early pipeline, if you will, approved and signed deals and under construction deals, we see encouraging trends in all three of those categories.
Anthony Capuano: And I might just build on that comment about mid-scale. It's -- Leeny and I tend to climb over each other with enthusiasm to talk about mid-scale. We think there's a tremendous market opportunity from a demand perspective. There is a deep appetite from our franchise community. We think the cost of developing mid-scale will help our partners navigate what is still a challenging financing environment. And the other thing that is exciting to us, you'll recall the last number of quarters, in select service broadly, we talked about a lengthening of the construction cycle. Leeny and I were both down in Fort Myers putting a shovel in the ground for the first StudioRes. And our partners there talked about an expectation of opening that hotel in at most 13 months with an eye trying -- towards trying to get it open in 12 months. And so the ability to get mid-scale deals signed, shovels -- financed, shovels in the ground and open more quickly than what we've seen with a lot of other tiers in our portfolio, is another factor in our enthusiasm for our entry into midscale.
Anthony Capuano: Yes. So Leeny and I were both in Las Vegas this past weekend for Super Bowl, and so I'll make a couple of comments. Number one, when you look at the vibrancy of that market, you look at how effectively the city was able to accommodate an event like that. You likely heard the NFL Commissioner talking about how anxious the league is to get back to Las Vegas. I think both of us left the market really enthusiastic about what this partnership is going to offer our guests around the world and our Bonvoy members. In terms of your specific question, as we talked about when we announced the transaction, it is a creative opportunity for us where I think you will continue to see lots of activity for us is in traditional conversions, but in the category of multiunit conversions. You heard us a quarter ago talk about a terrific multiunit conversion in Vietnam with a partner called Vinpearl, and our teams around the world are actively working on a number of multiunit conversions. To the extent, a unique opportunity like MGM presents itself, I think we'll roll up our sleeves and see if we can make sense of it. We're really excited about what MGM does for Bonvoy and if those sorts of opportunities present themselves, we are certainly open to pursuing.
Anthony Capuano: I'll just build on Leeny's comment. I think this historical blend of considering acquisitions where we think they fill an opportunity in our brand architecture or accelerate our growth in a geography where we're not happy with our pace of organic growth, but also looking at the launch of organic platforms, is a strategy that has served us well and a strategy that will continue to guide our thinking about adding new platforms. It's interesting, I was looking at some numbers last night. Autograph, which was a platform in the soft brand space that we launched from scratch, between the open and pipeline, we have more than 400 hotels. And AC by Marriott, which was a platform that we acquired in Spain, that at time of acquisition I think, had 80 or 90 hotels, today between open and pipeline has nearly 400 hotels. And so there are a variety of strategies to add compelling platforms to the portfolio, and we'll continue to look at both.
Anthony Capuano: Sure. So conversions have always been an important part of our growth story, in a climate where the debt markets for new construction are somewhat constricted, the importance of conversions is elevated. As we talked about in the opening, really compelling numbers in 2023 with 25% of our openings and 40% of our signings in the conversion category. They are coming in terms of type of project, pretty typical of what we've seen over the last number of years. A good mixture of conversions from other brands and with such a compelling stack of soft brands with Luxury Collection, Autograph, and Tribute. Lots of conversions coming from the world of independents as well. From a geographical perspective, not necessarily a shift in strategy, but we are seeing in, for instance, some of the Asia Pacific markets, which historically had been disproportionately new build, we are seeing some uptick in conversion activity. Our pursuit of conversion opportunities is quite deliberate, and it's resulting in deals like the one I mentioned earlier in Vietnam.
Anthony Capuano: And Robin, I think the only other question embedded was about conversion volume. And we mentioned in the open that our openings in 2023 were about 25% conversions. Even if you look at 2024 expected openings ex MGM, we expect some acceleration to about 30% of those openings being conversions. And when you think about 40% of our signings last year being in the conversion category, that's logical.
Anthony Capuano: Well, as always, thank you again for your interest in Marriott. We are coming off a terrific year in 2023. Tremendously enthusiastic about 2024 or what 2024 holds. And we look forward to seeing all of you on the road. Safe travels.
