Arne M. Sorenson: Thanks, Harry. Basically, the short answer is, we're going to keep them all. We do have a – it's obviously a big portfolio of brands. I think we would acknowledge that if we were starting with a plain piece of paper, we wouldn't necessarily start 30 brands. But having 30 brands that already have distribution with strong owner investment in hotels that carry those flags, and recognizing that our principal tool for going to market is the portfolio and the loyalty programs. We think offering more choices and in some respects more brands is a positive, not a negative. To state the obvious, we will, over time, work with owners and franchisees to crystallize each of the brand positionings as much as possible so that we draw distinctions between them, and we're very much underway with that including with our owners and franchisees.
Arne M. Sorenson: That's a really good question, Robin. I think pieces of this are about the shift towards more international from domestic. And maybe to some extent, even when you're in the U.S. looking at select-serv assets, probably a shift more towards urban and away from the prototypical suburban assets. Obviously, the more you get to urban or full service or international, the more the preconstruction period lengthens because permitting takes a little bit longer, the projects tend to be custom and therefore, the architecture and design work takes a little bit longer. And I think those would be the – probably the principal factors that would bring that percentage down a little bit.
Arne M. Sorenson: No. There are some differences, obviously, in the distribution of the portfolio. Starwood portfolio still tends to be skewing much more international toward the higher end chain scales. Obviously, their distribution of select service was less robust than the legacy Marriott brands. And so, that rolls up to some extent in different ways through those portfolios. But when we look at like-for-like markets, we see very similar RevPAR expectations.
Arne M. Sorenson: I think the other factor you've got going on here is there are, at times through this process, a bit of a step function. So when you look at G&A synergies against the baseline, I think we would say fourth quarter shows more synergies than the first quarter, for example. And it's through the end of the first quarter we will be beginning to sunset some of the transitional efforts that were continued after the date of close. I think we'll also get into early 2018 and there will be a time when we would also sunset some of the duplicative systems. And until we get to those points where we're actually flipping off some of those switches, we don't achieve final phases or the next phase of some of that spending. But Leeny's comment certainly is right. We have some comparison issues here, too, in the sense that we – Starwood started to achieve savings really in the second half of 2015 and both companies in anticipation of the close were already starting to look at synergies in advance of the closing.
Arne M. Sorenson: I think we remain generally cautious on New York, and that's not really about an Airbnb impact either before or more recently in the wake of some of the legislative activity that's been underway. New York was, in our fourth quarter, just slightly negative on the top line. I think our expectations for 2017 would be that New York would remain ever so slightly negative, not positive. That is actually remarkably good performance in some respects, given that we've got supply growth at nearly 5% in both 2016 and 2017, which would suggest basically that we've got demand growth growing at nearly the same pace. And when you look at the last few months of last year, you look at what's happening in January, these are historically fairly soft periods. I think it is dangerous to draw many conclusions from them about nature of supply and demand in New York including the impact of shared economy platforms. Obviously, we'll continue to monitor that as we go forward, but we would expect that we will continue to have a pretty modest performance.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, every year, we do a careful culling of the portfolio, the pipeline, as we get to year end to make sure that they are reflective of deals which are very much still in progress. Obviously, it was the first time we had a chance to do that since closing the Starwood transaction. I don't think we brought different standards to bear than we've brought historically to it, but we did call a number of thousands of rooms out of that pipeline in the fourth quarter as we got towards the end of the year.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, those are all good questions, and I think it probably starts with neither of those suggested answers but simply that we have done the budgets. And a quarter ago when we did our earnings call, we of course had started the budget process and was looking at the data that we had. But since that point in time, all of our teams around the world have had a chance to build these budgets from hotel-by-hotel perspective. I think if you compare beyond that to sort of general expectations, we're maybe a bit more bullish in Latin America and optimistic that the Zika epidemic is getting behind us in terms of its impact, at least. It's obviously not over. And maybe we're just a tinge more optimistic about Europe too, although that is an up-and-down market. You've got places like Istanbul, which are in a world of hurt and other places, which seem to be performing a little bit better. On average, I think those two markets would probably be the place where we have a slightly more positive view.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, I think, there might be one place where the greater optimism would hopefully come to pass. You look at energy and finance, I think there is some optimism that the energy patch bottomed and that while we may not be seeing strong signs of a rapid recovery out of that level that we're not necessarily seeing further decline. I think we did see further softness in Q4, but the anecdotes and the comments that are coming out now are a bit more encouraging. I think secondly with respect to finance, matters are changing so quickly, almost on a day-to-day basis, but it's really the first of the year where you start to get this building momentum that there will be strong regulatory relief in the financial world and the optimism that is in some respects derived from that. If that optimism shows up in greater performance of those two segments of our economy, obviously that will be good demand from those customers.
Arne M. Sorenson: I mean, obviously, upside can come from any one of the drivers of our business. Group, or business transient, or leisure. I think when we look at the year from today's perspective, we would say leisure feels the strongest to us. Probably then group, and probably then business transient. Again, business transient, if it improved, that would be a positive thing. I think the beginning of your question was, what you need to see before you start to articulate some sort of upside? GDP tends to strengthen a bit before it shows up in our business. In other words, we lag probably a little bit, not massively, but it could be a month or two or three, something like that. I think we're going to be cautious about claiming that we're in a different world until we start to see, either through bookings or through the stayed-and-paid actual RevPAR numbers, the kind of performance that would allow us to say, you know what, actually, that optimism is proving to be real. And we just – I think today you can, if you want to go out and find anecdotes to prove a point of view that things are better, there are some anecdotes out there. But if you actually go and look at the data with a cold, clear gaze and say, are you really seeing the kind of data that would show that our business is performing differently than we thought a quarter ago? We don't see that clarity yet.
Arne M. Sorenson: We are already engaged. We pulled together our U.S. owners, for example, full-service owners in November or early December, I've forgotten the precise week. But pretty quickly after we closed the transaction. And that's a group of a few hundred of our principal owners of managed hotels and owners and operators of franchised full-service hotels. Won't surprise you to know that a big chunk of that conversation was about the Sheraton brand, and particularly with the owners of the Sheraton assets, to engage with them about where that brand should go. And that is about defining brand standards, but doing it in a way that's collaborative with them. And then it is about making sure those brand standards get implemented. And implementation means that for hotels that don't meet those standards, we move with due speed, I'm talking about due speed in a second, to either get them on to brand standards, or to get them out of the Sheraton brand. Due speed, I think, means not that you can publish a brand standard and then a month later start to have a public execution because that would not be fair to our partners in this. These partners are extraordinarily important to us. They need to have some time to understand those standards to assess whether or not it is economically rational for them to meet them. And if it is, given the opportunity in order to make arrangements for the financing and make arrangements for the work actually to get done in order to meet those standards. I suspect, however, we will see in 2017 that some of the hotels that are most obviously at the bottom end of the brand; in other words, they didn't meet whatever standards were in place already; they don't meet any likely standard that we end up with, that we'll see that renovations actually occur in some of those or some of those actually leave the system. So we are expecting to see some progress being made in 2017.
Arne M. Sorenson: I'm not sure if I know exactly what you mean by that. I think – obviously, the RevPAR index numbers are non-GAAP, so they're not coming through our P&L but they are a really important measure of the way a hotel is performing against its competitive set or the way a brand is performing generally across the market. The Sheraton RevPAR index is a bit lower than fair share, not massively but a couple of points maybe below fair share. And we're going to try and move those numbers steadily from here, including hopefully, some progress in 2017. Obviously, our fee contribution from those hotels will rise, not just with market RevPAR performance but with whatever index growth we can take. Offset, however, by whatever loss of fees we will experience by the deletion of hotels that don't meet that standard. So, we'll work through that. Everything that we can predict with some clarity is built into our 2017 model. When you get into years 2018, 2019, 2020, that's obviously an area where we will try and illuminate more when we're at – together for our Analyst Conference in March. But we'll just continue to keep you updated as our thinking evolves with that.
Arne M. Sorenson: Well, I think – the two things I would call out there are loyalty and then the emotional power of the brand portfolio. So the loyalty program, SPG and Marriott Rewards are absolute juggernauts. We have been – we've talked about this in a number of prior calls and in other contexts, but we have been very impressed by the enthusiasm and the dedication that the SPG loyalists, particularly, the elites have to their program. We see in it a sort of comparable level of commitment that we've seen in the Marriott Rewards program for many, many years. And while Leeny talked about credit card companies, we've also got great partnerships with the timeshare companies. We've got a technology platform that we've got to work through. What we can build with this loyalty program we think is going to be extraordinarily exciting and should help us draw a broad connectivity to a very large group of customers and a higher share of wallet from their travel. And that's long-term upside for the company. I think the second thing is around the brand portfolio. And it's obvious to all of us, Starwood in many respects with the launch of W nearly 20 years ago was the first big company to get into the lifestyle space. And that brand continues to be a very strong one. You look at the pipeline of hotels that are coming into that brand, it is both strong and they are extraordinarily exciting hotels. But then you look at not just Aloft and Element which Starwood added also in the lifestyle space but you look at EDITION, and Moxy, and AC Hotels and the number of entrants that we brought into the lifestyle space as well. And when you think about luxury and lifestyle particularly, these are places that travelers, when they dream about travel and when they think about the experiences they most intensely want to have, they are focused on brands like that. And I think the strength we'll have in that space when combined with the loyalty program should really enable us to not just work on the nuts and bolts of the integration but really on the emotional connectivity to the traveling public. And that, as you can maybe tell from my comments turns us on.
Arne M. Sorenson: It's tied to all of it. It's tied to all of it. I mean, we obviously got to get – the technology work is underway, there are two separate technology platforms and we've got to do the work necessary in order to have one platform. It is possible we could have one platform with two different program sitting on top of that platform depending on where we are with our partners. We've also then got a whole bunch of questions around the customer proposition, the programs have somewhat different rules around qualification for Elite level, around the Elite bonuses, around other things and we want to work through with our customers. And then of course, we've got the credit card and timeshare companies. And there are some issues which are relationship driven and some that are contractual driven. But we're going to work through those. You certainly should not expect that we will have one program anytime in 2017. Whether we will in 2018 is something we will work to maximize the chances for, but we don't have a date to give you yet.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, it's an interesting question, particularly the latter half of that. I think it's going to get harder and harder for us to have a calculation about what the impact of member-direct rates are, in truth. We – the last two quarters have talked about a roughly 30-basis-point impact to RevPAR, so that would have been in Q2 and Q3 2016. But the closer you were – we were to implementing that program, the more you had some sort of current baseline data, which allowed you to do some calculations. The farther you get away from it, you start to already have a bit of a difficult time knowing exactly where the booking would have come otherwise. And we're now in a business in which essentially these member-direct discounts are common across all the branded platforms. So our principal competitors are doing the same thing. That makes assessing what it would be like if we didn't have it more and more difficult to do. We are encouraged by the growth in sign-ups to the loyalty program since we've rolled out the member-direct rates by the awareness of these kinds of discounts, which we remain convinced will drive good behavior from our perspective, from our customers and the way they book. And as a consequence, I suspect we'll see that this continues much as it is in its present form. Does it impact? Do we lap it at some point? I suppose we do. I suppose in Q2 we start to lap it. But again, our calculation was 30 basis points or thereabouts in Q2, so it's not a massive number. And whether its additive or not, sort of Lord knows. I guess I would say it's built into our model, but I'm not necessarily sure that we focus precisely on that question either.
Arne M. Sorenson: We won't have anything to say this morning about future years, but our expectations for 2017 are about the same number of – deletions is actually probably a better word than terminations from our system. We've been experiencing roughly a point, I think Starwood was a bit more than a point.
Arne M. Sorenson: And we still think that's about the right area. Now those stories, they are one hotel at a time. The most typical deletion is a hotel that doesn't meet our standards, and it does not make economic sense for it to be re-invented to meet our standards. And so we take it out. Now, we don't take it out without consultation with our owners and franchisees. But we essentially work towards taking that out of the system so that it can land someplace else in the probably lower tier of the hotel business typically. There are other circumstances in which we're subject to termination from an owner who doesn't want to keep us, or who is selling it to somebody else and they have different plans for it. And so, every story exists in this, sort of, annual model, but it's not at different levels, at least that's what we're anticipating in our guidance. It's not at different levels than what the company has experienced in the past.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, we don't have a lot of data yet that would say that this is a big deal in terms of stayed-and-paid experience in our hotels. Obviously, the seven countries that are called out in the Executive Order are not places where there's a lot of travel that comes to the United States. And obviously too, the Executive Order has been suspended by a ruling of the court, so it's not in effect. We, as a consequence, don't think that by its terms, it's a massive deal. Now saying that, we should stop and pause for a second. You've got individual stories of families who've been waiting for a long period of time to get visas or other permission to emigrate. And for them, there is no bigger story in the world than having those rights up-ended and uncertainty sort of race back into their lives. Having said that, there is a broad sense, particularly across the Middle East but across much of the world that the Executive Order is a really big deal and that the symbolism is wrong and that it is effectively a communication from the United States to the rest of the world that you should anticipate that either you're not going to be welcome here or that you may have difficulty getting in. And we think that's what has motivated the handful of stories that we've heard about already, which are typically group stories. And they are not, of course, international groups where folks are saying, you know what? I'm not sure I want to take the risk of trying to bring an international group into the United States, whether it'd be for a wedding or for a meeting because my whole group may not be able to get in. And so, we have some anecdotes about folks who have reached out to us and said, you know what? Rather than focus on that hotel in the U.S., why don't we look at what you've got in Canada? Or why don't you look at what you've got someplace else? And if we're hearing a handful of those anecdotes already, I'm sure there are a number that we're not hearing, which are groups who had not yet contacted us but who would have contacted us were it not for this Executive Order. But instead are maybe going directly to one of our hotels in another country or they're simply deferring their efforts to plan that business. So again, I don't think this is a measurable impact today. I don't think it is necessarily a substantial impact. I wouldn't expect, by the way, that it would have much impact on business transient at all because that tends to be the kind of travel that is most resilient. But I do think it is a place where to the extent we need to do things around security or around immigration, we should do them quickly so that we can get back to communicate to the rest of the world that subject to the revisions in those policies, we really want people to come here and see us and do business here and vacation here and take back their fond memories to their homes.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, we talked about New York as being kind of flattish, so I would expect that, that is towards the lower end. But we've got that by market. I'm not sure it's terribly constructive to tick through all of those.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, why don't you give Laura and Betsy a holler on that. Let's see if we can help you navigate that.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, it's a good question, and I think there are a number of different answers to it. Leeny has been very strong in helping guide the company through this area before close and after close and trying to build models, which essentially say, here is what we think we have capacity to spend and here's what we think we need to spend. Both those questions are relevant and they're different questions. And has essentially allocated around the business allowances, if you will, for the level of effort we think would be required to run this bigger platform. And that is, of course, it was influenced to some extent by our target to get to the $250 million of synergies. It also guided our settling on $250 million as a number that seemed to work. And so that planning is a piece of it. I think a second piece of it is simply listening to our teams and sensing the level of intensity and their demand for more resources, which obviously comes up frequently in companies all around. I would say one other thing, and that is I think in this last recovery, looking over the last three to four years, legacy Marriott has really done a fine job keeping admin cost growth at very, very low levels, and if you look over a 25- or 30-year period of time, where G&A has grown at meaningfully higher than 3%-ish kind of growth rates through other economic recovery cycles, in this one, we've been keeping an awful lot of focus on this, and keeping the growth rates down. And I suspect we'll continue to do that. Even when we can ring the bell to use Leeny's phrase, about hitting that $250 million target, we won't be done. We'll continue to look for efficiencies in the platform. I don't think getting rid of owned assets is likely to be terribly significant by itself because the bulk of our spending is about running a global public company, governance reporting, et cetera, that relates to that. It is about overseeing thousands of managed hotels and thousands of relationships with owners of managed and franchised hotels, and it's about the work we've got to do to refine and strengthen brands and provide the oversight of all of that. And that's not work that is likely to get any more intense in the years ahead.
Arne M. Sorenson: Oh, there are plenty of challenges. The technology and the partnerships would be probably where we would start. I think we've got good relationships and we've got good plans, and so we're quite optimistic about being able to navigate through all of that. But it's a lot of work, and don't hear our confidence as being a sign that it isn't. Because we've got many people that are focused on this and getting it done right. Are there any costs associated with it? There are, of course. I think the bulk of the costs associated with it, like the bulk of the costs of the program are really paid for by the system as we go through it. We need to make sure that those costs don't balloon and harm our owners and so we're doing everything we possibly can to manage that. But I wouldn't expect this to be a sort of regular impact to our P&L. Other than through the upside of hopefully larger share of wallet.
Arne M. Sorenson: Yeah, I think so. We mentioned in the prepared remarks that we are adding some special corporate accounts to what we had last year. We think it is sensible to do that. Really what we're doing is we're running the business with an expectation, so this is about cost management, it is about driving top-line with an expectation that we're going to continue to slug it out in a pretty low-growth GDP environment. If there is strength in GDP, it's all upside. But if there is no strength in GDP, we want to make sure we're delivering the best results we can.
Arne M. Sorenson: Okay. Well, thank you all very much for your time and attention and bearing with us. We know we've thrown an awful lot of data at you, so by all means, give us a holler back if we can be helpful to you. Safe travels.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Sure. At the end of the day, Harry, we definitely will see some growth, but what you've also got is a bunch of things impacting going the other way. And FX is the biggest one, really, when you look at that, and could be as much as $15 million year-over-year. And then you add to that, we've got some renovations going on as well as the fact that terminations of some of those hotels also are going to impact year-over-year incentive fees.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: So a couple things, and thanks for the question because it is worth mentioning a little bit about the timing as we think about the way these synergies will roll in. As integration progresses, we definitely will see during the year, we would expect to see the difference between – when you look at the combined a year ago quarter-by-quarter, we would expect that these savings progress during the year and into 2018. So as we move forward, by the time we're kind of in mid-2018, we feel comfortable that, that $250 million, we can ring that bell. And obviously, we're going to keep looking. This is an ongoing process. It's not kind of a one-stop shop, so we will continue to explore everything we can do. But for the moment, we feel good about the $250 million.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Well, so first of all, this kind of gets back to how we thought about putting together the kind of more comparable numbers of the – how we think about the improvements in G&A. The combined company numbers, when you look at those going quarter-by-quarter to 2016, you were really looking at a company that was already starting to get some of those synergies as you moved through the year. And so when you look at Q3 and Q4, you had a bunch of open positions and you were actually, in some respects, really getting those synergies in 2016. So then when you look at 2017 compared, we're going to continue to get synergies but again, you're looking at a combined company in Q3 and Q4 of 2016 as frankly, already getting some of those synergies given the merger was kind of semi-closed, not quite closed. A bunch of open positions.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: If you – Joe, if you look at kind of more of the way that I'm describing, looking at the two companies kind of premerger and normalize them with a 4% increase for 2016, and use that as your run rate, you will actually see that Q1 we show savings, call it, of 10% relative to those numbers. And by the time we get to Q4, we're at 25% on a more normalized basis. And that, so you actually are seeing a real progression in the savings, but it's just again, it's depending on what you're comparing them to.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Well, so a couple of things. We are, in many cases, talking people here, so we are talking the reality of people that will be continuing to help us put the two companies together. But I will also say that as you get through 2018 that by the time we're in the third quarter of 2018, I think you will see the run rate reflect kind of the savings that we've talked about. Now, the timing of some of these integration costs of exactly – we call them wind-down, they're not perfectly predictable. So, kind of exactly the $250 million with 3% inflation, we'll have to see how that goes. But we're determined, when we think of it, as $250 million in 2017 dollars that obviously then overtime will grow. But I would expect that it's more kind of in the back-half of 2018 where we've kind of really been able to say the companies from a fundamental running standpoint are truly integrated and combined.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Sure. Well, we're obviously talking to folks in the market about all of them. So these were assets that were in many cases under active discussions before the transaction closed and as a team, we continue to march forward and then on several, but at that point, we're not – we're talking to folks in the market. Now, they're obviously all in various stages because each of the assets is different and each has its – kind of a separate situation whether you've got to look at ground leases or kind of elements that you're comparing on the PIP, et cetera. So, I can't really give you a prediction in terms of timing of the asset sales, but we do continue to feel good about the environment and good about our ability to get it done in the timeframe that I described. The other thing I would say, on the gross versus net proceeds is, they're going to really vary. They're going to vary quite a bit asset-to-asset and I would say that a good proxy to use is about 20%. But again, I will say that could be very different asset-to-asset.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Just to be clear, when we think of our cash flow model, we've been taking that into consideration all along.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Absolutely. As you probably remember that we've talked about before, we've got two co-brand credit card partners, SPG with Amex, and JPMorgan Chase Visa for Marriott Rewards. And as we think about combining the loyalty program over the long run, we obviously are in discussions with both of those companies about these co-brand credit cards. So we'll be talking to them this year, re-looking at the entire deal between the companies. One credit card agreement expires in 2018, the other one expires in 2020. And we're very excited about, frankly, the possibilities there, but wouldn't be in a position to be able to quantify anything at this point.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: I think the larger number is the better and more accurate way to both look at it and to what we expect.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Sure. Absolutely. So as you know, predicting the timing of asset sales is pretty difficult. So that's the main reason that we wanted to basically give you guys a model that assumes no asset sales. And obviously, to the extent that we're having asset sales during the year, that could obviously change the impact and the timing of share repurchase for the year. But when you think about other than that, I would say, probably relatively speaking the way we do it would be fairly steady during the year and wouldn't surprise you. The only counter to that, I would say, is that as you remember, we do have cash balances that we are going to be able to avail ourselves of, if you think about where we were at the end of Q3. And when our balance sheet comes out, you'll see the cash number has come down by about $200 million that we've been able to avail ourselves of cash. And I'll use that opportunity to tell you guys that it's likely that the 10-K will be filed after the weekend, a little bit later than our typical filing, because of the all the purchase-price accounting work that we've got to do, we want to make sure that we've buttoned everything down so it will be a few days later. But when we think about those extra cash balances that we do expect to be able to have available to us for general corporate purposes, and end up the year, end up 2017 with a more normal, call it, $200 million to $300 million level of ongoing working capital cash needs. I would say, we think that we'll have the use of that cash in the first half of the year rather than the second half of the year, which would give you a little bit of weighting towards the first half in share repurchase. But other than that, pretty much steady as she goes.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: So thanks for the question. We certainly are willing to entertain all comers and happy to listen to anybody who's got an idea, and have thought about that. And frankly, we've spoken to a number of potentially – investors that would be interested in either part of, a partial portfolio or all. As you might imagine, in many cases, those are international buyers. But the reality is, we've got a really interesting kind of diverse group of hotels, and whether they are located in Buenos Aires or Canada, or they have ground leases or they have PIP needs, every single one of them has its own story. And I think we are now fairly firmly – never say never, but fairly firmly of the view that it's going to be much more onesies and twosies is going to be the best way to maximize the value of this portfolio.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: And, David, keep in mind that when we talk about unit growth on a net basis, we're really addressing it there.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: As said (1:21:57), the synergies, at the end the day we see much more upside than we do downside in terms of on the cost and revenue side related to loyalty.
Kathleen Kelly Oberg: Right. So, about 49% of the $350 million that we talked about being this kind of pot of fees that are not tied directly to the RevPAR of hotels. And so, if you say roughly half of that is coming from the credit card relationships. And those are again, those are driven by credit card spend.
