Adam Aron: Felicia, it’s always good to talk to you but given the question of our strategic alternatives, I am going to pass it to Bruce Duncan, our Chairman.
Adam Aron: I’ll be happy to. So let’s start with Sheraton. The management team presented a 60-page presentation to our Board of Directors about diagnosing the current situation of Sheraton and what we can do about it. When you think about how important Sheraton is as a brand right now, the fact that somewhere in the neighborhood of $9 billion flows though our 430ish hotels in 75 countries with the Sheraton flag, it just reminds you how important a part of Starwood, Sheraton is. We have some terrific Sheraton properties around the world and we have some hotels that need more focus on the fundamentals of delivering service quality to our guests. In my prepared remarks, I said that what we’re going to be announcing at NYU is fairly broad and sweeping, literally it’s a 10 point plan to improve Sheraton’s performance in the marketplace. It took Sheraton some time to get into its current state. So it’s going to take the Sheraton brand some time to improve but improve we think that it will and we think it’ll improve two ways. One, for people who have Sheraton hotels today entrusted to us, we think we’ll be delivering better top line revenue and better bottom line profitability for our owners. We also think it’d give more encouragement to the hotel developer community generally that Sheraton is a brand that is a good place to entrust their hotel assets. And if you look at the numbers in our first quarter announcement, Sheraton was the biggest single number of new openings and Sheraton was the biggest single number of signings, so in terms of the rooms added to our system. So, again I’m being a little circumspect on what are in those 10 point plan because that’s something that we’d like to announce closer to the NYU conference than today. But we were very clear that we said that we did not think this would drive incremental cost to our bottom line. Not because we weren’t going to invest any money in taking Sheraton forward as a brand but because we’ve done so much hard work over the past 10 weeks and our senior leadership team working together in looking at how we spend our existing centralized services moneys and by cutting out the $50 million to $60 million that Tom Mangas and I both referenced. By cutting out some lower priority programs that produce returns that are more marginal and redeploying those moneys in the things that we think will have much more impact, we can deploy the same amount of moneys we’re spending now and investing now but do in a way what we think we get significantly greater return.
Adam Aron: This is Adam, I’ll take the recruit new people and pass the call off -- pass your question off to Tom. Just Monday and putting out the announcement of the executives who’ll be leading our brand efforts, we were able to announce that someone who had been a Starwood veteran for a decade who left our company eight or nine years ago and is today the President and Chief Operating Officer of a legitimate but smaller hotel company is going to be rejoining Starwood, so that certainly is a example that in real time that we can attract talented people to our company. We also announced a number of internal promotions where some very able people inside our company were given a new chance to shine. As to capital allocations, I’ll let Tom respond.
Adam Aron: Well, just so we give a comprehensive answer to your question, we are looking at other brands with the company, but specifically with respect to the midscale segment, Four Points, Aloft and elements are the current vehicles that the company has at our disposal. We have 300 of them worldwide. While that’s significantly subscale to our competitors, it’s significantly ahead of starting a new brand from scratch we started with hotel number one. So at the moment, we’re writing with Aloft, element and Four Points; we certainly do want to take a look internally about whether we should add additional select serve or mid serve brands but we’re nowhere in a position close to want to be able to publicly announce that we will do anything other than go forward with Four Points, Aloft and element.
Adam Aron: Well, just to be clear, the $3 billion target by the end of 2016 is exactly what the company has heretofore laid out as if timeline. The $800 million target for 2015 plus the $200 million and $250 million on top of hotels going with the SVO spin are also in line with the company has previously announced. So, there is not an acceleration as implied in your question. What is true however is our confidence that we will get this done. And in prior periods, some of you in this call might have been critical about Starwood about where we laser like focused on asset sale dispositions. I can promise you that we are now, and what we are doing differently is making sure that any internal roadblocks or bottlenecks that slow down decision making are removed. And we can come the grips with opportunities for Starwood fast and sometimes opportunities for Starwood involve growth and sometimes opportunities for Starwood mean capitalizing on how transaction markets and disposing of hotel assets all the while retaining long-term management the franchise agreements on an expeditious timeframe.
Adam Aron: Well, on this issue of brand positioning versus owned assets, Robin you’ve sort of posed almost as a dichotomy; they’re unique and different situations. My own view is the company is on a declared path to go asset light. We’re highly confident in our ability to deliver on the asset light strategy and we’ll do so. On the issue of brands in terms of an opportunity, while we sit with some very strong brands and several of Starwood’s 10 brands are real powerhouses in their categories, there are others of our brands that are not. And I’ve already talked about the fact that we’re going to turn the company on its head and focus on Sheraton which is 40% of our company. With respect to facility in China, let me pass it to Tom.
Adam Aron: We have some very strong brands. And no matter how the future of this company unfolds, our brands will endure; our brands will be potent; our brands can only be stronger than they are today. And those will be the messages we’ll be carrying out to the hotel ownership and development community. As I said in my earlier remarks, we’re also going to get much more aggressive in our communications with owners, and our flexibility in dealing with owners, and are being responsive to owners. And this is a relationship business in many respects, and don’t underestimate how powerful it is if the senior management team of Starwood is in active dialogue with those people who control assets and are trying to figure out where they should best go. So, we have every confidence that we’ll continue to fair well in getting developers and owners to entrust their precious assets to the brands in the Starwood.
Adam Aron: This is Adam, I’ll take it. We have a significant appetite to use our balance sheet to accelerate growth and we’re already doing it right now. We’re in active dialogue with one owner and one developer and after another. If there is an opportunity to get to package with some owner developers and multiple hotel assets in select serve that’s appeal to us. If your question is much bigger and broader than that in terms of when we use our balance sheet in a huge way to accelerate our growth select serve segment that’s a question that harkens right back to the strategic and financial alternative review that Bruce discussed before. And we’re not going to make a comment beyond statement that Bruce made which we think is important and clear and speaks for itself.
Bruce Duncan: And I would say Felicia that again when we made the change to new leadership, our focus is on what we can do to accentuate growth. And we think that again we could always focus on maximizing long-term shareholder value and we think there is an enormous opportunity and change in our industry. We thought this is the right time to fully explore the full range of strategic financial alternatives. Again, when you look at Starwood, we got an industry leading global platform and best in class premium brands. And we just want to look at all alternatives available to us.
Bruce Duncan: Again, our search for the new CEO is proceeding as previously announced. We are doing a thorough search process with both external and internal candidates. And again, it’s on a parallel track and we’ve retained Korn Ferry and we want to complete the search in a timely manner. We’re encouraged with the candidates we have. And again we’re committed to identify the right leader with the relevant global experience to fill the CEO role and accelerate the company’s growth. So, we’re pretty excited about the candidates we’re seeing. And again, we’re going to do this in a timely manner.
Bruce Duncan: All right, let me start with the first one. Again, we’re excited because when you look at what Starwood, the position we’re in now and the strength we have with our unparalleled high-end global footprint and a reputation for innovation; we’ve got a great platform. You look at the work Adam and Tom and the team are doing in terms of accelerating growth and building upon our world class brand. We’re pretty excited about the opportunity we have. But we think again we can even do more and that’s what everyone is working on. I also think that if you look out and you see the world today, the capital markets are good that we think consolidation, it’s interesting to look at and I think that we’re going to pursue all alternatives. And we think that that is the right thing to do in looking at how we can maximize value for our shareholders. But again, we’re going to take all the time we need on this to come up with the right solution that works for our shareholders, our business partners and our associates and we’re pretty excited about the position we have, that Starwood has as it is today. I would say in terms of the second one, in terms of attracting talent, I think there is no question that certain people you won’t be able to attract given what’s going on. But what we’re seeing right now we’re pretty excited about the candidates we have in the pool and again we’re proceeding in a timely manner on that. And in the meantime Adam and the team is moving full speed ahead executing on the strategy.
Bruce Duncan: Well again, I would just say that from our standpoint what I think is unique about Starwood and it’s very special, is our dominance in the upper upscale and luxury area. I think it’s fantastic. Again, as Adam pointed out, we’re a little subscale on the limited service areas with our three offerings and 300 hotels. But we’re very excited about the position we have. And the issue now is as we look for the financial alternatives, is to look at what’s available and look at what we can do that makes the most sense. And we’re going to be doing that and we’re going to do a thorough review of both the strategic and financial alternatives we have in front of us to move our growth up.
Bruce Duncan: We’re not going to talk about -- there is no future in the past, but we continually have discussions in terms of how we can move thing forward, maximize value.
Bruce Duncan: Again we’re going to explore all strategic and financial alternatives, so everything is on the table. So, we’re not going to speculate to which one -- what we end up doing. But again we’re focused; we’re going to take all the time we need to get the right answer. And from our standpoint, that’s the focus. In terms of we like the position we’re in, we think we have a wonderful position as we stand but we think that this is the right time to look at the markets; you look at the capital markets; it’s the right time to look at all alternatives and we’re going to do that.
Tom Mangas: So, right now, we’re not changing any of our guidance points; we are very early in the strategic review process. And as Bruce said, all ranges of options are on the table, nothing’s off the table. But until we go through the process and come to a conclusion, we’re maintaining our current guidance. We’re maintaining our current leverage levels of 2.5 to 3 times on an S&P measurement basis of net leverage to debt and proceeding with our repurchase program where we indicated in our last call and it’s sustained in this call, a $300 million to $350 million repurchase program and proceeding with the spin. And we’re running the business the way we have laid it out. And when we conclude a strategic review reprocess I’m sure the board will reveal those changes at that time.
Tom Mangas: Yes, I would simply say that as you look at the results in Mainland kind of specific, we think that improvement comes out of Mainland China. As you saw just a really tough February period there, Chinese New Year which for the entire market the REVPARs were down almost high single digits; we just think that was a Chinese New Year phenomenon; we saw March whilst down, not nearly down that same level. So, it’s simply a trending assessment where we think that the second quarter is going to be better than some of the market dynamics we saw in the first quarter.
Tom Mangas: Sure, I mean what I’d say, we’re beginning to get critical mass and our marketing programs are starting to take hold. And so what you’re seeing is our RPIs are growing dramatically. So our Aloft REVPAR index grew in North America but grew even more substantially in the rest of Asia, Europe and Africa, Middle East where we’re putting lots of hotels. So, I think it’s an element of -- a matter of getting critical mass and marketing focus here which is a lot of what our plans are about in this year including up spinning marketing support in the second quarter to continue to accelerate that growth.
Tom Mangas: So, let me answer the first part. So, we are increasing the full year guidance by $10 million, it is largely on the back of our vacation ownership success in the first quarter and carrying through to the year and on the back of SG&A, offsetting the FX headwind. And so that is how we’re delivering the full year. Relative to North America, North America has performed in line of our expectations this first quarter and we really haven’t materially changed our outlook for the North America region in the year ahead versus what we had at the beginning of the year and I expect it to perform in a similar range as it performed in the current quarter.
Tom Mangas: Let me first say that I think as we do the strategic review process, any of these ideas, package could back on the table as Frits mentioned in our call in February, we did try a bundled sale process in the first-half of 2014 that didn’t go anywhere and that was part of our delay in getting asset sales out the door in 2014. I do think we suffered from a lack of critical mass. But U.S. assets that could fit well in a REIT structure; we’ve got several assets in Europe and so I think it is in Central and South America that can’t benefit from that kind of REIT spin. So we have been pursuing a course of one-off asset sales and as Adam said, I think we are expecting to have a I’ll call more evenly balanced distribution of asset sales based on what we in the pipeline for disposals in 2015 than what you saw last year. But again as I said, we’re not taking anything of the table in the context of the strategic review.
