Tony Capuano: Thanks for the question, Joe. We are -- continue to be quite bullish about leisure. We think there's lots more run room in terms of this leisure-led recovery. You heard some of the statistics that Leeny and I shared in our prepared remarks about the performance and the pricing power that we've seen in our resort destinations. And so, the short answer is we absolutely believe that leisure can continue to grow into '22.
Tony Capuano: Of course. The biggest improvement we expect or that we saw this quarter came from business transient, which is -- already picked up even a bit in October. We're quite encouraged. Special corporate bookings have improved each week in October as when we compare them to 2019. And because you asked for a little bit of granularity, I can tell you that new special corporate bookings in October for some of our key customer categories had some really nice growth, and I'll give you 2 examples. Accounting and consulting grew 35% over what we saw last month, and technology business grew about 31% versus last month.  When I switch to group, which was the second part of your question, at the end of September, roof revenue was pacing down around 43% versus '19. But we think we can see some improvement from that level given the volume of last-minute bookings, which have been quite a significant recent trend. In the quarter -- fourth quarter bookings in October, were above October of '19 by the highest percentage we've seen since the pandemic began. And maybe the last thing I would tell you on group that is also quite encouraging, when we look at the group that's on the books for 2022, the ADR for that group is up to about 3 -- almost 4% relative to the group that was on the books for 2019.
Tony Capuano: Yes, of course. Historically, we saw business transient business coming out of small and medium-sized companies was about 60% of our business transient revenue. Now, given that the larger businesses have been a little slower to recover during the pandemic, for the first 3 quarters of this year, we've seen about 75% of that revenue coming from small and medium accounts.
Tony Capuano: Plus, a timely question Patrick, as I mentioned in the opening remarks, we've just spent 2 full days with a significant number of our owners and franchisees here in North America. As we shared with them, we continue to run a few different proofs of concept of valuating how we strike the right balance between guest expectations and the economic challenges that our owner community continues to face. We got tremendous engagement and input from that community, and I think we continue to move towards a more definitive and permanent position on housekeeping.
Tony Capuano: It's too early to give specific expectations. Now, what I can tell you is we are with increasing confidence feeling like in the midterm we're going to get back to that mid-single digit rooms growth. But I think it'll be a bit challenging next year, and we'll be challenged for a few reasons. I think number 1, the continued unpredictability of the pandemic, but maybe more impactful, we have seen some delays in construction starts, some of which have been direct results of interruption to the supply chain.  But again, those feel like short-term impediments. And in fact, it's interesting if you look at the pipeline. Both in Q2 and Q3, the fall out we saw was the lowest we've seen in the last 3 years. So that would certainly suggest that while we may have to struggle through a bit of these short-term delays, it actually bolsters our confidence in our ability to get back to that mid-single digit growth rate.
Tony Capuano: Of course. Maybe I'll give you some macro-observations. But before I do that, certainly we're seeing really strong social group activity and expect that to continue. In terms of city-wise, which I think was part of your question, it was interesting. We spent the last 2 days with many of our full-service owners here in the U.S., and I think their view is they're seeing softness in city-wide activity in the first half of '22, but are hopeful they'll start to see some pickup in the back half of next year.  More broadly around group, you heard some of the comments I made in the prepared remarks. Q3 revenues down 46% in group as compared to '19, which was a big uptick compared to the statistics we shared with you last quarter, where we were down 76% versus '19. The other statistic I would share with you that I think is interesting, in-the quarter-for-the-quarter bookings in October were above in-the-quarter-for the-quarter bookings from October '19 by over 30%, which is the highest percentage increase we've seen since the beginning of the pandemic.
Tony Capuano: Of course. Like many other companies around the country and around the world, we are seeing some challenges with labor. It won't surprise you that those challenges are most acute in the markets where we've seen the most rapid recovery in demand, so leisure destinations kind of leading the way. From our perspective, we're -- we have a multi-pronged approach to try and address those issues.  We've been doing -- we've ramped up our efforts in social and targeted marketing, highlighting the extraordinary opportunities that exist at Marriott. We have in some instances used one-time sign-on bonuses or temporary incentives. And we do still have many open positions to fill. But we are seeing a bit of an uptick in applicant flow and have been filling jobs pretty steadily over the last several months.
Tony Capuano: Well, how much time do we have, Bill? I think -- listen, China is a really important market for us, it is a dynamic and evolving market. Like anybody that's got a significant footprint in China, we continue to watch with great interest and great focus the evolving landscape there. But when you look at the composition of ownership that we have, when you look at the percentage of our portfolio that has whole or partial ownership by state-owned enterprises, I don't think we look at it as having any really remarkably higher risk profile than we've thought for the last number of quarters.
Tony Capuano: Well, as I mentioned earlier, the pace of global signings has picked up significantly since the bottom of the trough created by the pandemic, year-to-date our signings are up or about 30% compared to where we were same time last year. What we hear anecdotally from our partners, financing for acquisitions and conversions of existing assets continues to be pretty readily available, construction financing for new builds is more challenging.  The construction financing that is out there as we've seen in other more conventional down-markets tends to rely heavily on relationship lending, tends to rely heavily on quality of sponsorship and tends to rely heavily on the quality of the brand affiliation. In terms of additional investments, we are not seeing any remarkable spike in the use of the Company's balance sheet.  The guiding principles that have guided our deal-making in good and bad markets remain intact. In instances where we see strategic imperative or in instances where we think we can drive premium fees and earnings for the Company, we will consider use of the Company's balance sheet.
Tony Capuano: Sure. Maybe I'll remind you, we got a question on this topic a quarter ago. And I think the specific question we got was, within our portfolio in terms of the economics to MI or to Marriott from a fee perspective, how would a luxury hotel like a Ritz-Carlton compare to a lower-tier product like a Fairfield Inn? And the response we gave a quarter ago was obviously subject to variability by geography.  But it's about 10X. We see about 10 times the fee potential in a luxury hotel that we typically achieve in a select service hotel. They are more complex projects, they are more capital-intensive projects, the complexities of getting them financed are not insignificant. But as evidenced by the volume of luxury in upper upscale on our portfolio, the strength of our brands, I think command pretty effective ability to source debt for those projects.
Tony Capuano: As I said, the -- these are complex projects, you heard in Leeny's prepared comments, some pretty extraordinary numbers about our branded residential business. And with increasing frequency, we see the luxury projects being developed as mixed used projects that include a branded residential component that's often critical in again, underwriting those projects and getting them financed. In leisure destinations the premiums we've seen in luxury rates over the last couple of quarters have been extraordinary.
Tony Capuano: Of course. Thanks, Robin. If I look at 2022 in aggregate and I look at total group revenue on the books at the end of this past quarter and compare that to what was on the books at the end of the third quarter in '19 for 2020, we're down about 20% in gross revenue. We're down about 23% in total booked rooms, and as I mentioned earlier, were up nearly 4% in ADR.
Tony Capuano: I would say that the approach we've taken to evaluating those sorts of opportunities remains intact. If you look at our track record in this area, we don't feel any particular pressure to do acquisitions simply for the sake of scale. If we see a gap in our portfolio, whether that be brand gap or tier gaps that we think represents significant growth opportunity or a significant gap in our geographic footprint that can be solved the way we did with AC in Spain or Protea in South Africa, we would certainly take a look at that. But I think Leeny's comment is really around our capital philosophy to ensure we are in a good position should one of those opportunities present itself.
Tony Capuano: Well, there's a lot in that question. I think the good news, what we've seen through the last couple of quarters, is the ability of the leisure segment to create compression. And the creation of that compression, almost irrespective of which segment drives the compression, is driving really terrific pricing power. I think when you look at our retail rates across the portfolio, we are essentially back to 2019 levels, and that's another statistical illustration of the strength of our pricing power, and what's really encouraging about that is that we're achieving that pricing power, albeit at lower occupancy levels than we were experiencing in 2019.
Tony Capuano: Thank you very much, and thanks to all of you for your continued interest in the Company and the recovery of the global travel and tourism industry. We are back on the road and we look forward to running into you in our hotels around the world. Thanks again, and have a great day.
Leeny Oberg: Joe, one other comment I'll make is that we've seen -- actually, since 2010, we've seen leisure trips grow faster than business trip. And I think with the reality that there's still some pent-up demand as well as increased savings rates, and frankly, more flexibility in travel that we absolutely believe that leisure can continue to grow going into '22.
Leeny Oberg: Great question. We're in the middle of our budgeting process now, so I think we feel extremely solid about the numbers for '21. It's too early to give you a specific number, but obviously the one-time bump that we had this year from the SEC portfolio, we don't expect to happen. And I do believe that it will fall back to more normal levels in 2022 with perhaps still a tinge of COVID -related impact. But I think more likely to be falling back into levels that you've seen before.
Leeny Oberg: You're absolutely right that broadly speaking, our marketing spend is a function of the top-line revenue from our hotels. And that is in 2 places Thomas. 1 is obviously in classic sales and marketing fund, but also when you think about the revenues coming into our loyalty program are also driven by a combination of our credit card spend as well as hotel revenues and penetration of Bonvoy stays at our hotels. And so clearly that is still meaningfully down from 2019. However, obviously a whole lot better than it was in 2020.  And I'm sure you've seen lately, we've done a fabulous new campaign that has been on everywhere from airlines to sports -- on sports games, etc., that really emphasize how special it is to be able to travel and to have experiences that open your mind, if you will. And so, it's been a really concentrated reminder to the -- to our consumers of how special travel is. And that new campaign has generated incredible response from all the different customers and media touch points.
Leeny Oberg: Yeah, sure. It's very similar to what we've talked about before, which is that clearly, the OTAs have gained share as a result of special corporate being down on a relative basis. But we're still seeing that our digital channels are gaining share faster than the OTAs. So, while -- I'd say the OTAs are probably now at about 14% of total bookings. You still remember that our direct channels are over 76% and about half of that is coming through the digital channel. So, we're very pleased to see that digital continues to gain share very nicely. Our mobile app downloads have grown really well. So, the OTAs have been an important driver of business for us during this pandemic, but I think from a share perspective, we're continuing to see the same trends we've been seeing.
Leeny Oberg: Yeah, for EBITDA and RevPAR. Yes, I think it will be the same except perhaps a little bit bigger, as we have more and more owned lease profits coming back as well as IMF coming back. If you remember, pre -pandemic, we were close to $50 million per point of RevPAR. We're obviously getting hopefully closer to $40 million and that's obviously hotel-related RevPAR. The non-RevPAR will tie much more into both the residential fees as well as the credit card fees, but it should expand. Although, I think again in 2022, it will still be closer to the $40 million in 2022 and then again continue to grow from there.
Leeny Oberg: And I would add, we are not hearing from our owners that it's universally 20%. There may be a couple of markets here and there where that could be happening in a particular situation, but broadly speaking, while it's clearly meaningfully higher than it was back in '18 and '19, I would say 20% is not the norm. And the only other thing I'll say is that while ADR is still not back to 2019 levels, traditionally in our business, we have been able to see that ADR tends to be able to hold onto inflation that we've seen ADR increases that at least inflation, if not higher. And while clearly at the moment we're not back there yet, that should be helpful as well.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. So, first of all, similar messages to what you've heard before, which maintaining our investment-grade credit rating is a top priority for Marriott. We do want to continue to get our credit ratios back to the 3 to 3.5 times levels of debt-to-EBITDA. We are really pleased with the progress that we're making in that regard, probably happened faster than we might have imagined a year ago. And so, with that in mind, we are feeling increasingly confident that we'll be able to turn to returning capital to shareholders, perhaps with continued progress in the recovery in the back half of 2022.  When we think about the mix of dividends versus share repurchases, I think it's instructive to look at what we did in the great recession, which is that we -- as we move closer and closer to that 3 times to 3.5 times range, we reinstituted a modest, a smaller than -- smaller than it was before cash dividend and then returned to the normal level of cash dividend before we began share repurchases. And Tony and I will be talking about that to the board and continuing to have a dialog, but I don't think that that's a pretty good framework for you to consider as we move forward.  I think from a rationale, David, I think one of the things we really like about the 3 to 3.5 times level for us is the flexibility then it then gives us when we see an opportunistic investment come our way. And so, we do want to return to that area knowing that when those come up, we want to be able to take advantage of them. And in that regard, re-establishing that policy and those levels, I think is where we're headed.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. I think as a reminder, over time the idea is that is essentially net neutral to the Company, i.e., these are cost reimbursements without a profit component. And the timing of the revenues and the expenses can obviously vary. Just to your point, as you look at what's happened this year, you have seen that the gap has narrowed between the net reimbursed revenue line, and that's really a reflection of loyalty.  When you think about last year, far fewer redemptions were taking place and we had lowered our administrative costs in the loyalty program to take into consideration the much lower RevPAR that we had in the system. So naturally, that has come back to a higher level this year as -- and redemption have also grown meaningfully. But again, I think over time, you'll continue to see some variation quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. But over time, the general direction is net neutral to the Company.
Leeny Oberg: First of all, as we talked about, the smaller and medium-sized business transient has been relatively stronger, and that, to your point, is more likely to be in secondary and tertiary markets. However, during Q3, we saw the best improvement in our big cities in special corporate that we've seen since the pandemic. So, I think it is absolutely moving in the right direction, including those larger cities.
Leeny Oberg: And one reminder is that -- is I'm sure you know all too well; we typically do not have an owner's priority on our IMF there. And so, the IMF actually behaves very similarly to base fees.
Leeny Oberg: No, it's fine. As we've talked about before, a couple of things: 1. is that we did talk about how some construction starts have pushed forward a little bit, and so that would then impact some of when the key money goes out the door. But probably more importantly and larger is we just really are able to refine the amount of CapEX that we're going to spend on system CapEX as well as the Company's new headquarters building. And when you put those together, you get the reduction that we described today in the press release.
Leeny Oberg: Actually, it was a -- it was not a contract investment. This was an initiative for some international hotels that we had begun in 2019 related to operational improvements in some international hotels. But as a result of COVID and all that is going on in those hotels, it no longer makes sense to carry forward with that. So, the investment that we had put on our books to date needed to be written off. It was actually a program initiative of the Company for the hotels, it was not related to a hotel contract.
Leeny Oberg: No. No, actually as you know, very often we have programs that we do for our hotels that they reimburse us for. And in some cases, we actually develop the programs and over time, the hotel owners pay us back. And in this case, we had begun work on the program and invested some funds to develop the program and decided once COVID came, it no longer made sense to implement that program at the hotels and have them repay us over time, so we wrote off the investment.
Leeny Oberg: Yeah, sure. I think when you look overall at the business, it is traditionally the case that you have lower business overall. Again, I think interestingly, I actually expect leisure could continue to strengthen because when you think about coming out of the pandemic, increasingly people are feeling comfortable traveling where we see festive bookings in places like CALA, etc., its great demand, and the holidays are pacing up well compared to 2019, so I think we're very encouraged.  But the overall message we were trying to impart is that typically, it is a period just with family holidays, etc. that it is a lower occupancy quarter. And it's worth mentioning that when you go back to 2019 and '18 levels and you look at our EBITDA in Q3 and Q4 as we talked about in our comments, that typically Q3 is a higher RevPAR -driving quarter than Q4 typically.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. I want to circle back on the group looking outlook. I know you talked about price rates being up 4% next year. I'm wondering if you could give us a sense of what group bookings is relative to 2019. And I think there's this idea that there's going to be a lot of pent-up demand for it, but I'm wondering if that's actually translated into bookings yet. Maybe obviously not for Q1, but are there quarters in Q2, Q3, or Q4 where the -- what's on the books is back to '19 levels or are groups not pulling the trigger just yet? Thanks.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Now that's helpful, thanks. And then just on the lower investment spend, and I know Leeny, you mentioned it was kind of refining some of the headquarters’ and system's CapEX. Is there -- is something related to the -- there's something like impaired contract investment in the quarter that -- was there a significant project or maybe it's multiple ones that got canceled or something? Just wondering if that is related.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thank you, that's helpful. I don't know if -- one final. You made a comment when talking about priority of using your cash flow reinstating a smaller dividend than larger dividend, and you mentioned the investment-grade rating to take advantage of opportunities -- to be opportunistic, I think, was the expression you used. Is there anything acquisition-wise that you think about where you would be looking for opportunities? I don't know if you can characterize anything. And then that's it for me. Thanks.
