Leeny Oberg: Yes. No, we've got several years left on them, Stephen, and are really pleased with the continued growth in the credit card fees, and frankly, really particularly pleased with adding so many new countries. So I think when you look at credit card fees for the year, I think, broadly speaking, a double-digit growth rate is right. Now for total non-RevPAR fees, we've talked about a 4% to 7% growth in non-RevPAR fees because of the lumpiness of things like residential fees. And the reality, as you remember, our timeshare fees are overwhelmingly a flat payment that go up only slightly. So overall, I think we're looking at 4% to 7%. But again, on the credit card side, we continue to see really strong growth.
Leeny Oberg: Stephen, the only thing I'll add -- Stephen, the only thing I'll add to that is the reality that at the end of the day, we do believe that it is the person-to-person and the experiential part of our business that makes it so unique. So being able to use generational AI in a way that enhances that service, we see as a real benefit, but never to take away from the fundamental people-to-people part of our business.
Leeny Oberg: So Shaun, the only other thing that I would add is the reality that you've heard us talk more and more about multiunit conversions, which does make things a little bit lumpier on the rooms growth. If you remember, when we added a big slug of all-inclusive rooms a couple of years ago, when you look at the MGM deal that we recently announced, I take your point that M&A would be looked at separately. But I do think on the conversion side, you should continue to see us chasing these lovely multi-unit conversion opportunities that can bounce the numbers around a little bit, but definitely give us confidence in our mid-single-digit net rooms growth number as we look forward.
Leeny Oberg: So Joe, we can work through the per room. Obviously, we've got the reality that the system overall is about 11% bigger than it was in 2019. So those comparisons start to be a little bit less meaningful. But to your point about where IMF should be for the full year, I think what you've seen in what we reported today clearly points to the reality that we hope, assuming things continue the way our guidance predicts, is a number of IMF that exceeds our 2019 peak by a good amount. The amount of percentage of hotels earning incentive fees so far is 62% in Q2 versus 72% in 2019. So we're clearly getting much closer. And in Asia Pacific, it's in the mid-80s in both years. So I think it -- as you know, we've got a different structure of IMF in Asia Pacific. And as our growth has been outsized in that region, they have a very positive quality of behaving much more like base fees. So I think you should continue to see strong growth there. In Q2, we were looking at about 41% coming from the US and Canada and 30% coming from Asia Pacific. So we're getting much closer to our 2019 proportion of incentive fees. And again, as we talked about before, when we look for the rest of the year, we do see the reality that we expect IMF to be higher than our peak.
Leeny Oberg: The only thing I'll add, David, is that on the special corporate rate, I think it is worth noting that you've heard us talk before that we got nearly double-digit increases in negotiated rate this year. And as we look out to next year, we do -- we're starting to have those conversations and we are looking for an additional meaningful increase next year as well. And while you're right that the classic big four and tech firms are still down in night meaningfully compared to 2019, overall business transient is up compared to 2019 and we are continuing to see some recovery. So we do eventually think that it will get back to levels that we saw in 2019 on the special corporate side eventually. And again, overall business transient is doing well from a revenue perspective.
Leeny Oberg: Yes, sure. So just real quickly, overall, mid-50s for Bonvoy penetration, low 60s for U.S. and Canada. And when you look at -- we are still kind of mid-70s for direct contribution -- direct channel contribution for our bookings, and the OTA is 11% to 12%. So again, fairly stable. The main point is that our -- when you think about the digital channels, they have gained meaningfully more share over the past several years than the OTAs and grown very nicely. And when you look just kind of one last data point for you, when you think about redemptions as a percentage of our total room nights, it's 6%. And digital is mid-30s.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. All of the above. You've got great news in terms of adding cardholders. That is obviously a critical component to this, is adding additional cardholders. And we're very pleased with adding additional cardholders. And then obviously, it's the average spend on those existing cardholders. So as you see growth in those two, you get the growth in credit card, but just as importantly, is adding new countries. So when we add South Korea, Japan or China, it really opens up a new market that goes from zero to thousands of cards with growth potential that goes off many years into the future. And we are continuing to add additional countries. So we'll talk more in September about kind of how to think about that in a three-year model. But as I said, for this year, I think you can be looking at them for overall total credit card branding fees to be in about the roughly 10% range.
Leeny Oberg: So I'll start -- I'll start, Tony, and then you jump in. I think you've heard us talk about our entry into the affordable mid-scale space since the acquisition of City Express in CALA and with our conversation about MidX Studios, which is a mid-scale extended stay product that we're very excited about in the US and are having great conversations with owners. And really, we look at that around the world as providing great opportunities for us in addition to growing all of our other brands. I mean I think it's important to note that we think there's lots of room for us to have growth across all segments around the world and our existing brands. But for example, we're excited about what we see as the possibility for a conversion mid-scale brand in EMEA and look forward to some announcements in the back half of the year regarding that. So we'll continue to look to try to meet our customers' needs and expand our distribution in a way that strengthens Bonvoy.
Leeny Oberg: Sure. And I think a lot of this is just about acceleration of recovery. So if you think about it, it's a little bit hard to predict exactly how airlift is going to go and how cross-border travel and how a country is going to emerge from the pandemic. And so I think the reality is that the recovery in China has come faster than we expected. And cross-border, while it is still meaningfully lower in China than it was pre-COVID, we've got international airlift only at 40% of pre-COVID level. So there's clearly more room to go. There's no doubt that as that country has rebounded. And as the rest of Asia Pacific has also really opened its borders completely, we've seen that all of the travel there has picked up very fast. So when I kind of go back to where at the beginning of the year, where you might have imagined Greater China and Asia Pacific outside of China, they are both up the most. I think the only other comment I would make is that, obviously, Europe this summer has dramatically outperformed expectations. And we continue to see really strong demand in Caribbean and Latin America and Middle East Africa. So international really benefiting from all the cross-border travel. And frankly, from a global economy that has probably been a bit stronger than everyone anticipated at the beginning of the year.
Leeny Oberg: As you say, we're not going to get into the details of the calculation, but it is based on hotel revenues. So it is not an à la carte sort of deal.
Leeny Oberg: Yes. The deal was signed before June 30. So, it's appropriate that it was in -- it was not announced until a few weeks ago, but it was signed.
Tony Capuano: Sure, Stephen, I'll try and take that one. I think, obviously, AI has already incorporated into how we think about running our business. It has been for a while. We continue to look for opportunities to leverage evolving technologies like AI to remove friction for our guests, to create capacity for our associates. But we do it in a way that is mindful, mindful of how rapidly the technology is evolving and mindful of some of the real important considerations around facets of evolving technology like privacy.
Tony Capuano: Sure. Shaun, let me start and then I'm sure Leeny will chime in. On your first question, you're right, there is a very modest kind of a 20 bps adjustment at the high end to the guidance. We are delighted with the impact of this terrific MGM deal to so meaningfully increase our guidance for net unit growth for 2023. That little tweak at the high end really is reflective of kind of normal ins and outs. On the plus side, we've seen a little lower deletions to the system than we had visibility into a quarter ago. And then we've seen a handful of projects that we still are confident will open, but we've seen the timing of a handful of those openings slip into early 2024. And it's those ins and outs that led to that modest tweak to the high end of the guidance. On your second question, I would suggest to you that last year was probably the bottom of the trough. The numbers we've seen, particularly on the conversion front, are leading strong growth towards that mid-single-digit unit growth that you've become accustomed to in your time covering Marriott. I think in terms of continued improvement. You'll hear a little more of this from Leeny. I think the biggest thing we're hoping for now is continued relief from the constriction we see in the debt markets in the US and Europe for new construction. We're seeing powerful interest on the conversion side. We're seeing no shortage of developer interest or availability of the equity. I think the one impediment we're seeing is it's not an absolute absence of debt, but we're not seeing the free-flowing debt we saw a few quarters ago.
Tony Capuano: Yes. So it may not surprise you, Joe. We're not going to go into granular detail on the economics of a specific deal. What I can tell you is the structure of the transaction is akin -- much more akin to a traditional franchise deal. We are getting paid on room revenue across their US portfolio of 17 resorts. It's not just some sort of loyalty lockup. It's structured to look a lot more like a franchise agreement. The reason is we talk about it as a strategic licensing agreement. It's more broad than what we had with the Cosmopolitan, which was, in fact, a straight franchise agreement. Here, we've got a much broader ability with the creation of the MGM Collection portfolio to make this a much bigger play for our 186 million Bonvoy members in terms of the ability to give them access to the wealth of content that MGM makes available, to link the 186 million Bonvoy members and the 40 million MGM Rewards members, and as a corollary, to be a loyalty partner with that MGM. So, we've called it a strategic licensing agreement because of some of those complexities. But in terms of the way we've structured the financial arrangements, you should think about it more through the lens of a more traditional franchise agreement structure.
Tony Capuano: No, I was just going to say, yes, you're right, Richard. We're still down about three points on a global basis. But we see some real opportunities for growth. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we continue to see steady recovery on the business transient side, which gives us some optimism. And we continue to see continued recovery on cross-border travel, which gives us another layer of optimism. And then I would say, third, as I mentioned, in Greater China, which is our second largest market, you've still only got about a 40% recovery of cross-border airline capacity. And so in terms of inbound and outbound international travel related to China, we think there's some real opportunity for occupancy recovery there as well. And then, lastly, you've heard us talk about this the last couple of quarters, but we continue to see in the data real legs to this phenomenon of blended trip purpose and we think that's going to continue to drive occupancy, particularly in the days of the week that historically we considered shoulder days.
Tony Capuano: Sure. So your characterization is accurate. The SMEs, which represent about 60% of our business transient segment, they were first fully recovered a quarter ago and their demand continues to be quite robust. The large corporate room nights continue to be recovering a bit more slowly. In Q1, we saw slow and steady recovery, and that continues to be the pace. What we hear from them anecdotally on, from one perspective, they continue to meet a great deal as they hire new staff, as they immerse them in their culture and do training meetings. And we think that's one of the drivers of the strength we're seeing in the group segment. Their international travel has been probably the slowest component of their travel to recover. And so it's a segment that we're monitoring closely, but it is certainly recovering more slowly than the SMEs.
Tony Capuano: Yeah. And Dave, maybe just one clarification and additional comment. On the recovery of the SMEs, we saw them fully recover in Q1 of 2022, not 2023, just to make sure I'm precise. The other thing I will tell you is while the recovery of the large corporates has been not as rapid as what we've seen with the SMEs, we do see strong enough demand even with the large corporates that it is giving us pretty good pricing power. As we talked about a couple of quarters ago, and one of the underpinnings of the rate growth we saw in the quarter was our ability to negotiate high single-digit special corporate rates for 2023. And as we start in earnest to go into corporate rate negotiations for 2024, we have every expectation that we will be emerging from that rate negotiation season, having achieved high single-digit rate negotiated rates for the second straight year.
Tony Capuano: Yes. Good question, Bill. I'd point to a few things and maybe I'll try to answer you going segment by segment. I talked in my prepared remarks about the leisure segment being up in the quarter 10%. One of the things that was really encouraging to me in the leisure segment was that, that 10% improvement was split almost perfectly evenly by both occupancy and rate improvement. We saw a 5% improvement in ADR, which I thought was quite encouraging. Similarly -- and that was a global number. Pivoting to the US, which I think was your question. In the US and Canada, we talked a little bit about group. Some of the pricing power we're seeing in group as evidenced by the revenue pace we're seeing, not only in the back half of 2023, where we're pacing up 11% in revenue, but also where we're seeing in 2024, where we're now pacing up 14%, which is already up 5 points just three months since the last time we talked to you about group pace. And then as you heard from Leeny, when she was asking one of the earlier questions about business transient, you have 6% ADR growth in business transient in the US and Canada, which I think is another data point. When you throw all that in the blender together, all of that gives us some comfort that there is some opportunity. The only thing, I would say to you, and you heard Leeny referenced this, we do expect year-over-year ADR to moderate a bit given some of the comparisons, particularly as we get into year three -- or excuse me, Q3 and Q4 but we do expect ADR to continue to grow through the back half of the year.
Tony Capuano: Sure. So I think there's three questions in there, I'll try to hit all three, Robin. On the first one, as Leeny mentioned, while we're not going to disclose the specific deal terms, this is structured very similar to a franchise agreement where we are receiving a royalty fee on rooms revenue. This is not as Leeny termed it, an à la carte, where we're only getting paid on fees generated just through our proprietary channels. So I do think you should think about it through the lens of a more traditional franchise fee structure. On your second question, we typically do conversions, pending opening in our system are typically included as rooms under construction because they typically have some measure of property improvement plan, improvements and construction before they come into our system. Even in the case of MGM with extraordinary quality assets, there are, for instance, some life safety improvements and some other physical improvements that are required to those assets before they will be plugged into the system. And that's why they're characterized in that way. And on your third question, I'm doing the math just in my brain so we can do it more precisely for you. But if you take the quarter end pipeline and you back out those numbers or back out the MGM, we would have been a little over 500,000 rooms in the pipeline. And if you back the MGM numbers out of the under construction, we would have been a little over 200,000. So, it would have been 40%-ish under construction versus the 30% that you referenced. And so in terms of implications going forward, I'd reference a response I gave you maybe a quarter ago, which is for, I don't recall the precise number, but 20-some-odd quarters despite really strong openings we've continued consistently to have plus or minus 20,000 rooms under construction globally, which I don't think bodes quite well for our continued recovery to mid-single-digit net unit growth.
Tony Capuano: In the pipeline, yes, we are in the 547,000, yes. So that would include -- to be more precise, that would include the roughly 37,000 incremental rooms that will come in, not the full 40,000 because the Cosmopolitan is already open and operating in the system as an Autograph as we sit here today.
Tony Capuano: Sure. Of course. So, maybe I'll sort of go in sequence. We are seeing a very encouraging uptick in the pace of development inquiries, a parallel uptick in the number of signed MOUs and then parallel committee submissions and approvals. As you'll recall from some of our previous conversations, oftentimes, unlike many other markets around the world, new construction hotels often come into our development process when those structures are well under construction as opposed to a US deal where it might come to us as a greenfield site. Many of those under construction buildings had been paused during the pandemic. We have seen parallel encouraging restart of many of those construction projects. So when we think about each of the milestones in the development of a hotel project or the life cycle of a hotel project, we're seeing encouraging uptick at every one of those milestones across Greater China.
Tony Capuano: Sure. So maybe I'll try at a high level, and then, Leeny, you might want to be a little more granular. Obviously, we think it's a huge win for our group customers. As you know, Michael, the way we sell group as we look at their multiyear rotational needs and for many of these particularly large groups, Las Vegas is always in their multiyear plan. While we had the ability to offer them the Cosmopolitan, the breadth of offerings we can now make available to them, particularly the largest of those groups that need very significant meeting space, we think we've got a terrific opportunity to keep them within the Marriott Group ecosystem much more effectively. Our sales teams will be collaborating closely, the Marriott and the MGM sales teams, to ensure we capture as much of that demand as possible. In terms of markets that might be impacted by that, most of those groups are rotating through Las Vegas as a destination anyway. And so I don't think we're deeply concerned that groups going there will be at the expense of those destinations. We just think we have a better probability of capturing that Las Vegas rotation within the Marriott ecosystem.
Tony Capuano: Great. Well, thank you all for your interest this morning. I wish you safe travels, and we look forward to seeing all of you in Miami this September. Thank you.
A – Leeny Oberg: So I'll jump -- I'll start, Tony, and feel free to jump in. So a couple of things. Certainly, we do attribute it to the reality that a year ago in Q2, there were meaningfully fewer choices for travel. They really were consistent restrictions for going overseas, last airlift, et cetera. And there's clear that when you look at the travel patterns this year that there is a big exodus of Americans going over to Europe and other places in the world. So that certainly had an impact. The other thing I would say is that on luxury in the U.S., we actually saw a strengthening in the metropolitan areas. And they, in general, have a little bit lower RevPAR than some of the resorts. So some of this is a bit of a mix shift. And as you saw, the rate hardly moved in U.S. and Canada in Q2, and that was off of a year last year in Q2 where luxury rates were extraordinary. So just as a reminder, luxury rates have -- in U.S. and Canada have actually outpaced inflation when you compare to '19 and that still is the case while the other segments are coming more and more in line with inflation-adjusted rates as they continue to gain, as you saw ADR up 4% in the second quarter. And as we also said in our prepared remarks, there is a normalization going on. There's definitely a more seasonal pattern to travel, and frankly, a nice sturdy mix of leisure, business transient and group that supports pricing going forward for the industry, we think.
A – Leeny Oberg: Sure. Thanks for the question. You're right, the adjusted EBITDA and strong cash flow kind of move upward in our guidance has given us a view to increase our expected capital returns this year. And just in basic math, the midpoint of our EBITDA moved up approximately roughly $150 million, about half of it outperformance in Q2 and about half of it increased guidance in the back half of the year. And if you just kind of simply take that and lever it, it's pretty straightforward about how you see the increased capital returns. But I do want to go back to our first kind of the most important thing, which is that we first want to invest in our business to grow. And we want to do that in a way that provides returns that are attractive for our shareholders and do it in ways that kind of meet our strategic objectives. So that is always first on the list and then a consideration of how we see the business moving forward. We do have a more diversified earnings stream than we had before. We've got a more global earnings stream than we've had before. We've got strong operating leverage in the business. And so I would expect to continue to see this investing in the growth of our business, including our technology transformation. But then with the remaining cash, excess cash, being able to return it to our shareholders in this mix of a modest dividend and share repurchase.
A – Leeny Oberg: So I'll start, and Tony, jump in. So the old saying continues to be true that proven markets, proven brands, proven developers, proven owners always wins out. And that is still the case. So it really depends on the project. I will say that we've seen such great impact from renovated hotels that I think there is the reality that an existing hotel that is not a new development project, that's not kind of not earning money for quite a while, that those are easier to do, especially when they're turning it into a fantastic representation of a particular brand. And I think those are getting done. But I think the reality is that both with the level of interest rates and the loan-to-values that are being required is that it's tougher to make these deals penciled. So they are happening. They're getting done. They're just not getting done at the same pace that they were before.
